
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


The best kind of help is the kind you don't have to ask for, like your friend pulling up on a moving day with a truck, a speaker and snacks ready to go. Well, that's the energy you get with at t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you credit for a full day of service. Proactively credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more, caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions. Apply to att.com/guarantee for full details. At t connecting changes everything.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day Experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play


If you own a home. Here's the interesting fact for you. Today, American home owners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys? It's actually a time machine log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and s sipc. Full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Welcome Back to a special edition of All The Smoke coming to you live from the College Football Hall of Fame. On behalf of the Rocket Foundation and my brother Quavo man, this is a long time coming bro. We've been trying to connect for like four years to get you on the show and, and we're finally here, man. Really excited man. Of many hats. We've partnered in legends and talked about doing some other things. So why are we out here? What's, what, what you got going on today? We're Celebrating the Rocket Foundation. We doing the Rocket Foundation, of course, but we celebrating my nephew birthday. We putting it all in once, calling the summit. And we just doing this for a purpose, bro. Making sure to Takeoff legacy his name, stay alive and we gotta be frontline and, and, and do something about it, you know, from the politics sides and in, in the street side.


So like we just merging this together and building this big old foundation, this big old family, this big you are not alone crew. This big superhero group. Like I feel like we just here to just embrace all that energy of like when you, when you lose a loved one. We here for you. Introduce us to who's to your right. My dog, Greg Jackson. You know what I'm saying? President of the Rocket Foundation. I'm, let him break it down on how he, you know, yeah. Started and came here and, and with me. Tell us a little bit about your background too, Greg. 'cause we ran across paths. What year was that? 2022. 2022. Yeah. Straight Out the White House when I came into the White House because I worked with a group. Advanced Peace. Advanced Peace. Forgive me, we're out there in California.


But yeah, tell us how you started, where you started with the Biden administration and how you moved your way with Quavo. Well, my, my work on this issue started in April, 2013. I was leaving the club with my cousins and just like so many moments, we got caught in the middle of a crossfire. Bullets rang out And I was hit the bullet, hit me, hit two arteries, nearly the cost of my life. And I got within 30 minutes of, of dying from blood loss and went through six surgeries, six months of recovery. But in that moment I just kept telling myself if I could ever get back on my feet, like I wanna do everything I can to make sure no one else goes through what I went through.


And since then, unfortunately I've lost a couple mentees and a few friends to gun violence. It's just, it's just a huge issue that keeps raging forward. But I've been an outspoken activist for now over 12 years. Fought to pass policy in, in Washington dc We passed the first bill in 30 years. Congratulations on gun violence. The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act. And then shortly after that, I met Quavo and, and you know, unfortunately through tragedy, but he was determined to make it triumph, you know, and to make it, make sure that there's power in the loss that happened. And we went to the White House. He went to the White House, sat down with the vice president, we met with members of Congress and said, Hey, we need a team that can help address this issue every day.


And President Biden and Vice President Harris answered and created the first ever White House office of Gun Violence Prevention in 2023. I don't know if it was you that did it, but, but I got hired and so I was a deputy director there for about a year and a half. And in that job we moved $42 billion into gun violence prevention. We did 54 executive actions and we fully implemented that big law that made gun trafficking a federal offense, that added more money for victims of violence and really added more resources for mental health and youth programs and a lot of the programs that now the Rocket Foundation is working with. And so it's been an honor of my life to, to serve in the White House and, and you know, I just thank God every day that he got me outta that hospital bed.


So what is the goal? And you guys can take turns, kind of tell what is the goal of this? Because I know we're gonna talk a little bit later on the panel, but you're kind of setting up a situation where people can get ahold of you, a coalition of athletes and entertainers and ecosystem where people having issues with, with with, with gun violence. They can call you up and you got boots on the ground. Explain to us a little bit more about that situation. Right? We just, like you said, it, it goes around The World. You know what I'm saying? It happens every day. It happens in all cities, man. I'm pretty sure y'all background, y'all had, you know what I'm saying, seen it or been in it. And so we just, you know, kind of becoming those, those big bros and those, those those leaders who just like you could get on the phone and, and and and, and figure something out.


Instead of going retaliate, retaliating in the streets and being like doing it the wrong way. It's like we, we need to go to the big way. We need to go to the White House. We need to, you know, try to change some laws. We need to link up together and get frontline and really like, and go hard about this. 'cause you see like other family members and they be want like, change. They want, like, they want something to be done and you just can't, you know what I'm saying? You can't just leave the house and just crash out all the time. So like, I feel like I had to put like my patience, my time, my heart, even even my ego. I had to sit, sit aside. You know what I'm saying? This is hard. Every time I do to these Sonos, I feel like, like one I was there, this is my nephew, so I'm always like supposed to take care of him and bring him home at in any situation.


So starting from, like I said, starting from this and the foundation, it just, it's the only way I think I know right now. And, and I'm just looking for like, I'm, I wanna be that vessel. I wanna be that answer. I wanna be that guy that you can call on that that's been through it too. So that's, that's where I'm at with it. You know what Emini here, I I wanna say this. Like, I, I think it's, I think it's a beautiful thing 'cause like even with my situation with George Floyd, like if I knew I had a group of people already set in place where I know I can call And I already got a team together where I know I can move with what you're doing is very beneficial bro. Because instead of having to get up and find people that that's like-minded, that want that, that care about it, you already have that.


So when it's time to move, y'all already moving one time. That's a beautiful thing, bro. I gotta salute you for Appreciate It. Appreciate it. Greg. We, we know not to cut you off. We know that obviously having someone as big as Quavo and and him using his celebrity and his money and his platform policy is what really moves the, the needle. And that's a space that that that you've been in. How important is teaming up with someone like him and then also moving on the policy side as well to see actual change? Yeah. Emini here it's the policy, but it's also the resources, right? Facts like what Quavo described and what Steve described man is having those big bros to go to. There are thousands of organizations across the country that are doing this work. You know, safe Streets in Baltimore, advanced Peace in la, new era In Detroit.


Yeah. Life. Yep. Forest, Detroit Life camp in New York. Like Emini here. Every city has local organizations that are working hard to do that hope hustlers here, right? But these organizations, most of them are underfunded, most of them don't have the, you know, a big communications team and they're working every day to connect with folks in these hard times. But they don't have the support. And that's what makes Rocket such a big deal is because Quavo can shine a light on these programs and strategies. You know, we've already granted to over 10 organizations here locally to help them build their program, but more importantly tell the story of how they're helping to save lives. Because the last three years we've seen the steepest declines in homicides in American history, 31%.


And the big difference was not the big laws, it was the resources going to the community groups and they can expand and connect with more folks that are in need, right? And so we went from, you know, small organizations that didn't have resources to now they can get federal money, state money, city money. They're getting support from foundations, they're getting support from, from corporations. And that's because we're able to tell the story of how impactful they are. And, And I think that is something huge Emini here, even this year in Atlanta, homicides are down 11%, right? So we know that if you pour into the community and we know access to guns is a big problem, but if you pour into the community first, you can reduce violence by so much. And that's where policy meets culture, right?


And policy meets the voice and then they, and the way that we can change the narrative. I had that, that's what I, that's one thing when we did go to Kama, there's a lot of standard I don't understand about policies and laws like, but I did ask her how can we get the money and the fund into these real grassroots to the right people Yeah. That we know that's doing the right work. You know what I'm saying? I think that's a big problem because they want, they want to do things to help out, but you don't know to ask people that's doing the real work. 'cause you not in that, you not in that situation. We know. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So some kind of way the people that's willing to put the money in, they need to give the money to the right people to get to these grassroots organizations that's doing the real work. Yep. And just to, just to fair everybody's awareness, the term that we, that we identify for these groups are community violence intervention organizations or CVI And, and these groups are doing everything from street outreach.


Some of 'em are doing therapy with families, some are are providing behavior change approaches, but also coaching a football team. Right? Right. Or working with young folks in sports. So different actions and, and they come in different styles, but at the end of the day they're focused on those who are most at risk. Yeah. And just supporting them, you know, so that in that tough moment of crisis, they don't have to turn to a gun or turn to harm in somebody, you know? Yeah. That's why I work with the group Advanced Peace up in Stockton and Sacramento. They, they talk to the people that are most likely to be doing the shootings or being shot. Like they have the OGs that get outta prison and come back and talk and we take 'em to games and, and, and raise funds and give 'em different experiences because we could tell people till we're blue in the face, put down the guns, but what are we replacing the guns with?


Right. You gotta replace with opportunity. Right. You know what, Emini here. So until we really start doing that, that's when we start seeing change. So Greg, thank you for your time. We're gonna catch up with you a little bit later on the panel. Yes sir. And man, you can catch the rest of the panel conversation. Let's start from the beginning, bro. The n Yes sir. I had a blessing to be called on the off come hang with y'all a couple times. Yes sir. Talk about your a your upbringing and what does a TL rep mean and represent to you. I was originally born in Athens, Georgia and about about like six, sixth, seventh grade we moved to Gwinnett. We called it the north and shit. We were just some five 30 young niggas just, just having fun, making music, doing sports and getting in trouble.


Yeah. Trying To figure that out. Trying to figure it out. You know, I, everybody stayed at my house. That's, that's mama crib. We call her mama Honcho. Everybody stayed there and then and downstairs we had came up on this laptop and, and like a Bluebird mic and so I hooked it up downstairs and we had this like gymnastic mac hooked that thing up downstairs and that thing, you know, we was just in there just recording, going crazy. Everybody called mama Mama. You was raised by mama, dad wasn't there. Similar to my upbringing, a lot of people don't know the what a mother that's raising a whole bunch of kids and all the kids in the neighborhood.


What she go through on a daily about the sacrifices she make. Talk about, you know, what your mom meant to everybody around y'all. 'cause even, you know, some of your group mates said, talked about how she was a father figure to everybody and she and she gave everybody the real game. Yeah. She just let everybody inside the door was always open. I always, always get some food. The best cooking straight up raw, uncut advice. Even like, you know, sometimes parents, other, other kids parents had like strict ways on like not letting you outside and do like, just crazy stuff. You know what I'm saying? My mom would be like, how your parents not let let you do this and that and the third. And so sometimes we would like the kids used to like run away and just come stay at my house because they know she probably cared because she was just so cool and caring.


But at the same time she still ain't let you just do no nonsense. Like you couldn't just be over there disrespecting the spot. And I just felt like it was a level of respect and it was a level, level of like, okay, we all growing up as young men, we got responsibilities. You know what I'm saying? And she's just, I always instilled that and just always made sure we, you know, kept God first and wash for the haters. Watch for the jealousy. Keep your brothers, you know what I'm saying? Keep your brothers. Everybody looking good. We share clothes, same shoes, same shirts we going, we gonna always make sure we look good together. So it was just that comradery of it, just togetherness like that what she was on. Your sister said he didn't get whippings like we did.


Oh nah, I'm the only boy. I ain't really, I ain't really get in trouble like that 'cause I was only, I was the only boy. She love her only son. I, I think she get that from my grandmama though. 'cause my grandmama had five girls and one boy and so they used to just always make sure the boy was straight. Uncle Bo. Yeah, I got one uncle. It's crazy. What kind of music did you listen to growing up? I know y'all all turned up and was rapping. We was fired up around that time. I was out here when y'all was coming up. Shit, growing up we just listen to Hot Boys a lot. I was a real big T-Pain fan. That how that kind of, how I get the tune and the melodies and shit. Young la Jay money. They don't know how big they was. Yeah, that was huge to us.


Gucci of course. Yeah. Jeezy. But like the shit that started the sauce and the wave. I feel like we go futuristic. Leland NJ Yeah. That, that like kind of gave us our, our template and palette on, on where to go with the, with the swag Football, music First two loves. But your foot, your first love was football quarterback always had a ball in your hand as a youngster. Had the Gwinnett County record for the most consecutive passes completion 28 until somebody in the NFL Taylor Hinky came and broke that record. Where was he? Where'd you say he's at? Jelani. The Chargers. Chargers now with the Chargers. So a young up and coming NFL player broke your record.


You could really play football. Talk to us about the passion of, of the quarterback position and kind of why we're here today at the college. Football Hall of Fame. Of course I always played sports growing up. Quarterback came real late to me. I won. I didn't play quarterback growing up. I played receiver corner, a little bit of tight end. And they would throw me at quarterback every now and then, like sprinkle me in 'cause I was lefthanded And I, I was Just about to say, everybody lefthand And I think they sweet at quarterback. You Feel what I'm saying? So they, and And I had that like, just that little itch in it. And then shit like the first, I wanna say ninth grade, we lost one of my third quarterback. I think he broke his collarbone.


My other quarterback, he was gang banging. He just went across the street, got suspended and then they was just like doing tryouts in ninth grade. So like anybody come up there. So I seen, I seen my, one of my buddies, he was a rob receiver, he went down there, he like, I got it, don't worry about it. I got, he came down, neck broke coming back. He, they like, nah, boom. So I was kind of like, I wanna say last, I'm just like, fuck it, I'll do it. And when I went over to AJ Natural, AJ clicked. And then ninth grade, I think I played jv. I got like most improved player that year. And then like shit, the next year I was, I had to compete with a young nigga. He, his name was Zay Bridge. I'll never forget you boy, you, you still fight.


He like six, six, crazy young. Just had it all like look him up top, top to bottom. Had it all just like he went out there. But I think, I don't think he was a, a quarterback. I think he was like a safety or something like, anyway, he was a cold-blooded athlete. He can do anything he wanted to do on that field. So I guess spring game, he just ain't have it in him that day. God, they threw me out there first play of the game. I threw a touchdown and it was all She wrote. It was a wrap. First play of The game. Yeah. I'll never forget it. Hmm. He played Collins Hill. That's dope. What kind of influence did Mike Vick have on you once you became a quarterback? Of course I would. And I'm gonna say I was, Vic was my favorite player. I felt like when he left Atlanta, I, all the soul left Atlanta.


So Emini here, I don I, it was kind of hard for me to be a Falcons fan again after that. But now I'm back. You said now you're I'm back. Yeah, I'm back. Did you play any hoop or was it just all football? I Played ball. I played That's what cold it. Yeah, I played basketball. I really was good in basketball. Was Like organized basketball or just playing around the neighborhood? I Played, I played little league growing up middle school. And then when I got to high school, I could never like get over that spring progress report. Could never get over it. Jack come Like every time I, every time I pull up I, I would failing. So that how I get that, how I would, they would cut me and then I'd get mad and then do all spring sports. So I just to keep me like in school and doing my work.


I went to play baseball for the first time And I played pitcher in left field and shit. That's what kept me with my grades. And I was rolling over to basketball Emini here, rolling over to football and then shit after that, right back again, I'm failing again. It was just like a, like a cycle bro. Like every December I couldn't catch that basketball try out report card flex. So it just, I was just like, I'm just gonna be a spring football and, and and baseball guy. But I did it all though. The athlete mindset. It's something we talked to Kobe about. We recently talked to Ryan Coogler about, about just how do you change that mindset from sports to business and in your example music, how to be an athlete, help you transition into those spaces.


Most definitely socially help you how to, how learn how to be a leader. You know what I'm saying? Take charge, control the room. Go through ups and downs. You know what I'm saying? A lot of things don't go your way. You gotta be able to, you know what I'm saying? Stand in it. And that's what I think in business. And then patience. Patience. You know what I'm saying? You want a lot. You even like when you working out, you be thinking that you can go get big tomorrow, but you gotta you gotta stay at it. So like that football sports communicating with, you know what I'm saying? Having that coach, that father figure, that big brother, it kind of like shaped you. Get you ready for the outside world. So that's why I be trying to like tell kids, like, you should for sure do like all three sports Yep.


To see whatever you want to, you know what I'm saying? But that one, like if you doing one sport right now, you better know you going all the way and like getting it together. But that's how I felt like it shaped me. When did music surpass sports? As far as man, this may be something I could do. Shit. After I dropped outta high school, I had Plan A didn't work, I went plan B and that was music. Yeah. And, but I, we was always good. We was always good. Like we would fuck around and just make songs for the school. They'll love them, make songs for the, for the, for the football team. They're liking. I passed my mixtape out in like eighth grade.


Me and Tate, everybody laughed at us, you know what I'm saying? But they, they knew it was that only one nigga pulled up to the cafeteria like, Hey bro, that met Tay hard you mind if I get on it? And I was offset. Oh really? Yeah. That's how it happened. Yeah. In the cafeteria. That's crazy. That's Crazy. It was some, some, so They all knew it, but he was the only one that really showed love to it. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. That's crazy. But T Tak always been rapping to one. Yeah. Been to one, but he just no music front to back, you know what I'm saying? Like, he used to get in trouble for singing the Turk album Left and top to bottom. And he was a kid like then coming there, cuss doing all that cussing, man mama came in there and took the whole CD in there.


Everything. He was sick. But like, he was just such a student of the game. And like, he knew every word to every song. He knew my words to my songs. He knew like, he was just such a sponge. It was like, it's crazy. I I was blessed to be in the studio with you. Gucci, the whole Migos. Yeah. Or or Juice and Dog. We was all at the same time. Yeah. And you went, you were in the booth. This how, just to how cold he was. You was in the booth, he came in there, helped you with some stuff and we was all there chilling. But when he went in there, all of us was in there. Like, like, like who this guy, he like, he, he was, he he just took that, he brought that present. Like he was the best every time I seen him in the studio.


Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? For sure. He was like that bro. Over facts. But chill though. Yeah, because I don chill. I don't say a word. Yeah, Because y'all, that's how he got his name though. Takeoff was really called his first. It was like one take, you know what I'm saying? Like we started, like, when we was rapping, I used to record on this thing called Windows Movie Maker. It's like long time ago. And like you had to set it up to where like you put the, I had to put the track up there where the movie reel would be And I put, and it had like this narration thing so you can just narrate the reel. You get what I'm saying? So it's kind of like a song. You get what I'm saying? So, but you gotta, like, when you start it, you gotta keep going.


You can't fuck up if you fuck up, you gotta delete the whole thing. So Like, I would be fucking up. You see what I'm saying? And like we had to start over. Start over. But when that man got on one take, one take every time. And then I Takeoff he got his name. That's dope.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


There's something special about folks who come through without being asked, like your coworker surprising you with your favorite coffee. Just because or your friend handing you the A core at the moment you get in the car. No debate, no fight, just positive vibes that kind of love. It just hits different and that's exactly the energy at and t is on with their new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, at and t will proactively credit you for a full day of service. No calls, no emails, no jumping through hoops. It's just handled. It's like the universe saying, I got you, except this time it's not. The stars aligning. It's your network. And let's be real. That connection is everything. Whether you're holding down the group chat, checking in on your parents, scrolling, TikTok, your network's gotta come through. And if there's a problem, at and t is on the case. No stress, no drama, just real backup when it counts. Credit for fiber downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more, or caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details. At t connecting changes everything.


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bittle, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent, a resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflow so they're not doing a certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them. 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


I was in the studio then or the, the night they did the LA leaker shit in la Remember that night? And I brought you something And I was just sitting there like, oh this shit is dope. Yeah, For sure. Just sit there and see it. You need to crack that strand. We need to get, we still, we got business plays and stuff going on bro. Over here man, these, these my guys, these the big bro. For real like you know Cap, like seriously They birken you are known as the leader of the make of the Migos. But it was true that Takeoff was really the one that got you in the boot for the first time. He was the backbone. I feel like me and him both was always just fans of just music. You know what I'm saying? Like I said, bro, we used to write on our glasses like, like Soldier. I used to be Crump boy. He used to be goddamn, forgot what his name was.


The light-skinned one. I can't think of his name. I know. Nah, I, no, my name was Crump boy. He okay. He used to be like dope boy. Like before we even like we had the sweet, you know what I'm saying? Like we just always just been in that. But I was playing sports so I thought that I would go and he was just like, nah bro. We used to get pulled over. He was be 14 years old and, and ask him what he did. He was like, I'm a rapping. Cops would be like, yo, come here real quick man, come listen to this man. Tell him what you do. He said, I rap straight up. And and like so he always knew that we was going to be a rapper and that's why I said the Plan B didn't feel like no, no hard job. Mm. Because we was already doing the flow.


Y'all been rapping back in the days when y'all was putting mic socks over, microphones, Socks over, mics overly over nail. Nail the mic to the nail. The mic to the wall. No mic stand. It's kind of like hanging off the, the corner of the wall. And then you just put like 10 socks over and, and then make it like, and they make it sound like a real mic. And this is like, this is like those stick mics at Walmart. Like yeah. Yeah. Y'all remember those desk mics? Like the stick ones. You just get the rapping made it work. Had to With all that. Y'all had to find a way to one take everything.


We had to find a way to one take everything and we just started getting good at what we, you know what I'm saying? All the time. Adlibs one take verse one take. If not you, you gonna mess up the whole song. What's crazy? I used to hate being at the end 'cause I knew I'm a fucker. So if I'm at the end you did your verse, you did your verse And I gotta come in in and And I fuck it up. You gotta start over. Everybody gotta do that. You know what I'm saying? So that was, that was, that was, I'll never forget that. That was the pressure to get you better though. Yeah. Yeah. Polo Club for that. That was Polo Club Day. Polo Club POLO. Talk about it man. They had us burnt That why I said the J the Jay futuristic, the la the, you know what I'm saying? That whole Baba Bow world, we were bowed out.


We were extra bow, we were polo club. So you Say it was burned out big Horses. Oh God, the big one. The rugby, the Levi True Religions. It was trimmed, Couldn't tell you shit. Oh my God. The Polo Club mixtape was met with mixed feelings. It was mixed feelings about it. Why? Because It was, I feel like it actually didn't have, it was another member in there. Shout out to my boy Nick. Man. Nick didn't make the cut, huh? Nah, he had, he was just going hard. He ended up doing like 15, you know what I'm saying? He just took a different route. But yeah, it was just, I think we was a little bit premature. Like we weren't ready yet. I don't think we were ready. I think I was like 17, 16. It was, it was sparking but we weren't ready yet. I, I'm glad that we didn't Takeoff 'cause I thought, 'cause I was really thought we was ready.


Like I'm like it's crazy but I'm, we was just brewing, brewing, brewing. Then like that Migos shit came. It was just like okay North side Gwinnett, we got the Migos living here. We got the, you know what I'm saying? We the only, we it is like black and brown. Everybody in the school, we, okay cool. We Migo game we going, we going to Migo black Migo game. You know what I'm saying? And like I think long lived Street Scooter goddamn Jay money. OGD. Yeah. And we came in and they was like, oh y'all boy look Jet Light, y'all boy got it all. It's already dressed. We ain't got it's over with. And it was just once we got that official stamp it was just, we were gone.


When during this time when y'all figuring it out, y'all making the music, y'all growing any og step in and give y'all some game or y'all learned everything off experience When we was recording. That's what, that's, that's I'm glad, that's a good question. You said bro, we, when we walked in the studio with other folks, I felt like we was ahead of them. You know what I'm saying? 'cause of the punch ins 'cause of the one takes. Yeah 'cause of the, we was just punching in, punching in, punching in. So we walked in the studio. I was like damn bro, we doing it right. You ain't never, 'cause y'all, y'all are pros. So y'all probably were 15, 16 doing motherfucking superstar NBA workouts that you don't, don't even know that you was doing until you walked in the over there to the gym.


You like, oh damn we shooting 350 shots. I do, I do that doing that at the crib every day. You know what I'm saying? We do in and outs across the pit. You know what I'm saying? I so like the formula was out, we was making a formula. We was having a formula already. It was already ready. So when we walked in we just looked like we was just plug and Play. I'm gonna give you some names. Tell me the first thing that come to mind or any good stories about them. Outkast the Greatest group. Greatest group of all time for sure. What Did that, what did they mean to Atlanta and you growing Up? First ones to kick the door down. Having something to say the first verbal ones and not, you know what I'm saying? Unapologetically and the dungeon, the basement, you know what I'm saying? All that.


It's the same. It's just like them boys outside and like having, you know what I'm saying? Telling them folk nigga having something to say like nigga having swag and they drip was just outta here. Two different, two different worlds in. That's how of course, of course they Andre and Andre, big boy, ALCA, the whole dungeon family. You know they, they set the tone for sure for Atlanta. I agree. Ti Ti i the goat, the king, king of the trap for sure, No question about it. He had, He had that going down three 16 round when we were moving from Asin to Gwinnett. That was our tape of motivation. 'cause I swear I didn't want to leave Asin. I ain't wanna leave at All.


He might, Tim might be my favorite rapper from Atlanta all time. For Sure he had that fucked up too. Jeezy The goat Snowman man, Adlib King. He most definitely the Adlib king. He dominated his era too. Especially out here now for Sure. Little scrappy Trim young nigga. You feel like he set the tone for that, that mosh pit music. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Like that stuff that Cardi and Ken and them doing, you know they were going ahead busting music. Lil John, we get, they open it up like it was just nigga. I think they, they started leading, leading that way. Soulja boy, He trimmed too. He one of the first ones that ever called Amigos Over.


He one of the first rappers that ever dealt with us. You know what I'm saying? Actually that's how I met Trav at Soul House. You know what I'm saying? Me and Travis went on and did, you know he done said this shit in, I about say you know it's gonna go viral because he ain't lying because he say he the first everything he The first rapper to pull up on him was J Money. Yeah. But the first big one for sure was Soldier. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Future The Wizard, the Goat too. You know what I'm saying? That motherfucker there got Infinity Life, you know what I'm saying? He gonna walk it down, he going to do whatever it is. Ready to roll, Plug And play plug. And What was your first international trip as Migos?


That just blew y'all mind. I wanna say something but ain't no niggas really went like that. Like Australia. It was crazy. Australia actually was one of the best times of my life. 'cause we went from like Africa to Australia. What year Was this About? I wanna say 20 Culture 2 20 17. 2018. 2019 for real. 2019. Yeah. And I end up like, we end up making Narcos in the studio, but we got kicked out the hotel because the flight was the next day and so I guess we couldn't stay there so we just stayed in the studio from like six to six, like 6:00 AM to the next day.


And it was this, oh man, man, I don't even know his name. I just heard him in like in the, in the other room just playing the saxophone. He was just playing the shit out the saxophone. And I'm just like, bro, we need you to come play this shit. And I think we ended up doing Narcos and two player for the combination take. And I just think like those, that moment right there just was, was too dope for me. It's hard to explain because like it was, you know what I'm saying? It it was just the studio fucked up. We couldn't, we like, it looked like you didn't have no inspo then we found a, a major smash hit with record. That's what I'm saying. You least expect Travis Trav.


Oh nah. You, you could go for sure. Sure Trav, that's my brother. He, we feed off each other. It is like Batman robbing we when we get in there and we just, I just feel like he me And I feel like I'm him. You know what Emini here, I Want to ask his questions off Key to the Streets classics. What was, how was it making that album Emini here, that song he To the street Luie pulled Up rest in Peace School. RP School for sure think it was just one of 'em nights in qc. Yeah, I was all in there when y'all Made that all in there. Oh that's five. Luie came in. We was already working on one me school. We, we were doing like three of on, I think Flip got on one the Timmy what you think it is Do Line with it?


Yeah. Flip Flipper, me Flipper, we all, we got on one and then Luie came in I think like an hour later and then I was just like, he pulled, we pulled Who Made the beat? June? June. The jeans didn't make that beat Anyway, we, when I walked in I was kind of like at the end of it I'm like man I'm really ready to, you know what I'm saying, turn it in. But Luie came in so I'm just like all right cool. I gotta prep it and get right. So I walk in there, I'm just like, I got money way before the deal. Put my bitches in there. But I'm saying it like that Luie like man come on out. I got something to say right now. Leave that. He go right in the I fucking and then after that it was just magic Was going back And forth.


But every time I get into like a, not I, I won't say don't want to but like not in the vibe where you think United so big happens. I make a smash every time. The goat my do that boy that my do I miss do for sure that nigga 1000 always high spirited, always loving, always goddamn laughing like a motherfucker. He just ready to work. I got some, I got some shit with Dolf too. Give his shirt off his back. Yeah. Heard just a good Dude overall though too. No for sure. Don't give anything, buy you anything. For real. Always done by this paper. Talk about the early days promoting at the Promot.


Migos at the Pink Flamingo. He said you taking it back. That's where it started at. That's crazy. That's where it started at. 'cause DJ Ray G, he he set in, he used to be Cardi and set DJ but he still set DJ but he was in Flamingo and we had this song called Bando and jumping out the gym and we had Bando before we even got signed before we even came up to the city. Bando was the first song that like started like brewing into town anyway. But like to get the niggas to play the song, we would have to like go up there with the dj, smoke a blunt with 'em, buy 'em drinks of the blue motherfuckers. Y'all remember that? Them blue motherfuckers that and just smoke some weed and shit.


He gonna spin it but we gotta make sure he spin it Prime Time can't spin it when the lights come on. Can't spin it when the vibe going down. We need this shit hot and fresh like at the top of the top and shit. I wanna say before we hit Hit Bando we gave him like two records that wasn't really catching. He wasn't moving to folks like that. But when we dropped that motherfucking Bando bro down, I knew like they was coming up to us like yo this this the one. And then so he start like the DJ was like move spots. He was like Yo Fri. So Friday he would do like Thursday he'll do Pink for MEO Friday he'll do Obsession Saturday he'll do Mansion and we would just following that nigga, you know what I'm saying?


And every time he dj he would come with that blunt in that drink. And we all had money, we all had paper, you know what I'm saying? Fresh deep as hell pull up Camaro charges back to back man we 17, 18 years old. And then Key Motion did he shoot our videos then he shot all the QC video. He was just out there with a camera like, yo can I just shoot this shit? This shit look good, can I just shoot it? And then that's how it happened. We was just going from club to club following our DJ and then that thing, you know we put him on the tape, made him the dj, he been on the road, Kimmo been shooting videos for Wham and the old QC City girls, everybody, all the startup crew since, ever since then everything been like, you know what I'm saying?


Like good money. Yeah. Would you ever produce Amigos documentary? Yes Sir. Yes sir. We actually working on that right now. We got a lot of footage. We got a lot was About say you mentioned all that footage. That's people would love to see that. Yeah we got a lot of footage before I get started. And we got some Yes. Tammy? Oh Yes. Pushups. We got a high later. We got new pushups. Pushups for Tammy. Yep. Ten's up. We got one roll for you too. 10 good ones. Tell me if you agree with this statement in Atlanta a local hit can be a shortcut to the national stage. Absolutely Easy call. Easy, Easy.


What was the first hit y'all heard on the radio light that y'all did was like oh shit. Bando Wasn't it Bando for sure. Yeah Bando. I'm talking about Bando was like Bando so beginning it is like we used to do, Nobody lived when that song came out. Nobody. I don't care whether you lived in the mansion or a broke down house or everybody lived in Bando in Lamb and ain't nobody knew what it was. Nobody but you lived in it. But like when we dropped that song bro we had to battle. We dropped that song in hot one on seven nine where you be like song number one or number two like we winning the battle every week. Yeah Winning the battle. Oh nah we like that number one man. Keep that band no going. All right bet. Call the number number one or two Bando man.


That's it. That's dope. And then like shit we was just like boom. And then I ran into like I was saying we were following Ray G around so we go to Obsessions and God damn why this song going on? I'm walking in the section Bump a nigga, I look him up and down. He look me up and down. It's Zaytoven. We Like damn this this is Zaytoven. Yeah he like man I ain't lie man we what's up bro. Y'all the Bando boy we been looking, they used to call her Bando boys, we been looking for y'all. I'm like who? Who you talking about? He like him and Gucci and so I wanna say like not even a week later he got damn hit Real and was saying who I wanted us to come to the studio but I was so mad at like just rap 'cause I felt like, I felt like we had did it.


I felt like we on the radio, we winning God damn this shit working. Everybody we ban no boys around the town. This nigga Goose don't wanna holler at us man. What the hell? You know what I'm saying? I'm like don't don't call me that bullshit re he like man no for real. So I hit Zay 'cause I got his number When I, when he said they were looking for us, I said hey Zay is this address right? He said this motherfucker sound about right. And we jumped in the car and went straight to the east side and life everything. Then it was, it wrestled history. Shout out gwas, my boy Iconic line got bricks like Shaq at the free throw. Mm. Basketball rappers already always intertwined. Gimme some of your favorite lines. You use one or two of your favorite lines that you included with basketball players are the basketball Game.


I just did, I just did a new one. Yeah, I say Lil bro pull up Ball Player, Brandon James. You know what I'm saying? You got the little bro, you pull up Ball Play Go brand James. Yeah, that my favorite one right now. Yeah. Yeah. The art of the musical group. Rap group. Which rap group? Which rap or musical group inspired you and the Migos Vision Rap group? Yeah because a lot of people rap but everybody don't. Don't conquer the whole, the whole aspect of it. The whole setup. Yeah, the entertaining part. The Off the Bed deal with fans. I was just talking to Metro about this the other day. Woo St Lo Texas was kind of Dope With the swag and everything top to bottom I wanna say.


And then I seen like a clip from like the cash money millionaires when they did they, when they used to all get on stage together back in the day. Yeah It was crazy. That was it. Yeah. And that would put us to that level like alright, this how we want to do it. You know what I'm saying? That's the bar. Yeah. And then we used always talk about like movement. Gotta have your movement. Right. Gotta explain. You gotta get em what you're saying. You feel I'm saying you just can't be right here rapping and just with your head down you gotta, you know, act the words out. Yeah, they Gotta feel it. Paint that picture. What's your favorite Adlib? Mama. Mama, Mama. I knew it. Sure Mama. The art of the hook. The Hook God. Yeah. Yeah The hook. God, where'd that come from? Yeah, beating them niggas to the studio.


Beating them to the booth out going, making five, six songs while everybody go outside. Once that hook laid, we wrapped the stick. Exactly. It wasn't nothing personally, I was just, I was just sit in the stu bro and make like five, six of them and shit like three, two or three of 'em. They want 'em and they want to get on them. But like I used to just always work, always work, work, work, work. I made it kind of easy for the guys, you know what I'm saying? Because The writing the verse is easy. The hook is always the Hardest part. Yeah. I just made it easy for the guys and you know, take gonna come clean up. Everything I set gonna chop it down, you know. So how did the relationship between QC and you guys self start? It started when Gu Up grew up had went in and we just felt like when he had like, like I said, he, when when he came to sign us, our life changed instantly.


Boom. And like when he went to jail, it start trickling back to like that north side shit. We were like, oh hell no, we can't go back. We just, we just, we just felt it. You feel what I'm saying? And we just got, I got a call from Peewee Longway. He was just like, bro, pull up, just pull up real deal. Eminem just pull up. And I pulled up, he was talking about P but a month before Gu I went to jail. P put me Emini here, gua put me in the car with P. He was like, I got my buddy. He coming over here. Don't say nothing to him, don't look at him. Don't say no words, y'all just get in the car and J ride.


So I'm like, what the hell type of fucking OG Lord this is, we just, we, me and Tate, we just looking like, so we get in the car, boom, we ride, go through, hit the city. We ain't say too much. He popped, he was like, these my new art amigo. God damn I want you to play the music. He played the music in the car. PJ Ryan, he don't pay no attention. He on the phone getting on the phone. So I'm thinking he ain't, he ain't fucking with it. I get out the car, leave my phone in that car and, and he was like, I said go up. I left my phone and he said, bro, you left your phone in the car. I just told you don't do nothing crazy in me man call you.


So I'm like man, hell nah. Fast forward. That's how I met him. So I get the call from Long Way, long way. Like, I'm like, all right, cool. And then shit, we walk in the studio. He got a brand new studio. Ain't nobody recorded in it. He was like, I just built this. I don't know what to do with it. And so I hit, I hit Goop for, I hit Guo. I'm like, we going that way. He was like, all right, bet that's the best bet Folk came in there with a traba full of money and like, don't tell me I dug this up or nothing. I looked, I looked, I looked down, I did like this. And it it. Time to go. Yeah. Rest is history.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now and app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


If you own a home, here's the interesting fact for you. Today American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM, where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason plan, and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bissell, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know, how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent. A resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing certain types of repetitive work over and over again, and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them. 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys? It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S sip PC full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Culture album 2017 legendary debuts number one on the charts. The album has bad and boogie t-shirts. Slippery Get right, which is name a few, some legendary producers on the album as well. Metro Boom and Zaytoven without hurting any feelings. Which one of them boys is the hardest? Who you Gonna have the best chemistry with? Zaytoven. Zaytoven started it all From the church. Zaytoven of course. And he a good dude too. That what I like about Zay. He Just struck again with the wha whammy. Yeah, he ain't gonna never, he gonna keep striking. Yeah. You in Notorious for recording his songs in 30, 40 minutes. What are your best memories? Grinding the studio, pumping out song, like the best memory that you had.


You can think about from, you know, you still got a long career left, but I know it's that one moment where you, you sat in the studio, you was like, shit is dope. Yeah. Like man, I came still, I'm still kind of surreal to me. Gotta go, gotta be that Versace moment. Gotta be Versace. We was all downstairs in the basement and we dropped, we dropped the beat and bro, we was just, I was just Versace then Sexy, say Versace then takes say Versace. And I said Versace again. Then I went back in And I recorded it And I came out. I'm saying, are we bro? I think I'm saying Versace too much. And he was like, nah, hell nah. Keep it just like that. We gonna do it just like this.


And then Everyth thing, you know, God damn I met, we was in Birthday Bash and that boy Drake pulled up. He said, bro, I love everything y'all doing from Pronto, Versace Bando. He was like, send me either one of them. So I sent him two. I sent him Pronto and Versace. He sent that Versace and he was gone. Takeoff. Yeah. What's it like working with Drake? Oh yeah, that boy. The goat. Mm, that boy, the goat, like I said, I always cook up shit first. Like even with with Drake, like even with Walkie Talkie Portland, how of these songs be cooked? Like I cook 'em off and then I just send 'em off.


I send 'em off and like, shit. J be it just great chemistry. I, I know what D Drake would get on, you know what I'm saying? I know what the trap would get on so I just tap in and shit like that when I sit on in the booth. You wrote any, you wrote any songs with any RRP Artist? I wanna say the biggest one we did was Ape Shit with Jay-Z and, and, and Beyonce for sure. Yeah. Yeah. That was Light changer too. For real. Set that up. Yeah. No, I would love to write for like r and b artists and get in that bag for sure. 2010s, 2010 was was a great year. It was the introduction of basically the rap scene in Atlanta. You know, I remember, I remember not too long ago, you know, I followed, you posted a picture, you take Offset Quan and Thug when Thug was going to a situation.


Looking back now, bro, a a lot has changed. I know me growing up, I, a lot of people that I wish was here with me now and the plans we had, everybody didn't make, you know what I'm saying? Some niggas didn't stay down. Some of 'em went the bullshit route, you know what I'm saying? To be here to now and seeing where it started and you here now, any reflection, What? I'm still trying a lot of change. There's a lot of that change And I just look back and just, I, I can only just thank God, you know what I'm saying? And just thank God that I'm still here and just thank God for keeping my antennas connected. Yeah. You know, allowing me to do stuff like the Rocky Foundation. 'cause if I can erase it, if I can go back, you know what I'm going back to do.


So Yeah, no question. It is just, I'm just trying to still figure out the, this, this formula, this answer, you know what I'm saying? That what, what God want me to do and what my, what my nephew want me to do. I feel like before he, he left, we used to talk about like stuff like, like him, like us going, going to different worlds and like tapping into like frequencies and energy. So like before he, before he was gone, I already knew like, damn, he finna be up there really putting one in for me, you feel me? So now I gotta like, I gotta keep my antennas clean. I can't be going too crazy, getting too drunk.


Can't, you know what I'm saying? You gotta, 'cause when you go to sleep, sleep you processing all this stuff. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He come to you in your dreams. He, you know, so I just wanna make sure I'm, I'm more, I'm, I'm super clear and sometimes people be in the way of that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Your buddies, your partners and if, if they can't, you know, try to plug in the same way you trying to plug in. It ain't no smoke. We just gotta go on different paths. I will bring you to the top. Just let me go off and go vent, fend for the team. I'm gonna come back and grab the squad regardless. I can't never look at you, I'll never look at you on the side of no road and not do nothing for you. Right. It's, you know what I'm saying? So we gotta allow that space, you know what I'm saying?


And that's what I, and that's where I'm at and it feel, it feel great 'cause bro, I, I was, you know what I'm saying, like every night, you know, crying, trying to figure out why this even happened and now I'm like, okay, I'm, I'm, I see why and I'm and I'm in it And I gotta stay in it. And, and it's time to, you know, it's time to take charge. You in it for a reason, bro. I was about to say almost three years now. I lost my little brother and my little sister two months apart. Damn. So it ain't gonna never get easy, but you got That's our motivation to keep pushing. Yeah. And let me say this too, 'cause I'm older than you bro. Don't ever hesitate to cry. Yeah. Because that's the only way we can show people that we love that's not here.


Yeah. To show 'em the way we love 'em in the physical. Yeah. It's by dropping. You know what I'm saying? So I just, I I see the strength in you And I see you pushing for bro. That's why I'm so admired by it. That's why I I I love talking to you. Love being around you because a lot of people don't have that natural strength to keep pushing on. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? With everything that's on them. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? So you, you doing something that a lot of people are not built to do, bro. So understand you different and you here for a reason, man. Appreciate. Yes sir. Let's talk about some of the Migos most iconic moments. Try this being no shot of y'all out on Bad and Bougie. The best song ever after winning the Globe. Golden Globe War in Atlanta. How big was that? Man? Crazy. Our song was, I wanna say number three or number two.


And when that man got on that golden goal over, Oh it took off. Oh We just, we just needed that last little extra push on that rocking that thing made it number one. But Charles Gambino, he from, he from Stone Mountain, he from Georgia, he from Atlanta, he from, we said the north, but he always been a student of the game bro. And he always like kept us in the loop. Like he used to always just pull up, come to the studio and just soak it up and just so like the skits for Atlanta, like, I don't know man. I just think like we, his formula to his whole setup, but in a good way, you Know what I'm saying? The first season in Atlanta, y'all was the first rappers in it. Exactly. Exactly.


So I'm, I'm just proud to just be a part of this whole flex man man. He, he keep it real and keep it solid. Look at my dab. Mm. 40 million views on 40 million views on the music video. Ask my daughter over. I I be in the car home And I, I'm still d still dab the dab Daddy. How you, how you feel about that. Even with Cam Newton made a famous Man, I don love the dab. I just feel like we should have just, That's o everybody OGD Though Dab or something. That's OGD. Yeah. Lot People don't know that For sure. Overly, Overly lot know that. But dad, the dad was always just drip. So when we said look at my dad, it was like, look at my drip, look at my swag. And we, we was on the stage us this like the first QC group, us, Jose, Guapo, flipper, even Duke, N-P-A-Y-L Duke, we used to be on stage and like we all had Emmy Smith was the song that Emmett Smith and fuck the rap game was the song that we started like dabbing.


But we were all just dropped one time at the same time. So everybody Yeah You feel me? And so they was just like, what? That is like man, we going dab what? Look at, you know what I'm saying? So it was just like, it's the swag and so shit just went goddamn damn nuts. And man, I wish I would've made them Christmas sweaters, like two chains shit with kids. Yeah. Like we were just so young and just rockstar out. It was just, we just dropping sauce and leaving. You see what I'm saying? And I think like dab is that you could have made some real money off bro. He got so bad where everybody, man, when they talk they Yeah. Yeah. It's a movement. Like that barrier shit when they be, I go, I go, I go like the high school movie.


I'm telling you my used do this shit all the time, dog. Mine was burned out with that shit. That's that lobby runner shit, man. Yeah. That's all lobby running a long way. Like you said Ma, all them boy, they been running that lobby, man. That's the lobby runner stuff, man. Straight It up. For sure. For sure. Anyone else we did name that you feel is like a new level of fame? Excuse me? Got To go risk a kid. Yeah. Got shout. That boy risk kid. He never gave up. Yeah, that motherfucker, he the real finesse king and his story is insane. He come from a bag though, don't he? No he don't. Hell no. Okay, okay. I thought one of them lived. One of 'em, I don't know if it Was Rich to kid or one of him because they say came from a bag. No. Rich from Haiti. Yeah. That boy came through with a skateboard just running around the city.


But how we met him, he got, damn, he said he had a whole, he said he had a whole deal and then had it. That nigga just was lying like a motherfucker. But I looked his shit up. He had more followers than us. Yeah. He had a blue check and that nigga had loads of beats. Yeah. So I'm like, man, bring your ass to the studio. And ever since then, he never left the basement. Yeah. And then he walked in, I walked him in, nigga gave him a deal. They gave Skipper. They gave Skipper a deal. So any, any one of my homeboys we walk in, they'll just give deals or give him money for JB and the partner. Now you got an album with Wayne, you feel what I'm saying? Oh God. Now you got album. Oh God. Now you got an album with Wayne and one with Kendrick.


Mm. Oh God. That's Crazy. When you sit back, obviously you're still young, but when you sit back and think, I think there's a lot of rappers, a lot of successful rappers, but y'all elevated from rappers to rock stars. Like when you sit back and kind of Beatles think, have you been able to kind of sit back and, and, and process with everything else going on? Just where you guys' space and history is? Yeah, I think I really had a lot of times to reflect like, now, you know what I'm saying? Because I'm looking at the memories. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? My boys and looking at my boys, I'm like, why ain't nobody tell us we was on that right there. Mm. Like I felt like we was going so fast that if I felt like if someone would've just said, yo, you know, after you get a number one song, this what happens.


Or you know, after you get a number one album, this what happens or you know, after you do a tour this the way after you do the Drake stuff, this what happen. I think like we was running so fast that we didn't, I don't think we could, we couldn't hear that. Or I don't think nobody even just said like, y'all all three niggas coming before. You know what I'm saying? And I, me looking back at that, that's what I feel like I, I don't regret it. I just feel like we should have just locked in so we can sustain what we was going. We only did culture three. We only did three albums, you know what I'm saying? And I just felt like it, it, it was more to the guys. Mm. You know what I'm saying?


Still more to the guys. We got a lot of shit in the ball. But I'm just saying like, I want, I want that shit here. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Are you in a good space right now to work on music? Oh Hell yeah. This shit sounding, this shit sound good. It's feeling good. No, for real. I I, yeah. It sounded great. In 20 years when you look back and you guys are inducted into maybe, hopefully it won't be that long into the rock and roll or the, the, was it the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? The Rat Hall of, what do you want people to know about your group? The Be Ghosts? What do you want them to say about your group? What message? The boys was hungry. Them boys really came from nothing. Them boys keep God first. You know, I always going, I always going keep, I always gonna keep the rocket alive.


We wouldn't even be here if it weren't for the Rocket. We love albums and just trendsetters. Boy them boys came through and changed the game and only, and we only needed three albums. Crazy. You know what I'm saying? Pete don't really think about, I didn't really think about it till you said it. Really Only three albums. Yeah. Quick, Curt, first thing to come to mind, let us know One album you can listen to with no Skips. I'm on my young nigga Wave. I'm going Ken Carson, I'm going Ken Carson. Top five Atlanta Athletes of all time. MM. Five Atlanta. Yeah. Before, before you answer that, tell me how you got the title for your album that you finna drop. Satchmo All Satchmo was just like, like my renaissance shit. Renaissance man.


They can do everything. Multiple hats. The Trent set the hook guide, the Hook King, the Chrome guide. Don't forget where his flavor came from. And then at the same time, life of course. Okay. Satch is my favorite movie. And you know Claude and Ray, it is kind of like play tape call Satchmo, you know what I'm saying? So we just always just had that vision and when we be playing and shit we see it like how race all the boom boom room. So You vision. Yeah, I feel like that's a black thing. Like do our ideas. We see that shit like that before we even got there. So that's how I feel like s that's what I feel about Sach now. Top five athletes of all time. Top five athletes. Atlanta. Atlanta. Atlanta. Yeah. Top five Atlanta.


Shit nigga might get on me about that. I gotta go Cam Newton gotta put Dwight in there. Head hall of famer. Them Two Gotta go. Josh. Josh Smith. How was just with Josh last night? Gotta Go to North side. Legend Lou Will. Lou will he came from outside and Quay Quay. Yeah. Greatest Top Talk about Yes sir. Mj Kobe bro. Rank him Shit. Gotta do bro. Bro. First How old are you? I'm 34. That answer totally LeBron First. No, I like to, yeah, I like to see. Yeah LeBron First Just a heavy second.


I go Kobe Second. Ain't nothing wrong with it. I Go Kobe second. Second on my list too. And MJ third only because 96, I was born in 91. You know how like I didn't get the, I didn't understand You didn't see that? Yeah. You feel me to what you see. But when I watched the clips I understand why y'all calling. It was the only skilled guy that was doing everything. But like if you put him a bunch of whole, like if everybody, I don't think he do the same thing. You Put Jordan in the league now he's gonna average his 45. I Don't think so. Yeah he would. I don't think so. Everybody do the same. We all, they all eat. You got shape, like all of 'em eat the rules. Yeah, But you can't touch Mj. Oh you can't touch him now? Nah, Imagine can't touch him. I'm tripping. He fought through all his points.


Yeah, But I never, I'm sorry black number two Don't Kill, I don't kill him black. No. Two. I go LeBron first, black second and then Kobe third long live Kobe man. For real Rest in peace. The homie Charlie Crush Sierra. Hey she was cold. Oh Everybody had one was Monica. So everybody had one around that time. Yeah. And I was from Atlanta. Yeah. If it was one guest you could see on our show, who would it be? But you have to help us get your answer on the show. You Said what? Say it one more time. You guys Do it one more time that sometimes get confused. Who would you like to see on our show? But you gotta help us get 'em on the show. Who you think would be a good guess.


It only took us four years to get you. Come on man. Go on. Tell Wham to pull up man. Oh y'all Want Wham. That's it. Yeah. Tell Wham to pull up man. Go Wham. I say Go thug. That's Spider. No, that's even better. No spider. You Gotta make the call. We back, We Back around so we cool. So he might do my Boy we Business. Yeah, that's My boy. Yes Sir. We'll be back outta here for Major League ba. The baseball All Star in July. Yeah, I'm playing in that. Are you the Celebrity sophomore game? That's dope. I'm playing in Mookie Bets. Got a game on Juneteenth at Dodgers Stadium. I'm playing in before we get outta here. Bring it back to the eight. I'm glad we missed all year. That Coach. It's gonna Be dope legends Scott.


The partnership and visits. Yes sir. Tell us about how Legends is in Legends. Does helps you with your, your youth league and and all your foundation. Shout stuff. Shout out to Legends. Shout out. Yeah, speak. Speak to speak to that partnership. And, and Scott Since day one, legends and Scott been, you know what I'm saying? Like my family, they came in and did all my honcho days. My honcho days is what my pride. I put a lot of my pride into, I, I kind of like chilled off this year, but it is more like about like bringing the community, putting everybody in my town, bringing all my, my guys. I think Stack came a year. We just, you know what I'm saying, just showing him that we all can be touched and felt and heard and reached, you know? And and Scott is the main one that, you know, makes, makes sure everything happened.


He drip my guys, he drip the team, he drip team Huncho, he drip anybody. I want him to drip, you know what I'm saying? Straight up keep he keep 'em straight. He keep 'em la he keep all the kids who come in the draft lacing legend and stuff. And his events. He throw crazy big events. Me and Matt, we threw one in LA at the Mamba Academy. Academy. Yeah. That was incredible. We need to run that back by the way. Let's do it. We had Floyd, Snoop, This nigga Snoop came in in the third quarter, third quarter, quarter. Played in the old school high top. Chuck Taylors came in and got like six points. That was the best one actually. Six rebounds and left. That was, that was the best. He only played like one quarter and he bounced.


Yeah. That shit was dope. They did that one and then I did another one out here right in, in Atlanta. Justin Bieber came. Yeah, bees was here. So like Legends is, Yeah, we do it. Yeah. We legends a funny story how we did it. So when Scott launched the brand, we were kind of thinking of faces of who could do what, who could do what. And I was just thinking young up and coming, who was in LA And I thought Kyle Uzma. So we pitched Kyle Uzma 'cause he was hot with the Lakers at the time and his business manager passed. I'm like, let's go get Quavo. And Scott's like Quavo Quavo. Exactly. The rapper when I walked in, when I walked in there, it was you Scott. Yeah. You said the same stuff you Yeah, we set, we set up a meeting at Capital Records. Yep. And we went and pitched them the whole idea of being the face of the brand. And we was locked in How long that is what, seven years Now? Seven years?


Yeah. Right, right. About right when I finished playing. Yep. Yeah, I'm ready. I'm ready for legends to go. Nike man. Let's go man. Let's Lock in. Let's big. That's how big it is. Let's go big. Yes sir. Well man, we appreciate your time. Thank you. Thank you. Excited to be here and get to the panel. That's a wrap. Quavo All The Smoke, all Of it. Yeah. Yes sir. So we here, before we get started, I want to say one more sense of more love to Mama Takeoff and, and Mama Honcho. And we love you, we love you guys praying for you guys. Quavo, Year Two, the Rocket Foundation. Talk to us a little bit about it. Obviously we know why we're here, but talk to us about the inspiration behind it and the ultimate goal of the foundation.


It's all powered by the rocket. You know what I'm saying? I don't say long led the rocket and we just, we just, I I'm just looking to be a vessel, you know what I'm saying? To my family and looking to prove and, and, and, and step with my chest up and my head held, head held high for my, for my nephew and just try to make change the best way I can. And that being said, I want to like camaraderie all the guys that's in the community that ever lost, like someone doing gun gun violence. You got somewhere to come to. You got somewhere to, you know, talk to somebody and you got some people that's gonna pull up front line with you. You know what I'm saying? So, and that's us. That's Rocket Foundation. Now obviously you being a superstar in this space, why was it important to use your voice, your platform, your resources?


You said you want to create a hub of your peers, rappers, athletes alike, to be able to use all of our voices together to hopefully help with this gun violence. But why was that just, what was the key to that and and what was it like also on a two part question, going to the White House, obviously you have a huge platform, you speak your mind, you use and your resources. But we know that to get real change, it has to be policy driven. You've been able to do that with your partner Greg. But tell us a little bit about that journey as well. It's a Tough journey, you know what I'm saying? But if you gonna do something about it, you gotta start with the, with the head. You gotta start at the top. So only, and, and you can't go the opposite way. You can't go the street way.


So I felt like being frontline the political way and just trying to get like change and policies and stuff going there, I feel like was, was a better approach. And I felt like we got a lot of stuff done and a lot of grants and stuff. But most importantly, like I'm just here just being an instrument for my, for my boy Tate, I'm, I'm definitely inspired by by what you doing in the Rocker foundation. A lot of y'all don't know that a George Floyd was like a close friend of mine And I was able to experience some things And I, I was able to lead the biggest civil rights, civil rights movement ever in history with 18 countries in all 50 states protests at the same time for my friend.


So what Quavo iss doing is something that everybody should take serious because you don't want to have to wait till you lose somebody to stand up and do what's right. Right? So what Quavo ISS doing right now is bigger. It is bigger than music. It's bigger than anything he's ever done because he's doing something that's that that, that that's bigger than him. So y'all pay attention to this and not just what we saying, but look, watch it. All of his actions and what he's doing, it's bigger than what we talking, Oh, cap Music. Let's touch on a little music. Tell some of these kids out here growing up, who inspired you musically Growing up who inspired me was Hot Boys Cash Money, of course that was like the foundation, you know what I'm saying?


And then once I got older as like a teenager, I started rocking out the futuristic wave. You know what I'm saying? I was, I was burnt out by the young la the J moneys, you know what I'm saying? The, the polo world. So we had came up with a group called Polo Club, you know what I'm saying? Before the Migos. So that was mainly my inspiration. Of course Gucci Man tip future, he was a little bit ahead of us and we would just look at them like rock stars when we gotta get there. Being, being that you from this era, you're from a TL, why you think it's so important that you continue to be involved with the youth and start these youth programs? 'cause it start with them. You know what I'm saying?


I'm wire in, I'm a young rich, you know what I'm saying? So it, I got to give back to my guys and, and it's important I give back to the youth, you know what I'm saying? I got my school foot high school football team in here. I got, which my Cousin, my cousin coaches, you know what I'm saying? Ba I got Honcho Elite in here, some of them guys in here, my Selma cell guy and, and like shit that, that sign, that Honcho signed, that came from Honcho Day. So it's important that I give back and just show 'em that, yeah, you can touch me even though this it get big. But we all come from nothing and we need each other.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now and app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try to meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund the home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC license in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM, where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bittle, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent, a resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing a certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys? It's actually a time machine log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S sip C. Full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


But also talk to us about Emini here. We were talking about in the back these programs that you're putting on these youth programs in the football space, the basketball space, the community events. That shit takes a lot of, it's a lot of hard work and it's tiring and obviously they just see the star you in moving around. But tell to us a little bit about what the process is of keeping these programs going and strong and getting kids opportunities. You're telling us you got kids going to college now, your first group was five years ago, so your freshman are now gonna be freshmen in college, Emini here. How proud does that make you and and what kind of work goes in behind that Man? Super proud. Well it take a lot of work and like I said, this is my first time so I ain't really know what I was doing. I was just doing what I love.


'cause I love the game And I wish I had a big brother that can, you know what I'm saying, help me out with some cleats or some shoes or some jerseys or whatnot. And it started becoming like a whole thing. So I'm just like, let's do it. We gonna go hunt your elite, but I gotta make sure I pay for everything, make sure I pay for, they travel, they food, they everything, everything, everything, everything. Even they off the field problems and stuff like that. But I look at myself like, 'cause I ain't, it was, it was tough for me too. It was tough for me and Mama. I kind of like missed the Mr the point where we moved to Gwinnett to a situation we ain't had no, you know what I'm saying, enough for me to play. So I always just, just looked at that like, okay, I gotta be here for these kids and do it for the youth, you know, do it for them.


Music obviously heavy sports background, but music became center stage. Talk to us about you and takeoffs early, just back and forth, musical passion, love and how gifted he was and how you said he just had one of them brains where he spoke everything into existence. He knew y'all was gonna be stars when you guys were teenagers. Oh God, we was 14 years old. It's a crazy story. But he think he was about 14. I had to be like 15 what? 17? 17? I'm 17, yeah. Okay. I'm three years old. I'm tripping. All right, so then we, we get pulled over by the police and I'm the police asking him what he do and he said, I'm a rapper At 14, he rapper at 14 years old and they was joking about it, but he was dead serious.


And that when I knew we was gonna be something, but at the same time he used to be like, yeah, you can have that sports stuff. I'm going to go to the booth and record. And he always knew songs left and right, you know what I'm saying? He always did everything in one take. That's how he got his name Takeoff, you know what I'm saying? Like we would do songs in one flow. Sometimes I mess up, mess up the whole song. He not messing up, he not skipping a beat. He walking And I just think like he just the youngest and a sponge and and a student of the game and know exactly what he wanted. He didn't have a plan B, he didn't play sports and he barely went to school, but he knew how to rap. Yeah. Yeah. That's my boy Rocky.


We was outside talking, but Stay in school. That's not good. Stay stay in school. Stay in stay. Yeah, We was talking outside about business and when, you know, we was talking about taking the guns and when your guns down and you was talking about you have to put something in the hands. You was talking about building a studio, showing 'em how to record. How important is it to say one thing but also give them something else to be positive and to go forward? Yeah, that's my dream. My dream goal is to like put community centers. The stuff that I had, like back then it was basketball and you know, after school programs, but now I'm thinking like bigger, like game systems, you know what I'm saying?


Streaming spots, coding place, you know what I'm saying? Places where people can learn how to make beats. Places where people can play the piano, learn, take piano lessons, just some extracurricular after school, you know what I'm saying? So my goal is to start, start there. I don I, I do wanna do the courts and stuff, but I think like kids got they route when it comes to sports I think like activities and learning how to be, you know, active in this world, in this new streaming world and you know, just doing classes like that. So that's my main goal right now that I wanna do for the youth. Obviously succeeded in music, but you've also been all over TV and, and in the movie screen, where does your passion from for acting come?


Just Jacks all trades, man. Just watching, watching tv, looking at, looking at stuff and being like, yeah, I can do that. Seeing if I can do it. And then once I get into that, into the field of it, I be like, okay, I wanna do it. You know, I don't never limit myself to nothing, to just being a rapper or just being a one sport athlete. I always try everything just so I can see what I really want to do. And it could be another career after you get done doing what you doing, you know what I'm saying? So that's why I always keep my arms and, and everything. Who are some of the bigger actors you got a chance to work with so far on? And I'm gonna put you on the spot. What was your favorite project you've worked on as far as acting?


I've been blessed to jump out there with the big guys. So I got John Travolta, Robert De Niro, damn, John Malkovich, queen Latifah. She was the first one who brought like emotion outta me and this, so I was just, I was just learn on set and just go wing it, you know what I'm saying? And I just, like I said, I was blessed to be around them And I'm just studying and being a student of the game. You Got a favorite project you've worked on? I saw you on Norcos. I couldn't believe, I was like, hold on. Favorite project. I got to say praise this. That's my favorite one. Yeah, you looked a little bit too natural on Norcos, Bro. Oh, Norcos was was fire too.


Narcos was great. Honcho Weekend, talk about it. Honcho down north. What we doing, what we doing Honcho down north, you know what I'm saying? We bring all the kids, like I said, we bring all the kids from the town, we bring all the athletes, all my celebrity friends, we host a game. We either do flag football or basketball depending on what the weather like. And we put, we get shuttles. If you don't got a ride, we get you picked up. We got booths, scholarship grants, we give out checks and we just have fun. And, and this year I just took a break because I've been mainly fo focused on the Rocket Summit and Rocket Foundation. But I promise next year we'll be back and it's gonna be another energy and we gonna be back the ball and a half of fun.


Talk about the album that's coming out, The album coming out this fall called Satchmo and I'm, I'm, I'm ready for it. You talked to us a little bit and, And I, And I asked, obviously with all the stuff that has gone on mentally you're in the right space right now, you feel like to really get out there and and, and jump back into the, into the music thing. Yeah, I'm ready. I'm always dropping hits every season, you know what I'm saying? So it ain't Stay Consistent. Well, you know, I gotta stay consistent and whether, whether I'm down or not, I still gotta feed my people and make sure I gotta lift somebody else up when they listen to my music. So I can't just be super owning myself and just being in a, in a shell, but like this the best I ever felt.


And I feel like it's going back to like the essence, but I feel that power And I feel the the power take and the stew And I can, I can hear 'em coming through me out the songs and it just feel, it, feel like, And I got all the other stuff out the way And I can see clear sometimes you gotta get a lot of things out the way to, you know, to move forward and go to the places you need to be young guys, you know what I'm saying? Some of your homeboys and stuff like that, y'all gotta figure stuff out sometimes you gotta do it by yourself to go up through there and then you ain't leaving them. You just gonna come back and get 'em and tell 'em this how I was trying to do it if you didn't see the vision. So I feel like this vision is going into this project Satchmo and I'm on one, I wanna talk to the youngsters that's here.


I just want to give y'all a quick message while we here. I know we talking to Qua and, and you know we here to honor the Rocket Foundation, but I want to give y'all just some, just some advice because I wouldn't be myself if I didn't one. Everything you need to be great. Everything you need to be great and successful is already in you, right? It's already in you. You don't need to look to social media. You don't need to look outside yourself or the mirror for somebody to tell you great for you to believe it. When you wake up every morning, you look in that mirror and tell yourself and believe you, great. That's all the affirmation you need when you looking for through social media and all and everywhere you looking for advice or positive stuff to look at.


Be careful of what you look at on the internet because everybody's not giving you positive advice and everybody's not leading you the right way. So be careful with what you watch and what you believe and what you listen to because it's a lot of people out here we call the blind leading the blind and it's a lot of people that don't wanna see you ahead or see you do better than them. So always believe in yourself and believe that the confidence you need to be great is already in you and you don't need nobody outside that mirror to tell you. Great. Appreciate you Overly As you continue to push through for gun violence, do we see in maybe 10 years you doing the next 10 years more political work?


Obviously you have a huge voice, a huge platform. When people like you put their heart and soul into projects like this, good things happen. With the success of this gun violence campaign and mission and foundation moving forward, can we expect more other projects in the similar space? I'm Just doing what God asked me to do. You know what I'm saying? He driving, I'm Jay riding, so you know, I'm, I'm, I'm here to just complete the mission. Like I said, I just want to be connected and keep my antennas, you know, clear so I can speak to my guy and, and, and just make sure what it is he want me to do is just, you know, push forward but it ain't in my control. And if it's on the desk and it, and it's in front of me, I'm open and I'm ready to go do it.


Love it. Alright, we're gonna take some questions now. Anybody got any questions for anybody up here, for Quavo, for myself, for Stack? Don't be scared. My name Andrew And I'm from, from, I'm from Cleveland Avenue. I wonder you got a young boy number. I'm saying nah, but I do, I do gotta know him. Yeah, y'all tell him about me. I'm bit Phantom And I wasn't No, no, that was my real question Bro. He said I ain't done. Hold on. Yeah, And I like your, that little studio you did with all set Takeoff and what's the other name? Oh, you, you, y'all, you grappling in that studio?


Yeah, I mess with that y'all. Thank you little bro, I appreciate you. Yes sir. Thank you little Bro. Anybody else? Anybody else? G we got you on the move G. Hey, My name is Brianna, I'm with the Comea Project and Sweet Soul. I'm gonna try to form as a, do you in the future, like see yourself changing, going more towards a message against anti-gun violence in your music. Like I feel like your voice, like he said, like that's, that's the biggest blessing that the most high gave you, you know, the money came from that. So do you see yourself using the original blessing as a way to also advocate for the exact thing that the Rocket Foundation is doing?


Yeah, And I feel like it's a 50 50 because I feel like I still got people around me or people that's came from nothing still living that, still going through that all the time every day. So it's kind of like, it's like I have to still let these people know what's going on. If I just go all the way left and don't let 'em know, then they, my guys won't be able to listen to me about what's going on out here outside for real. So I, I try to like, I try to like, I try to like split it. So I do, I do, you know, I do like country records and records with Lana and records with Luke Bryan And I, And I try to like, take it to another on a, on a country level, but like on a advocate side, I don't feel like I haven't checked that box with a record, but I think I should do a few.


I think, I think it'll work. That's a good question. Anybody else? We got time for a couple more. Hey y'all, I'm Ashley Johnson. I am the founder of the Street Widows Foundation. I'm from Louisville, Kentucky, but I lost my husband February 19th, 2020 in DeKalb County. He was shot and killed at a gas station. I also wanna raise up that he was the fourth person killed at that intersection in February of that year. My question is for you, Quavo, in your loss, when you had those feelings of vengeance of wanting to get revenge for or street justice for your loss, what did you do with that? What did you do with those feelings? I feel like a lot of our kids deal with that.


As a widow I dealt with that and especially like with your platform, how did you deal with those feelings? I'm still going through that. You know, and there ain't no timing on that, you know, it ain't no timing on any of that. You just ask for. So sometimes you can just be super patient and your revenge will come, or through God or your revenge will come through triumph and politics. Your, your revenge will come through going through the White House. Your revenge will come with passing these laws changing lives and other kids' lives. So like you, you just, you just gotta just sit in it and be ready for it. Your revenge gonna come. I want to touch on that too.


My brother was killed when I was six. My older brother was killed when I was 16. And at that age I was really in a different, I'm a totally different person now, but what the people who around me who I provided for, who depended on me, force me to not think that way. You know? So when you have responsibilities, when you have people relying on you, then that, that, that is, especially as a mother, I know you understand that you got other people relying, it's easy for you to make the right decisions and you not being selfless. So I can see you right now. I see you a strong black woman. I see you. I see, I know it's a lot of people that depend on you and you gotta make those decisions for those people that depend on you. And It's okay to feel that way, you know what I'm saying?


So you okay. You know, so you just, it's gonna come. Trust me. Thank You. We have One last question here. Okay. Hi, my name is Dr. Cynthia Williams and I'm a grief and trauma therapist. The biggest thing I kind wish that when we get in people get into this arena, we have so many youth around us, is just sharing that before they get to that anger spot, which takes them to wanna pick the gun up. How important is it that now that we've had to deal with that loss for you all was devastating for you as a family, but even myself being a mother who's buried a child finding that most people just don't talk about it enough, right? And therapy is so definitely needed, but the biggest thing is empowering everybody that touches the kid to make sure they have the therapy so that the kid knows how important it is for them to have it.


How has the mental health factor change for you? Your mom, your sister? Everybody has known we followed the story for so long, but are y'all really okay Emini here? That what I'm saying, we just, we going through it still. It's only the second year, you know, so it's still fresh and every day is in and out, you know, you know, it's, it is like we, we damn near some on these days like this, we really don't even want to pull up, you feel me? Because it's not fun, it's not great talking about this, you know what I'm saying? It's kind of like I said, I was there and this, this is my nephew and, and, and my responsibility is to make sure we all get home ever since I was a child and it just couldn't happen that way.


And, And I feel like when I come up here, I don't like it, you know, at all. So I'm still, I'm still in it, but like I said, like I'm not, I'm not, I'm not driving so I can't be acting out on me. So I gotta act, I gotta act for the folks And I gotta be here for my, for my, for my sisters and my, my niece and my nephew and my mama. So, And I gotta maintain the house. So you either going to lose it all or you going to act crazy. You gonna go, what? You know what I'm saying? Or you going to stand up and be a man and just stay in it? We all right? Yeah, I, I think, Sorry, we, I know we said that was the last question, but I got this young man here, probably the youngest person who wanted to ask a questions, so I couldn't say no, come on bro.


So please introduce yourself and you get the final question for the panel. I'm Lyric, I am 10 years old, my birthday is February 10th. And what about kids like me? I used to do protos and Yonkers And I work and rough riders. So what about more kids like me that do piano and drums? Well, we need to go in and get you in the studio, sir, with some big guys if we got to hear your sound. I like that. And you just gotta keep working And I think it's time to go, you know, so keep going at it. If you already edit, we gonna put you in a studio somewhere, my guy. I love it. Yes Sir. Thank you all.


Thank you for your questions, everyone. I think what I, I think at the end of the day, the Emini here from that question alone, you see there, there's interest, there's want, there just needs to be the resources. Emini here, we've touched on this before, we, you know, we're telling the youth to put the guns down, but what are we replacing the guns with? We need to replace the guns with opportunities, with resources. And that's why, you know, it was so important for us to come here today because that's exactly what this foundation is doing. So we want to thank everybody for coming out today, Quavo, you and your entire family. I know it's not easy. We've all lost people and, and the courage and the strength and, and the will to keep pushing. Like you said, it's day by day. There's no manual on how to grieve or the right or the wrong way to grieve.


So grieving your way, make sure you keep God first. We love everybody and thank you guys for coming out Today. Yes sir. Appreciate y'all


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats, cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big, big guys. It's actually a time machine log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S sip c full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod meets world. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stalk their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say Do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.