
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd, receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization, from festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Welcome back to All The Smoke Day two in our new building. Did, it's still pretty naked, but we just met with the designer this morning to get some final touches. It's, it's gonna come alive. Trust me, Jack, I was really excited about this one because one, first of all, I have a lot of respect for what he's done to this space and, and, and the longevity's had, but also I've been outwardly, what's the right word I can use? Critical. Critical. I like. There you go. We're we're, we're gonna, we're gonna roll. So that I could tell you're already finishing my sentences. I've been critical of, of sometimes some of his critiques, but you know me. Yep. I'm someone that wants to learn and have conversations about people that I may disagree with or, you know, stuff like that.


So before I pick my bone with you, Hmm. Mr. Bayless? Yes, sir. Sir, I want to really give you your flowers for what you've been able to do. I really got a chance to kind of study up on you and your journey, you with your family, and just kind of the way you grinded to the absolute top of this business. If there is a hall of fame for this, I'm sure you will be in it one day. But really just what you've meant and the inspiration. You've been to a lot of people. You know, you gave Jack his first opportunity and we'll talk about that in a little bit. But really just wanted to let you know, you know, now that you're officially kind of off tv, still in the game, but off tv, that we really appreciated everything you've done in this space, Honored by everything you just said.


Much respect for you and the man to your right. My God, I've been on TV with both of you And I'm looking forward to being in your space. Yeah. With both of you. And I hand flowers back to both of you because you have blazed a new trail and I'm in awe of it. And when I first heard about it, I thought interesting, because you both have wisdom and edge that you brought from many, many years of playing on the edge. And you brought it together here. It's a great pairing. And you broke through both of you.


And you are on the rise and rising and you haven't seen the top yet. And you should both be congratulated. Thank you. Because as players, you both had to fight your way up. That man went, where'd you go? Australia, Dominican. Where, where else? Venezuela. Yeah, right? Yep. Just to get to the league. Yep. And you did your G League time and then you both broke through in the league in different ways, in different places. And then you recreated here and th this is more successful than either of you ever were to me in the league. No Question. No Question. So congratulations.


Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate. And fire away. Let's get to, let's get to the shit. No. So obviously again, you know, you guys changed the dynamic with debate tv, but I felt like kinda like the last three years and where I kind of was outwardly, you know, critiquing as you would critique, was, I kind of felt it went from critiquing the game. It went poor play, shitty team to personal attacks. And two people in particular. I felt kind of, it, it it got personal at times was with Russell Westbrook and LeBron James. From your experience and, and understanding who you were, your role, how you really found your niche, and again, a a a sail to the top.


What at, at one point I felt like there was a line, again, it was critiquing 'cause that was the job. And then I felt like the line kind of got erased and it was more personal attacks. Can you kind of address your thinking during that and, and, and reasoning or the way you looked at It? Okay. Wanna we, we gotta go one at a time. Yeah. They're different situations and circumstances for both of those players. Do you wanna start with LeBron? Whoever you would like to. Okay. I say what I see, And I still believe to this moment, LeBron has been the most overprotected superstar in the history of the game. I I have thrown him many, many, many flowers when it's time to throw flowers, right?


I have constantly, consistently though, nobody wants to hear me do this, but I've said to this day, to this moment, he's still the best passer in basketball on a nightly basis. As I always say, watch, I, I watch every dribble of every game. He will take my breath away twice a game with a pass he'll make, where I'll say, that's just special. That's, that's a gift. He's a generational passer of the basketball. And I've said a thousand times sometimes to that man, he is easily the greatest driver of the basketball I've ever seen because he's ambidextrous at six, nine, whatever we give him now, two 60 ish.


And obviously an explosive athlete with the highest IQ in basketball. It's somewhere between him and magic with the highest IQ ever. To me, that's just me. And I know that's pretty subjective. I frame all this with the positivity and obviously what he's done off the court is stellar. It's not Ali. But, but in this day and age, it's close. We know all the racial social justice, what he just did with Kamala, but highest marks. Okay, so now we take this man who is the greatest score in the history of this game. And let's start with this by his standards, he's a poor three point shooter.


And by his standards, he's a pathetic free throw shooter at 74% for his career. Jordan was 84% magic bird there. 90 ish percent kd, 90 ish percent. There have been so many flame out moments for LeBron in his career. And remember on tv I was often thrown up against Shannon Sharp who loves LeBron, like a brother Emini here like, like a stalker, you know, truth, Right? Nah, that's a little scary. Emini here. It got a little scary for me sometimes. Well, Scary. Alright, but he's just proclaiming LeBron better than Jordan.


Well, I'm the biggest Jordan fan in his I'm with you. I'm with you, I'm with you, I'm with you. Thank you. I'm right there with you. Okay. Like I get goosebumps talking about Michael, Jeffrey Jordan. 'cause I got to know him. I was there in Chicago in 98 for the last dance season. Listen, this man is, he's in another universe, right to me from LeBron Bleep and James. Right? So if, if you're gonna compare them, I'm gonna say Jordan never had any epic fails and anything he did in the playoffs, even when they lost, when he didn't have Pip yet, he, he'd score 63 in overtime in Boston. And Larry Bird would say, I just saw God in sneakers. You know? Okay. Alright.


So, so that's the framework of what I'm doing. Again, do, do I hate LeBron? I I don't know LeBron. I'm, I'm actually happy. I don't, 'cause I'm afraid if I were around him very much, I think he's a really good guy. A really nice guy sometimes nice to a fault. 'cause I was around Jordan a lot. Not a nice guy all the time. Yeah, he was a bad MF man. Yeah. And, and, and he wore it on his sleeves. And when it was time to be a bad mf, he scared the hell out of the rest of the league. I don't think the LeBron scares the hell out of the rest of the league because I think they all really like him and he wants to be liked to a fault. Can you give us your reason behind the Westbrook situation?


Okay, so this runs deep for me. Oh, okay. There we go. And there is some personal here, I will admit. Okay. I was a Kevin Durant fan since he was at Texas. Okay? So I was on a show called Cold Pizza in 2004 in New York City. I start watching this kid from DC And I say, th this is something man, th this, this is gonna be revolutionary. He looks like he's seven feet tall and he's long, and he can shoot the hell out of it from mid-range Emini here, shoot the hell out of it. Like he's shooting little free throws. You know, like, it's just, it's gimmies where nobody can touch it because he's shooting it up so high that you, you tried to defend him.


Okay? Nothing I can do. Hey, there's no, you, you can try. What, what are you? 6, 8 6, okay. On a good day, okay? So you can go up as hard and as high as you go, don't matter right on time. You can time it perfectly. You can get as high, you can hit your apex of reach and if he goes up correctly, you got no shot, shot over the top because it's over you. And he's too damn good at what he does. And he, he works hard at it. And, and he shoots a billion shots. He's just one of those guys. He just loves to be in the gym. He's a gym rat and he loves to practice 15 feet, 14 feet, 13 feet, 17 feet matic.


So I'm watching him at Texas and, and he's already a man among boys and he's playing against some kids who are 20 years old, 21, 22. And I'm saying, wait a second. Th this is, this is going to revolutionize, right? So I start saying it on cold pizza. I'm on with Woody Page and Jay Crawford, they are laughing at me on the air. Like, stop it. It's way too soon. You're overreacting. Then we had Bill's cell phone coach at Kansas, obviously, and Jay Crawford, our moderators interviewing him. It's not on with us, it's just Jay and Bill. And Bill says, could, could I take a left turn here? I'm paraphrasing how he said it, but he said, I I just wanted you to tell Skip he's right about Kevin Durant because we can't deal with him.


Hmm. Kansas couldn't deal with Kevin Durant. Okay. So he winds up in Seattle, but then, okay, I'm from Oklahoma City. So they, he plays a year in Seattle, but they wind up in OKC. I never in my life could have imagined my hometown would have any pro sport, especially an NBA team of magnitude. 'cause they land in Oklahoma City and they got K and Russ and James. Are you kidding me? Right? You, you have three Hall of Famers there and you've got se I don't know, it's like you, you, you got deal with tough. It was tough you to deal with them. Tough. It was tough. Okay. So right away what happens is little brother starts taking more shots than Big Brother Russ starts taking more shots and he's A-U-C-L-A guy.


You're A-U-C-L-A guy. But I didn't see Russ coming at UCLA stayed for two years. And I watched him in the playoffs in the, the, the March Madness and finals, the, the NCAA finals or the Final four. And I could, I don't know if you did, but I couldn't see it coming. I didn't see this coming, right? No, because go back and look at what he, he was averaging like six or seven points coming Off the bench at Times. Just coming off the bench. I'm, I I could, he didn't even catch my eye. Right? It's Kevin Love and Coon, you know, like those A good team. It was a Good team. Okay. So night after night, I'm watching my Oklahoma City Thunder and Russell Westbrook is taking more shots.


I I can just go back and show you the numbers. He's taking more shots than Kevin Durant. I know Kevin's the most efficient score we've ever seen, but still I'm saying that's, that's not right. Right. And so I start to criticize Russ for taking more shots. This is now I'm on first take. And Kevin didn't like it because it was bad for their unity, you know, for their, their, their comradery for their chemistry because you can't, Even though you might've been right, okay, it was bad for the team, it Was bad for team. Everybody in the The World know that though. Okay? If Russ and Katie on the team, Katie should be taking more shots. That ain't no shot at Russ. It's just, we Just common sense. Alright, so, so Katie, one, one evening before a game, he calls over the reporter from the Oklahoman who covers the team and he says, I got something for you.


And he blasts me and they put it in the Oklahoman. And then I have to go on TV the next day and defend myself because Kevin said, skip doesn't know shit about basketball. And I'm like, yeah, I do. I I actually do. And what I'm saying is completely true and fair, Kevin. I'm your, I'm your biggest fan. How can you do this to me? Well, I didn't matter to Kevin, but Russ really, really mattered to Kevin. Right? He wasn't no division in the locker room. Okay. So God bless him 'cause you would've done that. You would've done that. Yeah. Because in the end, all that matters is that basketball. And remember Kevin chose to leave Russ, And I was told by somebody very close to Kevin Durant, the main reason he left OKC going into his 10th year, that was 10 years.


That's a long time he left because this was the quote I was told. He finally decided he'd never win with Russ as his primary decision maker because Russ is dribbling the ball up the court. And I, it's like Russ gets to choose every time near you. Near you because Kevin's usually just over there like, can I have it? Yeah, no, I'm going solo. And sometimes he'd get to the rim and slam it and you say, my God, that was spectacular. And sometimes the ball's flying into the ninth row and you're saying, poor Kevin Durant. And he finally said, you know what, you can shame me all. You wanna shame me, I'm going with those guys 'cause I'm gonna go get me a ring.


And did he not do that? Did he not rise and shine in two straight finals and take the finals over? I loved it because they knew Steph and Clay and Draymond and Steve Kerr knew full well they were not gonna beat LeBron and whoever was left with him. We didn't know about Kyrie at that point or Kevin Love, but, But there was no way that they were going to beat LeBron without Kevin and Kevin tilted the playing field man. He just like, like now they're, he's too good. It's not that Steph's too good or Clay's too good. Kevin, that guy you, you tried to guard and did a very, you you did the best job on him. Seriously. I've ever seen anybody do over, what was it, six games?


Yeah, It was six games. Okay. 'cause 'cause he's just gonna wear you out mentally and physically because you, you can give all you want. But that, that's the best I've ever seen anybody do on him. Yeah. Right. 'cause nobody can deal with it. Yeah, nobody, I agree with you on, on, on certain things too about LeBron and, and, and Clutch moments and the Russ situation. But you know, I, I don't see, I can see how some people take it personal to me. I'm, I think I'm Russ's biggest fan. I talk about Russ Moore than everybody. Yep. And you know, I'm high on bro too, but sometimes people gotta understand not to twist where they easily twist your words, but if they just look at the play and talk about the game, a lot of things you're saying are true. Yeah. A lot of things you say about 'em are true.


Because when you're talking about the game, when you're not making it personal, when it's about the game, you watch the game. A lot of players feel the same way. We think Bronch should take over sometimes in games. Like, I remember one game, he passed it to Kyle Corver he did for a three, you know what I'm saying? And I got a Instagram the same thing. Like, LeBron, you gotta take that shot. It's not a personal shot at him but me. If I was on that team, yeah. I would've told him, bro, take that shot. I don't care if I'm open. You gotta take that shot. Absolutely. So that's stuff you do be saying just for your, for your side. I agree with, because as a basketball player, you want those stars to make those plays. Okay. Do you have a photographic memory? You just fucking love it that much. You studied that much. I live This. I was, you were giving, you were given livid the night. Friday nights game three. I'm just like, dick time on The clock. You said, do you remember something?


I'm like, fuck no, I don't remember none of that Emini here. Jesus. He was on. I love it. That's a Emini here. That's, that's a half song down to a team, like I said, remembers it. Question Emini here. Obviously being in this space for such a long time, when did you realize that your words really started to carry weight and it really kind of, whether it was a positive or a negative, it, it, it really kind of had people talking. At what point in your career? I take what I do like crazy. Seriously. I'm, I'm obsessed with it to this moment. I'm more obsessed than ever as I just demonstrated. Yeah. But off camera, I don't think like that. Okay. Like I, I'm important or my words carry weight.


I don't know it, it started in 2004 at Cole Pizza when I would be shocked when Bill Self would take a detour on Live National TV and say, Hey, you're right, skip was right about Kevin Durant. Right. And, and I'm thinking, holy shit, Bill Self knew that I said that about Kevin. Right, right. That's interesting. Right, because I actually covered Bill when he was a coach at Illinois way back when. And I know him a little bit, but he's really good at what he does. I know they've had some issues and whatnot, but, but he's just really good. So if he said that he knows basketball and he knows that I know basketball. So, so that, that had gravity to me, that, that had foundation to me where I said, okay, people are listening, watching, taking me more seriously than I take myself because I'm just spilling.


'cause I'm a fan. Nobody loves the game You played more than I do. Nobody trust me on this. I I just spill it every night. I, like tonight, I already looked at the schedule I'm gonna watch. I like the thunder way more than I like the Westbrook Durant hardened thunder. They were hard to love for me just because Russ and then James. And it was just a lot Different personalities. Yeah. Hey, this thing, what they got going right now. Tough. Hey, tough. And if they got an unprotected pick next to right, they do. Is it the Clippers unprotected, they Yes. Yes They do. And I have been so hard over the last 20 years on white American centers being taken in the lottery.


Anybody seven foot and above, who's white and American. I can just show you chapter and verse. They're disasters. You know what they're, you know why, because they're classic. They're classic stiffs. They're all they got, all they got is that they're seven foot one. That's all they got. But they can't play basketball. I can do a whole long list of those. But the the one I got, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I just did on my podcast this week. Do you remember Myers Leonard? Oh, okay. Alright. So did you cross his path? Yeah. Okay. You did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That was the one where I got in trouble at ESPN for saying on draft day. 'cause the rumors were he was gonna go late lottery.


I said, no bad idea. Cheap really bad idea. And I used on the air, because he's white American now, if the Euro centers, you know how Joker, and we can just go on back to Valentino's and, and all the way back to Saboni dad and all those yo GSKi. So the, the point is that the white American sinners have been disasters until I saw this video, what, two years ago? Or this kid up in Minneapolis whose father played at Minnesota and was probably a white stiff at Minnesota. But this kid named Holmgren, he could jump like quick jump and he was long and like bean pole skinny, but but he could run.


Yes. Right. Emini here, he could run. And he shot is textbook pure stroke. Like, like pretty stroke. Like you couldn't teach your kid to shoot it much better. And he strokes it from three and he shoots it like he means it with conviction. And I'm saying, hey, that, that kid can play and the thunder wind up with him and listen, he's off to it. Oh, ripple. He's incredible. And start this year. 'cause he went to joker the, the on opening night Inden busted his ass and busted his ass. Yes he did. We had a debate Yesterday. He did a number on it With, you know, Emini here as great as Weby is. And obviously we don't know the future, but we had a debate with Kendrick Perkins and can you possibly see Chet being just as good if not better than Weby?


And, and obviously they both have long, great career, long career to your Very but talented but Outplayed Wim the other night. Yes. And then Weby plays at Utah last night and they have to win a game and marking and didn't play. And Weby puts up five where he's got five steal than five s on a better team. Check out a better team. Well, obviously well Emini here and yet, you know, I'm gonna do this with you just real quick. As you know, I've long been a Spurs fan back to George Gervin because his finger rolls and all his magic at the basket. It just, I was mesmerized by the iceman, but I, I can't wrap my arms around Pop.


I just can't, you had your issues. He's just like Belichick. I think Pop was in large part a product of Tim Bleep and Duncan because Timmy was such a great locker room leader like Brady was. That pop could be old school, tough and you know, hard ass and all that, like Belichick. But Tim would tell everybody, it's cool, it's alright, it's cool. Just, just, just, just tune it out or what, whatever. We're gonna win a whole bunch of games. And obviously Edmondo and Tony. But once, remember Pop used to say, when Timmy walks out that door, I will be right behind him. Well, guess what ladies, gentlemen, that was eight years ago and Pops signed for another three years because that was bullshit.


That's what that was. Right? And people swallowed that bullshit from Pop. And ever since Timmy walked out that door, show me what Pop has done. Do, do you see the Goat coach? Because I, I don't see it. And with Wim last year he ran away with the Blocks lead. He crushed Chet in blocks last year and he was obviously by the end of the year, he was extraordinary. And they only won 22 games and they're not off to a great start this year. And you say Chet's got another, a better team. Sure he does. Yep. Emini here. They're just loaded. They're, they're like 10 deep. But the Spurs have some talent on that team And I don't see it reach any fruition.


And I'm wondering how long's the honeymoon for pop? Mm Right. Well, what I will say about that is if you look at the coaching staff And I was there with Mike Brown and, and Coach Bud, they both went off to have great careers and great coaches in eBay to this day. Okay. So I would say Pop is not a great basketball coach. Good. I'm with You. He's he's a great leader of men. All right. Because for me, you are gonna take some heat for that shit. But that's fine. That's okay. I that's fine because, because he had great coaches up under him. I think Pop is a great leader of men, you know what I'm saying? Putting guys in the right position. Perfect example. I would say this, if I didn't go to San Antonio at the beginning of my career, I wouldn't have learned how to be a professional. I understand. I wouldn't learn how to be a pro. I appreciate that. I wouldn't learn how to prepare.


And that's what Pop does. Okay. He, he, he, he, he brings, he makes everybody buy into a championship idea what should happen, what a championship team and organization should look like. And he, he brings the right pieces around. That's why he had Mike Brown, that's why he had Bud News, why he had PJ Carimo all these guys. He even brought Sam Presty in. He did. And I, he did what Sam Presty iss doing in O kc. So he's good at bringing the right people around. Okay. And leading men together to be Were you afraid of him? Not at all. I'm not afraid of nothing but God. Okay. I I was not afraid of him because Most guys were Afraid. And I challenged him a lot. I challenged you him a lot because a lot of the things he was doing, it wasn't because I wasn't a good basketball player. He was trying to, he was trying to make me a mature man.


Right. Being in games and, and, and mad 'cause I didn't get the ball or something like that. And arguing with my teammate, that wasn't the, that wasn't the winning way in San Antonio. So he was trying to raise me as a man. I didn't understand it at the time. Okay. I thought he was just being just picking on me. But, But you fired back at him enough times. He finally said, that's enough. I had enough. Yeah. Yep, yep. Well actually, you know, he didn't gimme my big contract after won the championship. That was his way of saying, I'm in control. You know what I'm saying? So things like that, that that'll bother you with pop. But as a leader, I don't think you're gonna find a better leader. Fair enough. I appreciate that.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Head over to nfl shop.com for the largest collection of officially licensed gear from all your favorite brands. NFL Shop is your ultimate gifting destination For Jerseys, t-shirts, headwear and more. Take your game day style to the next level. With the best selection of NFL Gear Anywhere Show off your team pride this holiday season with Styles Fit for the whole family to shop now. Go to NFL shop.com


This Christmas. So you're her, right? You're the boxer experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout crowd pleaser. I've Been trained for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man get. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only in theaters everywhere Christmas Day.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to travel The World in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event, or access to luxurious wellness retreats. You can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. SkyMiles experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/sky miles experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Now a Sky Miles member, it's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today terms apply.


RC Bufort you played around and under him as the GM of that team. Yep. I'm gonna remind everybody, RC Bufort did not play basketball. He was a walk-on college football player at Oklahoma State and he talked Larry Brown at Kansas and did letting him be a gopher on their basketball staff. I don't even know how that started, but it did. And that led to one thing after another. And he winds up in San Antonio and you can make a case. He was the greatest builder of a dynasty we've ever seen because he, it's pretty easy to take Tim Duncan, but it wasn't easy to take Tony Parker at the end of the first round. And it was definitely not easy to steal Manu Gen at the bottom of the draft.


Yep. Right? Yep. And it was not easy to go steal Kawhi Leonard from Indiana for George Hill. Remember? It was basically that was the trade. Yep. Was George Hill and, and the 17th pick. And you get Kawhi. Really? You you got Kawhi Leonard. That's how you build a diocese. So was not, was pop not blessed to have RC Buford. Right. Okay. So it all came together. But ever since Timmy walked out that door, I'm not seeing a whole lot from him. Mm. I'm not seeing special. Where there'll be a night I'll be watching Weby and I'll say, you know what they, they got something cooking here. You know, 'cause the strategically they know how to play defense or whatever.


I don't see any defensive commitment. And Weby is still taking way too many threes. He's shooting 23% from three and he's got a beautiful stroke. But it's just like work. He's seven, freaking four are really seven four. I I don't want him just standing out there all the time taking eight threes a game. He took 13 last night at Utah and made four of 'em. Way to go. Well what, What, what, what a lot of what pop lacked Tim Duncan picked up on, like you said. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? A lot. A lot of stuff like they worked hand in hand. So, you know, he's, it is definitely, everybody knew it wasn't gonna be the same once Tim walked out that door, we all knew that You were in that room with him. Was he not as as powerful a quiet force as there ever was?


By Far Yeah, by Far. He ran, he Ran everything Because he didn't say a whole lot. You just knew. Yep. And he, he set that tone that you had that he, he demanded that respect. You know what Emini here. And I think that's why they had so much success. Because if you got that respect at the top, it's gonna trickle down and everybody's gonna buy in. Yeah. I've been to a lot of organizations where you never know who the owner is one. Mm And no. And everybody's not buying in. You got coaches with their own way of doing things. You got coaches talking behind each other's back. That don't happen in San Antonio. Everybody's buying in on the same page. That's the only way you have that much success. Okay. You said it, I didn't, you said not a great basketball coach, right? No, he's a great leader though. Your point about leader Of strong bringing, but he's why he, he's not a great basketball coach.


He's a leader. 'cause he might, he comes from a military background. Am I right or wrong? Pop comes from him. So that alone, being able to put people in the right place and to lead guys and like, that's not easy as you think. He's not a ex, that's why he had Bud. That's why you see the coaches that lead from him or Ima you dope. All these coaches that leave him become great coaches on their own because they were great coaches under him. You know what I'm saying? He was just leading him and putting him in the right position. That's a good quality to have. Absolutely. Yeah. He's a great leader. Probably the best leader. Who was the Strongest coach you played for the most powerful force in the locker room? Somebody you really looked up to? Phil Jackson. Really quiet though quietly, but I only got a year of him And I got it.


The end, the end of his run. Which year was it? 10 or 11? 11. Okay. 11. Where he announced he had cancer and he was gonna step away from the game. But the aura of his and his presence was strong. You know what Emini here, we And I came in the year they had just won tune. We were going for a three P and not, you know, hurt myself and towards the end of the playoffs. But the trust he instilled in you, if he puts you out there, he trusts you. He's not gonna be a coach. You know, Emini here, we know he's not up there screaming and doing all kinds of shit. When he puts the guys out there, he trusts them and he allows you to play through mistakes and makes mistakes. And he wants you to figure it out on the court. And I really, well He is not a timeout call. Yeah. So I, I, I really, I really, you know, And I got a chance to play for, you know, a lot of good coaches. But I think Phil is the one that jumps to the top as far as, 'cause I'm really mental too, you know, I, I love the mental side of it.


Yeah, absolutely. When I tore my knee, he was calling me after the game. He was like, what'd you see out there? And I'm like, what the fuck? Who is this again? This is my coach asking me what I saw with Kobe and Big Drew and Pat. Really? So, yeah, it was interesting. Well, 'cause he respected your Yeah. Acumen. Yep. Your view, your knowledge, your eyes. Yeah. So did you ever challenge him? I didn't need there, there, there was no need to. Alright. We interviewing you. Skip. Don't Start that. No, no. I I I'll Just say I Don fascinated. No, I, I'll say the reason why I never, there was, there was never a need because the way he talked to Kobe set the tone. He wasn't going for Kobe shit and Kobe wasn't going for his shit. But the fact that he could say that to Kobe made everyone else just like, well shit, if he's gonna say that to Kobe, what the fuck do we outside Rip him in a book before the, Before you back, but in person and, and the way him and Ron, a test used to go at each other was hilarious.


Oh my God. They were talking real shit. Ron started talking about Phil's feet one time and how fucked up they were. And then we lost, well, go ahead. Well, 2007, what, what, what did you see in Stephen? A to give him a shot. Okay, we go way back before that. Okay. First time I laid eyes on Stephen A. Smith was at the United Center, the house that Michael built, 1998. I'm at the Chicago Tribune covering the Bulls. Philly was in town. Stephen a was covering, was it Larry Brown's team at that point? I think it was covering the Sixers for the Philadelphia Inquirer. And he came in the media room before the game and he was suited and booted, coat and tie.


Sports writers didn't wear coats and ties. And I was impressed because he was trying to send a message. I'm legit, I take this very seriously. I'm here to do a job and I'm dressing appropriately. He later told me that Larry Brown was the one who suggested, well why don't you, because I'm gonna wear a coat and tie you, you should wear one too. And Stephen, I didn't have coats and ties. And Larry I think hooked him up at a mall to, at a shop and a mall where he had some discount or something so that Stephen a could go buy enough suits to, to last through a road trip. So that impressed me. Then probably 2000 we're here in LA now.


But there was a network, pre FS one on that same fox lot, not too far from here called Fox Sports Net. And Jim Rome had an afternoon show, a TV show called The Last Word. And I don't know how this happened, but Fatefully, we got paired on a show with Jim as the Wingman. So Jim would sit in the middle, Stephen Al here, I'm over here. He would, Jim would throw up a topic and we'd start going at it. And right away I just liked him. And we clicked and connected off camera because he started to A, respect me and B, trust me in ways that me coming from Oklahoma City and him coming from Queens was a billion to one shot.


But we just clicked and we were both, we had newspaper hearts, sports, writer hearts. So we come from the same business. And he respected my ability to write And I definitely respected his ability to report. And all of a sudden Jim Romans saying, it's like watching a tennis match where he's just, his head's just on a swivel boom, boom, boom. And Stephen a would let me go hard at him and he's got a huge ego, bigger than my ego, which I love about him 'cause that's who he is and what he is that makes him Stephen A. Smith. I love that he called himself Steven A. Smith. That was just a cool name to me. 'cause Steve Smith, you know, it's not that great.


We know some Steve Smiths and it's okay, but, but you're not gonna be quite as big unless you're Steven A. Smith. Right. Smart branding. It was brilliant branding. But I could go hard at him in ways that there's no way he's gonna let anybody else go at him on camera, on air because he knew in the end I still had his back. And we can go hard about a basketball topic 'cause that was his forte. I'm football, basketball, whatever, but it's mostly basketball and it would be explosively great to watch. And we both knew it. And it wasn't like it was contrived, it was real, it was natural.


We just naturally disagreed on just about everything. So Jim got a contract snafu and left, and they wanted us to replace Jim with a show. PTI had just launched, it was maybe three or four months old, obviously on ESPN. So they wanted a PTI ESQUE show with Edge. That's how they proposed to us with Edge. And a producer who's still a close friend of mine. And Stephen a's named John Johnston, came up with the title Sports in Black and White. Okay. Mm. This is 2002. So we're, we're way ahead of our sort of time. And we did a pilot and we did it sort of PTI after just you two?


Yeah. Just the two of us going back and forth with a guest that we brought in just for the pilot. Ray Mancini, the boxer, George Greenberg ran the network, came flying outta the control room when we finished and said, I could put this on the air tonight. Mm. Okay. So we're, we're starting to talk to John about moving to LA and we're gonna launch this, this is a long time ago. This is 22 years ago. So this would've changed history. And it ran up the flagpole to the top, and I'm not gonna name names, but somebody way upstairs said no to Stephen A because he was just too edgy for them at that point. And I'm like, he's not edgy, it's just he's a showman.


He, he's, people don't take it that seriously. That like, they're not gonna overreact to it, that they'll love it because that's what you want. You, you want this kind of edge. I'm, I'm edgier than he is to, to all the questions you ask me because Stephen a doesn't take it quite as seriously as I do, but we're a great click. Okay. So I, so we got left at the altar on that one. So when I got to ESPN Cole Pizza, we started to overlap. He was doing, quite frankly, we were both based in New York, so we would be on each other's shows. And then his plug got pulled and then they took us up to Bristol and rebranded us. First take, we had about a three or four year run where Stephen a got pushed out the back door in Bristol Emini here.


They did not renew him. And I don't know, you'd have to ask him the real backstory, but he came out here to Fox Sports Radio and he was here for two years. And you can ask my wife about this, he would call me every day and say, can you get me back on the worldwide leader? And I would beat on every door in that building. You can ask 'em all. If I didn't just keep saying, what are we doing? This is ridiculous. He's gifted, he's a force. We gotta get him back here. And finally, I think it took two years, they, you know, imposed their will on him, you know, because he was too full of himself, I guess.


And made him sort of crawl back, if you will. And they let him ease back in on New York radio and writing for New York espn.com. I was just ashamed of it. But I kept fighting because then I was going solo on first take with the rotation of guest debaters. We had all kinds of people coming in, Jemele Hill, Michael Smith, and two Live stews. And Chris Broussard was in the mix. And we had all kinds of different people coming in. And we had a run in the Tebow season, which was 2011, where we just were just raiding through the roof. But at the end of that season, I told Jamie Horowitz, who was our showrunner, we, they, they would let us have Stephen a once a week for one segment at the top of the second hour.


And that was it, because he was still being punished or whatever. And I said, just get me him, I, the rotation's fine and our ratings are great, but I need him daily where I can wake up thinking I got him. Because that's where you don't lose any sleep because I got a new d you know, a new opponent, so to speak the next day. I wonder how he's gonna be, I wonder what this is gonna be. We got a whole new dynamic tomorrow. Wonder how that's gonna work. I wanted to be able to sleep peacefully because I had my man back. So to your question that, that's how we fought through that and finally got him back full time. And the rest is history.


What year, what Year did you guys reconnect and finally back Full-time? 2011. He became, at the very end, it was like we were, I went to the Super Bowl. It was the Brady, it was in Indianapolis. The Brady Giant second Super Bowl. So it was right in that week. That was the first time he came back on full-time. And we launched, we relaunched. Steven Knight said this, who knows why be, if Skip didn't put me on first take, I don't know. I just still, I look back at that time, you, you push him out the back door. No, seriously. Like it, it's, it's the dumbest thing ESPN has ever done in the history of ESPN. I know some dumb things have happened that was dumb.


They making up for it now. They taking care of him now. Okay, well good. Yeah. He deserves it. Yeah. Yeah. He's worth every penny Of it. And ain't he up, he up for more money. Right. He'll get it too. He deserve good. Deserve it. What do you have to say about people who feel like first take debate in hot take format was bad for sports Media? I don't have any respect for that because Yeah. Didn't kiss ass, huh? As our ass in The World as Stephen a would say, they can all kick rocks, right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I know we spawned a million imitators, but I, I already explained to you what we had. You wanna talk about rare chemistry? Yeah. I can't make it up. You can't make it up. I can't coach it. I can't teach it. I can say thank you God for it.


And that's all I can say. Yeah, thank you God, because we connected and they all tried and failed or whatever. Because if you don't know how to do it or you don't have any rapport with your debate partner, it will flop miserably and it'll be hard to watch and it will be contrived and tricked up and you, you have to have natural disagreement or it won't work because Yep. I'm not sure Stephen a really, really disagreed with a lot of what I said. He just, it just pissed him off that I was saying. Right, Right. You know, we would just irking. Right. It Would just like God As, as he would say, you get on my last nerves, you know, And I would get on his last nerve and we'd be off to the races.


He as opposed to Shannon, it was very different with Shannon, our, our chemistry. Because Stephen a would always say, you go first, you go first because he wants to do, do this, you know, Do his shit. Yeah. Yeah. He, the Character would sit back and listen to me because he knows I'm gonna prep harder than him. I got the photographic memory. So he's like, just spew, just go ahead and just, just regurgitate all over the table, you know, just vomit everywhere. Throw all your stuff out. And he would sit back classically greatest gift to gab I ever experienced arms folded and say, wait a second, did you Just say so and so is so-and-so?


And I'd say, yeah, I did what of it. And boom we go. But, but he would pick a little like part C of my a, b, c argument and, and jump all over it. And the control room is saying, what the hell are they doing because we've left the topic way behind and we're going way over here. Right. And magic is happening. Okay. I can't, I can't. Yeah. Teacher coach that way You were able to catch lightning in a bottle twice the magic you and Shannon had. How did, how did that partnership, it was just beautiful come apart or come Together on undisputed? I needed a new partner and Fatefully and fortunately near the end of my run was Stephen a there was a week in which Stephen And I had to go do something somewhere.


He was always gallivanting all around the country doing whatever he did, being Stephen A. Smith. And we tried Shannon Sharp, I think for three days. And I really liked him in a very different way than I loved Stephen a but I liked our clique and it was a whole different dynamic. 'cause he's outta your mold, obviously. He's in the Hall of fame. So now we had X player, we didn't have journalist journalists. Right. We had an ex-player journalist. We both are fitness obsessed. So we had that in common and he right away respected me. 'cause I'm like a workout addict. I just like it. I'm sorry, I apologize for it, but I'm, I'm crazed, but I just do it 'cause I like it.


And so does he. And he used to say to me, we're way more alike than people think. And I believe that's true. I'm coming out here because Jamie Horowitz. Do you guys know? I do? Yeah. Okay. So Jamie's here and they're struggling. They're gonna try to relaunch this FS one. And Jamie's point to me was, I, I just need you to come here or we're not gonna make it. And he had given me a start. Remember when we first went up to Bristol when it was still kind of cold pizza ish. We had four segments of show, but it was still that show they tried to launch in New York in 2004, which was a bad idea. But it was the idea of kind of a GMA Good Morning America of sports where it's loosely based on sports, but we'll have these four debate segments to spice it up and bring back the sports fans.


And what we found in when we got to Bristol was the only thing that rated in the whole show were the four, we'd have four spikes of show. 'cause that's all anybody cared about was the debate. They didn't care about the pet segments and the ballpark food segments and the cigar segments and all those segments. Nobody cared about that. Jamie was the one who took over a year before Stephen, a joined full time. And, and Jamie said, hell with all this I I'm gonna blow out what's left to cold pizza and we're gonna go all debate for two. It's a two hour show. Obviously there we're gonna go all debate for two full hours. And a lot of people in the hallway stopped me and said, this is career suicide for you and for Jamie.


It'll never work and the rest is history. So Jamie then came, he roundabout, he went to the Today Show, then he wound up here. So I felt like he gave me that show. He blew it out and sort of rebuilt it around me and the two hours of full-time debate. So it was up to us to select should, should we do a rotation like we did in the beginning. And we thought about it And I pushed hard for Shannon because he works hard, he prepares hard and he shows up for work on time and loved to compete with me. Well I can't make that up. Maybe it's not as magical as the Stephen a kind of chemistry, but from day one it flew and it took off.


And to your point, And I appreciate that. I got blessed twice because we, we took off. Yeah. I don't Emini here. I don't know the numbers at the time, time with first take and undisputed. But I would say from just a fan perspective, you guys were right there, if not above, like I said, I don't know the numbers, but the, the chemistry you and Shannon had kind of overshadowed whatever Stephen a was doing on ESPN. Well, I'll remind you, when I left First Take was still on ESPN two Two. Yep. Which has maybe a fifth of the eyeballs that regulars ESPN has. And as soon as we launched here, took a month, they moved from e the, they moved the show up to the big eyeballs to protect it because we were going to catch it and pass it.


Yeah, absolutely. Obviously great chemistry. You and Shannon had a great run. Any regrets on how that partnership ended? Yeah. For the show and any regrets on how the relationship ended? What did you think about the character Don Saay character? He didn't come on, he didn't come on the show during that with the black and Ma and the Durag and the Henderson and all that stuff When he first started it. Yeah. He didn't come on with that at first when he first got on the show. So when all that came about, what you think about that too. Okay. It's better for you guys to respond to that than me. But I was still very close with Steven a at that point. He did not love it. No. Yeah. Okay. And I defer to you. Nobody did. So we could, yeah, we leave it There.


Alright. But you know what, you talk about branding, you talk about Stephen A. Smith to be UNC was big for Uncle Shannon. And, and out of that which, which he, I think it went away. I don't, I don't remember him doing it much over the last couple of years. I don't think he ever did it. But whatever UNC stayed, shehe stayed. So it, it ended up being positive for him. It made me pretty uncomfortable from my seat. But look, yeah, you asked about regret. I just have one huge regret.


We weren't nearly as close as Stephen a And I were close, but I just wanted us to finish together on time. 'cause over the last year or so, I would watch what you guys have done here. I would watch what happens to me on Twitter now XI would watch what happens to my videos And I'd say the audience is starting to erode on linear, what they call linear TV shows. It's here, you guys were ahead of that curve and then right on time on that curve, and now I'm, I want to chase you guys. You know, I wanna do this because I saw it for about a year.


But I wanted Shannon And I, because I saw his podcast was starting to take hold when he was at Fox. I wanted us to finish together. And I don't know, as God is my witness, I'm not exactly sure what happened upstairs, but it fell all apart and he got pushed out. And I was blindsided and dumbfounded by that. And I don't like it to this day. And I'm not a regrets type. I don't look back and say, oh, if only, but that was one where it was just wrong. I, I didn't, that, that's not how I envisioned, because our contracts were concurrent. So I knew when mine was up, I wanted to go my separate way, but I wanted us to end the way it should have ended because man, we, we had seven really good years.


We had on just pure ratings, we had about five through the roof years. And that matters to me. You, you guys like, like you guys, I don't know if you ever have any spats or anything, or you disagree on things or whatever, but you, you're linked for life Now. The respect doesn't change though. Okay. We might disagree, but respect. Yeah, understand. But you're linked for life because you've been in this foxhole together and you've had all kinds of guests on here, and you had Kamala here, and it's big and you will look back. I don't, God only knows where it's gonna take all of us in the next 20 years, but 20 years, if God is good and you're still moving, you, you'll look back if, if you're not doing this anymore.


And you'll have a deep connection. And a deep connection. Okay. That's how I feel about Stephen and Shannon. We went to, I don't wanna say war, we went to battle together every day. And listen, Shannon just showed up for work, man. He, he, he came, he's extremely competitive. And I am crazy competitive. And so we went at it in different authentic ways than Stephen a And I did because Stephen a he takes it seriously, but there's showmanship involved with Stephen A that is fun to watch with Shannon. And I, trust me, it got seriously, you, you sat out there, I've, I've watched you prepare for a show, skip and my, my boy tell you right there.


It is intense watching Skip, prepare for a show. It's like, it's just as intense to get ready for a basketball game, bro. It's the super intense Well, that's my basketball game. Yeah. Yeah. Was it, was it? Thank you. Did it ever, because like I said, sometimes you got into some heated debates with him. Did it, did it ever feel personal? Did you ever walk away from the desk and like, damn, that hurt a little bit. Or damn, maybe I shouldn't have said that. Or I, I told him from day one. Yeah. I, I prep hard. I'm intense. I'm over intense, but as soon as that little red light goes off, I let it go, man. And I never take it home. And if, if you do, you tell me about it and let's sort it out. And we had some sit downs, so we would sort things out.


But, but he knew early on I always had his back. And that there's no need to, to, like, I always used to say on first take, my slogan was no punches pulled, but none thrown. You can't get to the point where you wanna throw, come on. You know, like, then, then nobody's wants to watch that. But they like genuine heat. And Shannon And I produced Genuine heat. Real Heat. Yes, sir. And I truly love him for that. Like tho those are magical moments to me where I look back, w we got into one time about Tom Brady, I didn't even know where it went. It just flew off the handle. And we did have to have a sit down after that one and we hugged, you know, like it's, it's okay.


But I think I Is that The one where you told him to put his glasses back On? Yes, because I remember that one. Because I thought, because now we're getting to Yeah. Punches thrown. Yeah. Right. Like, okay. Yeah. And by the way, if he threw one punch at me, yeah, that'd be the end of me. Right. That's like a poodle and a rot while you don't want them problems. Yeah. Okay. So I'm still not sure how it went there, because this stuff is so unscripted. You, you are in the middle of it. Like there's, there's kind of a quasi plan, you know, we kind of know what the top, the, the topical question is, but then it just create goes off over here. You guys just riff off each other. I don't know. You can't, half the stuff that's happened so far in the show, you couldn't have planned Right.


Because we're just vibing off each other. Right? Right. And with Shannon, I'm vibing and I'm, it's going here. And he, you asked me, is it personal between you and LeBron or Westbrook? After a while, I'm thinking, is it personal between Shannon and Brady? Because he just hated Tom Brady to me. And it got vitriolic, you know, where it started to get nasty, angry on the air. And I'm saying, And I like Barry. I don't know Barry, I've never met him before, but he's really good, you know, like he was, he was really good at what he did. I think it drove Shannon crazy. He's playing a position that's not even like a football position, you know, like it's, they protect him. So, so all these guys are playing football and you can really get hurt doing all these other things except kicker or punter.


But, but all these guys are doing this and they're running into each other the way humans should never run into each other. And, and here's this guy called the quarterback, and all the rules protect him. He can slide if he wants to and nobody can touch him. And Tom Brady's just standing back there patting the football ball, just throwing deadly accurate passes and just surgically carving people up. It won him seven Super Bowls. I think he should have won eight Super Bowls out of the 10. He played in Shannon's in the Hall of Fame, obviously. And I think there was some resentment of how can he be this great? 'cause he's not all that athletic and he can't run a lick, right? He can just speed read, process, poise under fire.


He, he took some shots. He, he would get hit occasionally, but in the end, it's like Wayne Gretzky and hockey. He's just playing this game above everybody else, right? And it's all finesse. It, it's, it's all, you know, he's, he's just operating on a higher plane than, than all these hockey goons down here running into each other. So was Brady. Well, I'm defending Brady and Shannon went crazy. And then at some point he's suggesting he's as good as Tom Brady, or was as good as Tom Brady at that point. Still was. He did not say that. Huh? He did not say that. Well, he, He did. That's how I interpreted. Oh no. Okay. Yeah, I would've been mad too. Put your glasses back on after you say some shit like that.


Okay. But nowhere close to Brady. I'm, I'm like Shannon. And I told him on the air, I said, this guy's in another echelon from everybody else who ever played, there's never been anything like this guy, what he achieved. And Shannon said, I'm in the hall. I said, I, I got it. And then he's really mad and he takes his classes off. Okay, what are we gonna do? Fight, because now you got me, you know, like, I, I can't win that one, but let's just cease and desist. Let's go on to the next topic because that's ridiculous. That's as close as we ever got to, you know, blown up. Eruption, explosion, skip. You do a hour cardio every day. You got, you got good footwork, you can move. Shannon hip's bad. He can't move. He just top heavy.


But have you ever seen a chihuahua and a pit bull? He just top heavy though. Like, he can't move. He's just top heavy. He can't move. Think you wanna see a chihuahua and a pit. He had hip surgery and all that. Skip do a hour cardio. He can move. You can stick and move. Skip. Okay. He couldn't catch me. Right. There You go. I know he couldn't catch me. There you go. But that MF is, He's strong. He's strong. He's rip big boy. Yeah, he's strong. It's a big boy now He's big, big boy and works hard at being a big boy. Yeah. And it's just hard to, okay, I can't compete with that. But it is funny, right before we launched, he, he would send me videos. He sent me a video of him in spin class.


So he is on the bike, just, just killing it, you know? And just dripping Emini here, like dripping wet and caption is, I'm, I'm gonna kick your ass. Mm. Like he's telling me, I'm gonna kick your ass. It's go time. And I showed my wife Ernestine, I said, I, I do this every day. Nothing. Like what? Really? I, I'm not, I'm not at all intimidated by that. So I laughed when I saw him. You're not gonna get me that way. You get me on tv. You got me, but you can't get me that way. There you go. So, I don't know, I, I could, maybe I could land a little jab here or Something. Yeah, stick and move. Stick and move. Stick and move. Don't let Jack get you fucked up.


Skip stick and move. Stick and move. Stick and move. Skip.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


This is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Head over to nfl shop.com for the largest collection of officially licensed gear from all your favorite brands. NFL Shop is your ultimate gifting destination. For Jerseys, t-shirts, headwear and more. Take your game day style to the next level. With the best selection of NFL Gear Anywhere, show off your team pride this holiday season with Styles Fit for the whole family. To shop now, go to nfl shop.com.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to travel The World in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event, or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure, and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/sky miles experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match. January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up, it's golf.


Let's go back early. Bringing early upbringing in Oklahoma City. Yeah, mom and dad owned and ran a barbecue spot. Yep. You a big barbecue guy. The Hickory House Never ate it after I was forced to all the way through high school. Never touched it after that. I had my fill And I can't even look at ribs anymore. And I got nothing against them, but I grew up on them. Seriously grew up on them. I got forced to work in that little hole in the wall, barbecue place on the south side of Oklahoma City, which is the wrong side of town. It was tough side. Every summer, every Christmas break. Every spring break, no questions asked. I'm working at the restaurant, I hated the restaurant.


I have a brother, two years younger who loved the restaurant and he became a big chef restaurant tour in Chicago and won the James Beard Award for best restaurant in America. And best chef in America, Obama. It's his favorite restaurant in Chicago called Topo Mpo Room. So my brother literally ate it up being in the restaurant And I despised it because I was sports obsessed and nobody in my family liked sports. So they couldn't understand why I wanted to play football, basketball, baseball. And my father, who never liked me and was a hard hardcore alcoholic, said, you're gonna learn this so you'll have something to do with your life.


And so I'm forced to do crap I don't like, which is preparation work, cutting up green peppers to put in the potato salad. And then every lunch and dinner rush I had to clean off the tables. Busboy. Yes sir. It's some nasty business when you're cleaning up after people. 'cause everybody's smoked. So it's just smoke and ashes and butts and it's barbecue, disgusting barbecue sauce and bones. And if you do that for a two hour lunch and then he says, take your lunch, you, you're not gonna be real keen on eating anything. Trust me. You know, especially barbecue. Right. So after a while and they did a good job and they, they did. It would come and go.


Sometimes we'd have a little money and sometimes we'd be bust 'cause that's the restaurant business. But that was my life. Mm. You still talk about your dad being a alcoholic, complicated relationship with your mother, with him being an alcoholic. Can you talk about that a little Bit? They both had alcohol issues very differently. My father was a functional alcoholic. He could wake up in the morning. I saw this every morning. He would march to the kitchen and he would pour himself a vodka and orange juice and just LP it. And then when we were coming home, if I worked the lunch and dinner, I'd have to ride home with him. I had no choice.


I don't know, you know, I nobody wore seat belts. I don't know how we made it. But functional, alcoholic, he would also take, always take a big cup, pla just a soft cup, fill it with half Coca-Cola. And then we'd go to the car and he'd pull the vodka from under the seat and fill it is a big gulp cup. Big gulp. Damn. And, and he's drinking this via straw all the way home. And I'm not even thinking, I don't know enough to know you're driving drunk. But he seemed to be able to function. That's the norm. He, the norm Mom slowly fell to the bottom of the bottle. But she was a fall down drunk where when she got drunk, she got silly sappy, lovey crazy.


Can't function drunk. And so I'm, I'm the oldest and I'm dealing with two of them. He left when I was 16, ran off with the woman three doors down, who was my mom's best friend. They, they eloped to Tulsa up the road from Oklahoma City. And I was kinda left running the household. But it was just tough on me because I was the first coming up. And you have to figure it out. You, you guys know what, you have to figure it out. You, you have to figure it Out. There's no playbook. Yep. You know, how do you do this? How do you survive? How do you do this? 'cause I got no guidance. The other, the good part was I had no rules. I had no curfew. I had no guidance. I could do anything I wanted.


And the weird part was when I turned 14, my mother made my father motorcycle buy me a motorcycle. And they weren't expensive. It was a Honda 90. Their tiniest like a Honda 90. They're tiny. It's like a sewing machine engine. And it'd go like 40 miles an hour. But she just said, I don't wanna take him anywhere anymore. He's, he wants to go to all these practices and all this stuff. Just get him, just, just get him out on my hair. Just give him the motorcycle. So I go down on my 14th birthday, I acce the test, made a hundred on the, the written test. And he takes me right to the Honda shop. And, and I'm, I'm off to the races and it's December the fourth and it's cold. I got a church league basketball game And I literally strapped onto the banana seat, my back, my basketball back and, and it's freezing cold.


And I'm going to first Christian Church to the gym to play basketball. And I was free man. And so that was fun where I could do whatever I wanted. But you, you, the problem with it is you can't trust anybody at home. Yeah. That's the problem. Yeah. Somewhat similar upbringing. My parents were functioning drug addicts And I saw a lot of abuse and violence and times where we had no money. And times we felt like we had a little bit of money. What'd your dad do? My dad was a butcher by day and sold drugs by night. Wow. And my mom was a stay at home mom that, Did he do well selling? He did. He did well enough to make ends meet. I wouldn't say well, but well enough. But you know, my mom, that was, I was born in eighties.


That was a cocaine phase and error and a lot of different things. So I just saw a lot at a young age. Where Were you in the packing order? I'm the oldest of three until same. Yeah. Until three years ago. I found out I have two older brothers. Aha. Everybody in the eighties, everybody was dealing and doing. There was nobody just dealing. Everybody was on. Everybody was on. But I say all that to say Emini here. I read when I was going through your stuff that, you know, And I was wondering if that was the, the reason your tough upbringing. Was that the reason why you chose not to have children? But me before you answer that on the flip side, I think I saw a lot. My mom was super mom and my dad and my relationships are great now. My mom passed in oh seven And I felt like when I lost my mom, I gained a dad.


And now we're great. And he's a great grandpa. That's Keith. Recently he did snorts teeth here. It's in, it's in, it's in his DNA bro. That's why I never fuck with heavy drugs. But I say all that to say like, I saw a lot of not what to do from my dad. My dad had now, now that we're closer. And he told me his upbringing And I understand he didn't know how to love, was no examples of loving. I wanted to beat the greatest father ever because I didn't feel like I had a dad there. Although he was there every single day. I just didn't feel like I had that connection with him. What was your reason for choosing not to have Children? I didn't want to turn into him. Mm. And I was afraid I would, 'cause I got his genetics and he tried rehab twice 'cause he was a veteran of the Air Force.


So he, we went to VA hospital to meet with psychiatrist twice. And the first time a female psychiatrist asked me as the oldest, do you drink alcohol? I was 13 ish maybe. No, no. Because he had forced me to drink alcohol when I was like four, five, and six. When they would throw parties at home for their little clique. And their party trick was to get their oldest son to come in and they would give him, gimme a hard something bourbon, you know, 'cause it's, it's just bitter Emini here. It's just, it's foul. It's like castor oil taste to me. So I would sip it and spit it out and they would all laugh. Didn't bother me at all. But it, it actually saved me because I'm thinking, I don't wanna do this.


What do you want that for? You put that in your mouth. Yeah. That's disgusting. So she said to me that day, you, you are doubly predisposed. You got double alcohol genes in you alcohol lick genes. So you better be careful. You better not start. So you Say, why do you do an hour of cardio? Because I've, I've channeled all that into that, whatever that obsession, compulsive behavior, obsessive compulsive, it all goes into this. So at least it's a positive addiction. Or I'm probably, I could go right down your dad's path or your mom's path. How instrumental as someone, myself, again, and we all probably had our own versions of, of childhood trauma at my age of 44 now, you know, seek counseling.


And, and my fiance is very instrumental on me kind of unpacking my childhood and learning how to not be a man. 'cause I feel like I've been a man for a long time. Just deal with shit different. Yeah. If you don't mind me asking, how, you know, know, obviously instrumental, has your wife been in that process for you? And do you seek outside help to kind of deal with some of the older shit? Or what is your way of kind of dealing With it? Sometimes she says maybe you should try, Maybe you Should. I don't. I feel like I'm good with it. Okay. That I've worked through it. I have to point this out and you guys can laugh at me if you want, but my saving grace in my life, what centered me and saved me was a black woman named Katie Bell Henderson.


And the reason I hate to bring it up is 'cause you guys probably dismiss it as, oh, it's like the help or it's plantation mentality. Trust me, it wasn't, she worked for my grandmother who was not a wealthy woman, but she traveled for her work. So Katie Bell ran her household for by day. 'cause she wasn't there a lot. So because my home life was such a wreck, I got left at my grandmother's a whole lot more than I wanted to get left at my grandmother's. And because of that, Katie Bell Henderson, a black woman born in near Birmingham, Alabama, but raised on the south side of Chicago.


So she was Chicago tough. She, she, she wasn't deep south. She was, she was more Chicago and you know Chicago, both of you do. Okay. So she saw what was happening and she was, she was my mother, you know, she just took over. And What age was this? Like five, six. Oh wow. Really? 7, 8, 9, 10. Okay. All all in there in my formative year. I don dunno know when you form Completely important years. That's Some four years in those right in there. It's Katie Bell taking over my life. She's my role model. She's my guidance counselor. And she was hard on me.


She was not afraid. It, it wasn't like she's playing like the old black lady, you know? Like that's, that's not how it was. She would treat me by the shoulders and shake me. She taught me the word hypocrite when I was seven years old, which I did not know. She said, you're being a hypocrite. Shake me. No. She would tell me the evils of alcohol. You can't start, just don't look. Look what, look what's going on. Right. It was all through my family. Right in front of you. Extended family. Don't start. Just don't, don't. And she taught me right and wrong. And I, I have good right and wrong in me. I, I have decent character. And it all came from that woman. I, I'm telling you as God is my witness, I would not be the same.


I would not be stable without what she brought into my life when it really mattered. And it also helped me. She had a granddaughter named Audrey who would come every summer and stay with her for three months of the summer from Chicago. So I got left over there. And so now I'm six, seven, and eight and I'm making up games in the backyard with Audrey my age from the south side of Chicago. You wanna talk about education? 'cause Oklahoma City was still segregated, but it's not deep south. It doesn't feel like, like wrong, bad, you know, like it's, that's not the, the sort of the mood of the city. And so for me, e even though it was segregated, I I, I got to interact with this black girl from, from Chicago.


This, this is gold man. Because I'm, I'm getting it. I'm feeling it. And the main thing Katie built taught me was we're, we're all the same. We're pieces of God, every one of us. Absolutely. You're that color, you're that color. I'm this color. Okay. Pieces of God. And if he can, he was just left in the oven a little longer, but go ahead. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, okay. Okay. It's okay. Said that's okay. Yeah. Alright. So final piece to my puzzle was my wife Ernestine, sitting across from us five years ago, she had a, what do you call him?


A shaman? A mystic. Okay. Named Joseph, a black man from New Orleans, living in New York City that she had connected with. And he really enlightened her over the phone. He could see things in her life that, that she was blown away by. So she said, just try it. I I said, I don't buy it. I, I'm, I'm not, I'm not there. She said, just, just open your mind up a little bit. This isn't like therapy. Just, just see what he has to say about your life and times. Maybe he'll give you just a tidbit that that will really open you up somehow. So I get on with Joseph, I don't know, it's kind of awkward. How do we start, what do we do?


He says, well, tell me what you wanna know from me. And I said, really nothing. So we're just going back and forth and it's, it's, it's, it's not, it, it's not cool. And all of a sudden Joseph says, and there's no way he could know any of this. He says, somebody wants to join us. And I'm like, stop it. You know, somebody wants to join us. And he said, yeah, it's a woman. And my first flash is, it's my mom. If, if you're buying into this, what we're doing, And I don't, I don't want to communicate with my mom, I'm good. I put that dressed in bed, God bless her. You know, like, I, I made peace with that. I don't need to redo all that. And he says, it's a black woman.


Mm. And I'm like, what? 'cause I, I, you know, we lost Katie Bill when I was in college. So, so it's been a long time, you know, since I really thought Emini here, she's in my heart, but I don't think about her on a daily basis. I said, Katie Bill. He says, yeah, it's Katie Bell. Wow. And she wants you to know how proud she is of you. I, that's the god's truth. She wants you to know how proud she's of you. Well, I, I just, I got tears in my eyes because of all the things that have ever happened in my whole life. Nothing from my father, my mother, even from Ernestine, my wife.


Nothing could mean as much as me being told whether you buy this or not. But, but it rang true at the moment. She wants you to know how proud she is of you. And I don't think Joseph could have had any idea because my wife barely knows about Katie Bell and all the details of it. So it's not like she could prep him, tee him up for this. That Was the spirits. Yeah. It it was, it was spiritual. It came from somewhere else. So that, that, when you say, do I need therapy? I, I got Katy Bell in my heart and you can laugh if you want, but that's to God's truth, man. Absolutely. Thank you for sharing that. Yeah. Emini here, obviously that was very personal. I appreciate you opening up and sharing that with us.


After college, you quickly became a star journalist Dallas Morning news columnist, the 26 years old. What are your, what are your best memories of covering the game as a youngin? Man, I had so many good ones. I've been so blessed. Well, you And I share something Mr. Jackson, a misguided love for the Dallas Cowboys. Yes. It's, and it's not misguided, you know, I, you know, it's, it's very Misguided. It's not misguided. We won a championship more recent than y'all. But we've been there enough. We Sniffed it. Y'all been there, but y'all lost. Yeah. Y'all haven't even Been close. So we counting losses now. Are we doing that again? No, I'm saying we put on the Yeah, We won the championship. More recent than y'all fact of fiction facts.


But y'all still suck. But go ahead, skip. It's not about you. They Don't like the facts though. They don't like the facts though. Hey, I'm being interviewed here. Thank you. Thank you. It was like a god thing. I wind up as the lead columnist of the Dallas Morning News Right on time for what was actually the beginning of the end of the Landry Dynasty. Yeah. And I got to live inside it. I got to know Roger Staubach really well. And those teams had huge star power. Yes. With Tony Dorsett, Charlie Waters and Cliff Harris. I don't know if it goes back a little before your time.


You're, you're kind of being molded as a cowboy. Diehard. Yep. I went to my first game when I was 10. My uncle in Dallas took me to the old Cotton Bowl to see the Cowboys play a team that was my favorite team at the time. 'cause it was the only team we could get on television in Oklahoma City was the then St. Louis Cardinals. They were a high flying offensive juggernaut. And so I wanted to see them play this cowboy expansion team. And of course I sit in my seat and within five minutes I'm looking down at those stars. They had 'em on the helmet and on the shoulder pads. And I'm saying falling in love. I want me some of that. Right. And then you're just, you're lost. You're, Who's the first player you fell in love?


First cowboy player that you attached to cowboys too, that you fell in love with? Mine was Bill Bates. Really? Yes. Oh, interesting. I knew him very Well. He was an animal. Well he is crazy. Emini here flying down the field on Yeah, that was my guy. Bill Bates was my guy. Okay. Well Staubach was my guy. Yeah. Yeah. Just because listen, I know he is before most of the times of the people who are watching our show right now. But Roger Staubach was it? Yeah. He was beyond Aikman. Beyond Don Meredith. He was the ultimate competitor. And speaking of basketball later after he retired back in my twenties, I played with and against him a lot of basketball.


And he was completely psycho as a basketball player. Really? Like, like crazy competitive. Would like scary crazy. Really like a good, crazy, I don't know. I don know if you wanna call it good one time, he wasn't good. He was just, I had a friend, you won't know this guy named Pat Tome, who's a great writer, played for the Cowboys as a defensive end. He was really good. It's it's before your time, but, but he was, he was a good basketball player and he is six six. So we, we used to play Roger two on two with a guy from his, his work. He, he's easing into his real estate career at that point. And one day we just beat the hell out of him 'cause Pat would come, set picks for me and Roger couldn't get to the pick 'cause he is a mountain of a man.


And I would just get off the pick and make shots. And it was driving Roger crazy. So he rescheduled another game against us and brought Cliff Harris. Do you remember Cliff Harris? It's again before your time, but he was Bill Bates before Bill Bates. And he was certifiably crazy. They called him crash because he had no scruples. You know, like he, he didn't care about his body. So Roger brought Cliff Harris to guard me, which is hitting a nat with a sledgehammer. Right. And, and that's what happened. You know, it was sledgehammer on Nat, but that was Roger because he's not gonna lose competitors to the sports writer, the Sports co he's just not gonna do it. Yeah. He he's gonna take me, Cliff's gonna take me out. Okay. So he, he was, I was in awe of him, but I had the blessing of just getting to know him in those teams.


So even before that, I was at the LA Times out here, right outta college And I was in the middle of stuff right and left that the Steve Garvey Dodgers were huge at that point with Ron say and David Lops. And they didn't like Steve Garvey and they didn't like his wife. So I, I got, they came to me and wanted me to write the story. So I, I was always in the middle. So like controversy found me a lot in my writing career And I don't know why, but I didn't run from it. I tackled it. They Embraced it. Favorite team to cover? Most favorite team to cover Of all time. Yes. 98 Bulls. Gosh. 98 Bulls Emini here last dance. I'm, I'm dancing man. I'm there. Yeah. Michael liked me and he didn't like many in the media, but I don't know why.


I think he liked me because I was my own guy. He was Straight shooter And I, I didn't care what anybody thought. And he got a kick outta me. And, and he opened to me and would call me if I left him a message, he would call me back and listen that championship run with that team, watching that stuff unfold. 'cause they, they went against Reggie's Pacers. Yeah. And, and it was a battle royal man. It was seven games with controversy just spilling right and left because Phil would get into it with the referees and, and it got the Reggie and Company. They forced it all the way to game seven. Chris Mullin was on that team. And the Davises and Everyth Schmitz.


Yeah. Dunking Dutch. They were, they were legit now. And Reggie was obviously a legit shooter score. Right. And they got it to game seven and then Michael said, no, not not in my house enough. So that was the end of that. But that's my favorite team by far. Which, Which player was your best interview? You think Your favorite interview? You know why I've been thinking about this? 'cause The World Series just ended Reggie Jackson. Mm. Yeah. Do you know, do you, do you, do you have a feel? Do you have, so I just got a chance we chance to meet him, to cut you off. I just got a chance to play in his celebrity softball game in Did you Oakland? It was the last game in the Coliseum last Sunday. Before that day. Oh wow. Huh. At the baseball game he played at he Oh yeah. The one, yeah. Did you Incredible. Just his energy, his aura, the passion he still speaks with.


Like, he was listen really cool game, his number. I said let's go golf. I'm did he, Did he? Yeah. Really? You should take him up On that. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. He's down in Orange County now. Really? Wow. Yep. Okay. M about their last name. He was coming off a game six at Yankee Stadium in which he had hit three straight runs on three straight pitches. Never seen anything like that. They're in Fort Lauderdale for spring training. The LA Times assigned me to do a big sit down if I could get him to sit down. And I'm a nobody kid reporter. I'm 24 ish four probably. And I caught him as he was entering on a Sunday morning before an afternoon game in Fort Lauderdale.


I, you know what, it was in Baltimore Emini here. It was Baltimore. It was in Miami because the Bal the Orioles were in Miami. So it was at their ballpark old municipal state in Miami. Anyway, I caught him, introduced myself and he couldn't have been nicer to me. And I don't know why. 'cause he was big. He, he, he was, 'cause baseball was way bigger than, than it is now. So he was N-F-L-N-B-A stature. He was liftoff, you know, he, he was the biggest name in sports 'cause he was always into it with his Billy Martin. And, and he said, let's do this. And he sat down in his locker And I just caught him. You know how we're all in moods.


And I caught him in a good mood and he just gushed me. And that man is brilliant about sports life. What, what's really happening. And I, I was just mesmerized. But I I, I got lost. I was just taking notes And I would get lost in what he was saying 'cause it was so pure to me. And it, it was so enlightening. And then I would see him occasionally 'cause I was in, in Dallas and he would come to play the Rangers at Old Arlington Stadium and he would always remember my name. And so he's my, that's my guy. And we, we had him on undisputed at least one time.


And I'm in awe of his presence. Yeah. Just his aura. You can feel it right. Without even saying anything. You can feel his energy. You wanna talk about a powerful human being. Oh God. To watch him swing and unleash The game we played in. I think Arod asked him a question of what he went through when he was playing. Yeah. And that went viral. He broke down Really? He really broke down and broke it. What he went through as A player. Yeah. We played at some charity softball game in Alabama at the first ballpark, what was it called? Dammit. Birmingham. Yeah, in Birmingham. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. In Birmingham. I watched it. Yeah. You had a quote saying, I made some money on tv. Now it's time to make my mark. You've obviously transitioned off of very successful linear journalistic career.


Yep. You're transferring over into this new form of sports media, I guess. It is. It's, it's, it's the new wave. What do you expect? How are you liking it? And, and have you kind of found your footing yet? I am More excited than I've ever been 'cause I'm challenged, like I've never been. You guys know this landscape way better than I do. And I'm serious. I'm, I'm like chasing you guys now. But I needed this, I wanted this. I know I can do it. We're taking baby steps. We're developing three other shows than my current podcast, which is solo podcast. Never even had a guest on it. But, but we've got three in the works and we're expanding and we're excited.


So I, it it's a brave new world and frontier again. I'm learning from you guys, I'm watching closely how you do it. It's been educational to see what scope you have here and how your crew operates and how this show operates. I'm learning and I'm starting fresh And I like it that I'm against all odds. 'cause that's when I'm at my best. I like that. Where do you think, you know, I always feel like, you know, in this space there, there's been a huge shift. Athletes' voices are more present than ever. Where do you feel the ESPNs and Fox kind of sit in this new era where I always feel like they'll be there, but if they're not necessarily the the, you have to be there now to be heard or be seen.


Yeah. Where do you kind of feel like traditional, or I hate to say old school, but almost old school-ish media sits compared to this new wave of Yeah. Digital media. I think you answered your question as you asked it because you guys voices are much more powerful. Your, your platforms are more powerful and visible than they used to be. And it's everywhere because of digital. So your voices can resonate and echo louder than they they used to. And it's a beautiful thing to watch. But is there still room for people who didn't play, who also have a different perspective on it? Sure.


There is. So do I think studio shows will go completely away? I hope not. I'm not gonna wood for my friends in the business, but this is the new way. And this, this is where you have to go if you're going to survive in this business. Wow.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Head over to nfl shop.com for the largest collection of officially licensed gear from all your favorite brands. NFL Shop is your ultimate gifting destination. For Jerseys, t-shirts, headwear and more. Take your game day style to the next level. With the best selection of NFL Gear Anywhere, show off your team pride this holiday season with Styles Fit for the whole family. To shop now, go to nfl shop.com.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to travel The World in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/skymile experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up, it's golf.


Just the other night we saw a huge meltdown by Dylan's Yankees in the fifth inning. They gave the Dodgers six outset inning and yeah. And, and gave them The World Series. Just thoughts on that series. I, I really thought Yankees had a sloppy season. I feel like very talented, but I think they're, you know, their sloppiness caught up to 'em. But I really feel like there's a lot of great baseball in this actual World series. Okay. Is that the Worst world series happening ever? Yes. I haven't gotten over the fifth inning of what became a closeout game that I did not see coming because it's five to nothing. Judge has found his stroke. Stroke. Yeah, he's escaped his slump.


It looked like he was back. It looked like they were back. Stanton was back, soda was back and it felt like they were taking charge. Here it comes. Yeah. And so I couldn't wait for more taping on Friday, but what was going to be tonight? A Friday night game six. Because it was gonna get really interesting, especially if somehow the Yankees could maintain the momentum and get it to a game seven, then we could talk all time classic and it's five to nothing and it felt like 50 to nothing to me because Garrett Cole looked, he was invincible, he was deal Yeah.


Me. He looked untouchable to me and he was so poised and so in command and control that I'm saying he might just go nine and just shut them out and do something that we hadn't seen since the days of my all time favorite baseball player, Bob Gibson of my old St. Louis Cardinals. Who would just shut you out in two hours and two minutes and you'd be the next game. Right. It's what we used to call a can of corn fly ball. It's as routine as it gets to Aaron Judge and he just muffs it because he took his eye off it for a split second. But it's something little kids don't do when they're seven or eight years old. It's just, you just can't do that at that moment.


But that now, the floodgates still haven't opened yet then it's a pretty routine ground ball to Volpe and it's a pretty routine force out at third and, and he just, he gets a little too fine with it and just dirt balls it and it's, it's like a 10 foot throw. It felt like, you know, okay, but you're still, you still okay. And it's ground ball to first and Garrick Cole just loses mind for a second and he doesn't cover first cover the race o and, and now the flood gates have opened because you've done the three things in one inning that I didn't think you were capable of doing one thing in one inning and you've tripled it.


You've gone triple jeopardy to the point that the, you could just see the body language of the dodgers's. Oh serious, What? You're gonna give Us this. Right. Seriously. And the floodgates open into the Yankees credit. They fought back and took the lead again. But you just knew what was coming that was coming. Okay. After every era they made, I was telling Dylan the baseball guards don't like this, Dylan. They they don't, the baseball guards don't like this Dylan. They just don't like It. Yeah. The baseball cos don't like this. Dylan hot topic obviously coming off of what from the outside looking in was a very successful season for the WNBA with the growth of the game and the, and the, and the young stars coming in the game. But when you look at the numbers, the league lost over $40 million.


Do you see light at the end of the tunnel? And do you, obviously, 'cause you were around, do you see any similarities to where the w is at this point and where the NBA was in their 27th or 28th year? I'm trying to step back from it and comprehend what just happened to this league. I wasn't a big Kaitlyn Clark fan when she was at Iowa, though. I got into it a little more in the Final four and certainly the final game I found myself captivated watching her And I don't, obviously she brought a lot more of white people back to watch the game, but it seemed to all swirl around her.


What whatever new popularity. Like I'm not sure she saved it, but, but she changed the game and, And I still can't quite explain why because I thought she was just a three point shooter And I didn't see this at Iowa, but, but she's a LeBron esque passer of the basketball. Yes. Yes. Okay. So I didn't see that coming. And she led the league by far in assists, but she shattered Emini here, like obliterated the all time turnover record. And, and it wasn't, she did it by like 75 turnovers because she will try anything at any moment thread the needle where, where there's 17 hands in between and you're not gonna get the basketball through.


And she tries to get it through. But every once in a while she'll throw some lead pass like Wes Unsell used to, you know, Kevin loves good at it, but she'll throw some lead pass and it's just perfect. It's a touchdown. You know where she'll hit somebody right in the hands for a lip? You'll say that's, that's LeBron esque. She has an effortless distance stroke from the logo where, where she jump shoots and, and a lot of the women before weren't jump, they're set shooters, they're like feet on the floor shooters, but she can actually leave her feet and hold the pose and flick a wrist and get at that. And as you guys know, it's a long shot Man. That ain't easy. That ain't easy. It's not that easy to get the ball to the basket and she'll make an occasional logo shot where I'll say, whew, that is obviously Steph.


Like, yet she's not a very good consistent three point shooter. 'cause her percentage was like 33%. It was way down the list of three point shooters. Plus she's high volume, low make. And yet she completely changed the way that team plays basketball. And I got addicted to watching that team. Not just 'cause of her because all of them, because it worked. Now they've fired their coach. 'cause I crazy think they're gonna bring in a better coach. They think crazy. They're gonna get the Connecticut coach. I guess. So I, my answer to all the, it's a great question, but all I know is I started watching because I was mesmerized by how great she was and how bad she was all at the same time. And, and it was captivating to my eyes.


I, I don't know. So she became it. She's not very strong. She needs to get a lot stronger and they're taking the ball away from her. But help me out. Would you watch her? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Yeah, I'm, I'm a big fan of Kayla. Really? Yeah. Okay. I enjoy the w as a whole and, and and, and we're working on kind of a little bit of a passion piece, kind of comparing where the W is now compared to what the NBA was then, you know, and almost comparing, not because we still yet to see what these women are gonna do, but kind of how magic and Bird brought some life back To the game. They do. No, they do. How Kaitlyn and Angel brought some game life to the game. How there's a Juju and a MJ we're coming down the pipeline with New breath. Correct. Fresh air in the game. Agreed. So I think there's, you know, there's a handful of similarities to Oh yeah.


Where they are at in their respective times. Yeah. Quick hitters man this has been amazing. First thing to come to mind, let us know your, this is gonna get spicy top 10 NBA players of all time. Of All time. All time. I Wish he'd warned me And I would've brought my list in my man Tyler's over here. Maybe he could help Me. He probably, Tyler probably remember. Yeah. Okay. So I think we all can agree on the number one name on that list. MJ Jeffrey? Yes. Thank you Jeffrey. And I've got magic two and now I wish I had my list. I think I had Shaq three, cream, four Duncan, five.


Okay. Bill Russell, Kobe seventh. Kobe. Seventh, Larry, eighth and LeBron is ninth. Okay. In Wilt is 10. That's nice. That's nice. 10. Thank you Tyler. Nice to any, any Larry Bird stories? Can you give us one? I I'm a huge fan of Larry Bird. Two quick ones. So I'm at the Final 4, 19 79 Salt Lake City Gil Brand. Then the Cowboys GM would always run a hospitality suite for the college basketball coaches under the auspices of, he's trying to find the next Steven Jackson who can be a tight end for him that can sort of transfer height, speed over into football.


Allegedly, I think he just wanted to be a power broker, but he would have all the best coaches come through the suite because they weren't all participating in the Final Four. So on Sunday, ahead of the Monday night game, which is gonna be Bird magic Indiana state, Michigan State, I'm in the hospitality suite and Gil pulls me aside and he said, listen, I've talked to all the best coaches, Dean Smiths, the Bobby Knights. They don't believe Larry Bird can play at the next level. And I said, seriously? 'cause I hadn't been able to see, I saw him in the semi-final, but it, it wasn't enough. I think they played DePaul, Mark McGuire, who I got to know in Dallas and said, yeah, the quote I keep hearing is, Larry Bird is too slow footed to make it in the NBA.


So I wrote a piece for Monday morning's, Dallas Morning News newspaper, in which I said that there are coaches here who don't believe Larry Bird can play. I didn't say it, but I said there are those here because I don't think he was making that up or exaggerating that they lose obviously the magic. And Gregory Kelser who was, they were just too good for what Larry had in Indiana State. And that was real, like, really, really wrong because he could really, really play for a thousand other reasons than slow feet. Because anticipating steals, he got his hands on a lot of basketballs defensively where slow feet didn't really come into play.


And obviously he's shooting it back behind his head and it's like Kevin dur, you just, he's six nine you, you're not gonna be able to bother that shot a whole lot. And he was just deadly, especially when it mattered the most. And a great passer. So I'm in Dallas at Reunion Arena. I don't know if you ever played at old reunions, probably before your time. But he came for to play and was at a shoot around And I, I just went up to him and apologized to him and said you, he didn't care who I was or what I was, but I just apologized to him. So then we fast forward to the 86 all-Star games played in Dallas and it's the one in which he's in the three point contest where he shoots the last one and puts his finger up in the air while it's in the air.


I got you. Okay. And I'm told from a Mavericks insider who was in the locker room, and remember this is 1986, there's only one human who could get away with this. But do you know this story about what he said to the, his opponents? I've heard a little bit before it. Okay. In the locker. So he walks into the locker room and it's only the, how many guys are in the three point? The 20 Yard coming second? Eight. Eight or something. Okay. Okay. And all the rest of them are not white. And Larry Bird says to them, this is what I was told. Which one of you? And you know that word?


M ERs? Huh? M ERs? No. Oh no. Oh, the word word. The word the ugliest word in the history of the human language. Wow. You said should be abolished. Is going, is going to finish. Second. Which one of you is going to finish second? It's Been with that bitch this, they say, Hey, Okay. There's only one human. And this is 1986. Who could get away with that? Away with that? Yeah. To me. And it's that guy. That's what I was told. Yeah. But it's that guy. Yeah. Ob And they already knew what he was because he's winning championships and MVPs. So I assume, I think it's Craig Hodges was the, the best of his opponents.


And they're probably just like, Damn you okay. Fuck you too. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here to, to bird's credit. He used to get white Emini here, get mad when white guys gardening. He used to, he said that was an insult. It's an Insult. Insult. He said that was an Insult. Nobody can fuck with him. Okay. Eight mile race, you run Tyreek Hill and Mookie bets. Who wins? Who? Who are the opponents? You Broun. Oh, Broun. Okay. You broun Tyreek Hill and Mooky bets Eight. That's a hell of a question. Eight miles. Eight miles race. I'm going with you. I think I might beat 'em by a mile. Yeah. I'm going with Skip. Well, Emini here. When have any of those humans ran? Eight As they're, they never ran eight Miles, three miles.


Yeah. Trained for That different mindset. Okay. It's what I do every day. It wouldn't be fair. Yeah. And it's, it says nothing about me athletically whatsoever. Except I'm in really good shape. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, you are. But athletically it says zero. But they would have no chance. And if any of them Would Like to do it, if any of 'em, if they're listening, watching now, let's go. Amen. I I'll be there and bring your wallet. He Ain't hard To find. And I'm betting on Skip. What makes Skip Bayless happy? I understand. My wife does make me very happy. Yes. Yes. I must admit. Yes. And my dog, Hazel makes me very happy as she knows our little mal What Maltese What kind of dog?


Maltese. Maltese. Is she eight now? Eight. I think she's eight. But those two keep me. Right. That they keep me upright. They, they make me very happy. Tonight is date night and I'm looking forward to it. And I can say this about my wife, God's truth, not once in my life with her. And we started in oh five. We got married in 16, but so five we're almost 20 years together. There's never been one moment with her. I've been bored. Not one moment. Wow. I do play golf, but I don't play cards with the guys on Wednesday night.


I don't go out with the guys on Friday night. I just wanna be with her. I'm obsessed with what I do and it makes me very happy because it's satisfying. But I only look forward to the, the time with her because every second I have not doing this thing. This microphone is dedicated to her and to Hazel. I love that. And so she does make me very happy whether she believes it or not. And half the time she doesn't. We gain for day night on tonight. Lakers? No. Oklahoma Citys at Portland. We're Watch, They're, we're gonna watch The Thunder. You like the thunder?


Come On. Top three Jordans to wear. Oh God. You like the ones? Yeah. I Emini here. You you a big one guy. You know what? My top three all, We used to pair of shoes when I was working with, well we used to, I used to check his drip every day. Drip Bayless. I do like the Concords, the elevens both high and lows. And so they would probably be high and low would be my second two. 'cause they're way beyond all the others. Yeah. That I have. I like it. Yeah. Quickly explain. I'm forced they're relationship. Wow. Between you and Little Wayne. And then you guys seem like you guys are really good friends. Yeah.


Yeah. He loves Skip. Yeah, that's my boy. He, he loves Skip, You know that he loved our show. This is pre Stephen a And I think you helped get him My, my wife helped book this, but somehow she connected with his people and because he was playing a concert in Westchester County in, outside of New York City, it was a fairly handy two hour bus ride. He was on his tour bus to come to Bristol and he wanted to come to Bristol and be on first take. And he came to the pre-show meeting, which started at seven 30 in the morning. I don't think he went to bed. No. Right. No.


But they literally pulled their tour bus right up to the door and we start talking across the table about Steph Curry. And it was before the Steph Blake draft. And everybody at ESPN loved Blake Griffin. And I didn't, because I'm an Oklahoma fan by birth. And so I'd watched Blake for two full years at Oklahoma and he couldn't make a shot from like a foot away. Seriously. But he was as you know, extremely explosively athletic at whatever six 10 could jump, you know, to the next county as a, an explosive dunker.


But I don't know, I just didn't, I didn't love him. He, he reinvented himself as a three point shooter and, and extended his career shoot in threes. But I was in awe of little Steph at Davidson. 'cause I said, this is revolutionary. And I kept saying his handle is way better than people. He, he can play point guard because he's not a flashy passer, but he's a really good passer with a great handle. So forget just about the shooting. He, he can run the basketball team. So Wayne is agreeing with me And I, no one had agreed with me at ESPN and we clicked over Steph at Davidson because it's before the draft. And we agreed we would both take Steph number one in the draft above Blake.


And what'd he go? Seven in the draft. Like, come on. Really? Okay. So that started it. And then he took me after the show out to the tour bus where he has a recording studio. It's like a bathroom size studio on the bus. Did you get a contact on the bus? Did Did you get a contact on the bus? I think I did. Because because I don't, I don't do that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't do that. And so I'm pretty susceptible to contact. Yes. And I was feeling real good, real good. We could, we, we could re we could reenact that feeling Soon if we're done. I'm sure we could.


I should try that. Sometimes. Maybe that would, would sort of calm me down. But the point is then we just clicked. I don't know. But it's pure sports. You wanna talk about coming from opposite ends of the earth. So it was that when he moved out here four years ago, my wife And I would go visit him. I don't know, every couple of months we'd drive out to Hidden Hills out in the valley. And I know people won't believe this, but we would sit and talk the three of us. He would include her 'cause he does love her and is like a big sister. And we would just talk about, not about sports 'cause she's not the biggest sports fan. We would just talk life stuff, show stuff, I don't know, music stuff behind the scenes stuff.


A little sports. She says I sports Somehow it worked its way In there. Yeah. It would work its way in. But, but we would talk for four straight hours with no bathroom breaks, no food and no drink, but occasional puffs. You know? Right. Love it. Yeah. Okay. I love it. So, but that's, but we would sit outside 'cause Ernestine doesn't deal great with the smoke. We just sit out on the back porch and just, just talk. Love it. Okay. So that's how it, that's how it happened. And wherever people don't know, wherever Wayne is, he's in the studio normally from like eight in the evening to like nine in the morning normally. Yep. Whatever he is. Basketball, sports is on every tv. There's no t no shows. There's sports on every whatever game he is on ESPN. Like that's all he watched.


Yeah. All night long. That's, that's why he knows so much about sports. Oh he Is obsessed and and also brilliant. Like deep, brilliant. Very smart bro. My favorite communication with him is text because we kind of play, can you top this when we're going back and forth? And I would look at the text chains And I would say, damn this, this, this could be a book. You know, seriously where He knows shit. 'cause he knows what he's talking about. And it's like deep. Yeah. Passionate. Deep passionate. Yeah. Of, of what makes somebody tick, tick. You know, like what, what's really happening with so and so, So yeah. He Done seen a lot. You Covered Mike Tyson in his prime.


Yeah. Thoughts on the upcoming fight with him and Paul at Jerry's world. At where? Jerry's world. Okay. You're welcome. I'll be there too. Yeah, no, I know. I told you he was coming. 'cause any otherwise you couldn't come down there y'all of y'all. Y'all still late. Y'all still late? You either, you either JMac, none of y'all can't come. I called him like Jerry, I'm bringing some 49 ERs fans from Cali. They coolall. It was like, yeah, they cool 'cause it's a boxing match. But if it was a game, y'all couldn't come in. Okay, Cool. Exactly. Skip put the call in two, The closer we get, the more fascinated I get by it. 'cause at first I scoffed like everybody else did. And then I start to think that guy, there's some special guys, you know, who are just special, special whatever they're made of.


And obviously Mike didn't take care of himself when it was time to take care of. Or he could have done whatever he wanted to do. But when he was right, he was the baddest on the planet. And and arguably the baddest who ever walked, who ever walked and whatever that quality is, is still percolating inside there, There's still residue of that in his blood. Yes. And he looks like he's in pretty good shape. 'cause I'm in really good shape. And so I look at it And I say he's 58. Okay. Okay. So at first I thought there's no way he can beat this kid. 'cause this kid's pretty athletic and in his decent body And he trains hard.


He, he does Jake. Then I start watching And I don't know what Jake's doing, but, but he looked like he'd put on a little weight to me. Just, just punchy excess weight that he does not need. And I start thinking, is Jake really taking this as seriously as you better take that? Man? Man, I Mother fucking hope he is. I hope he is. Or I know they're wearing big old pillowcase gloves, you know, like pillows. But, but still Mike could hurt him if, if Mike goes like, hey, haywire, screwy. You know, like where, where he calls upon that thing that's, that's locked deep down inside. Then he, he could do some damage. Right. Well, I, that's why I feel scared for Jake, because the, the best boxes are the ones that can inflict pain but also mentally in control.


Agreed. The best ones. Floyd, Terrance Crawford, those type of guys. So Mike is more at peace than he's ever been. That's what's scary. Yeah. That he's going, he's not showing up to the fight. I want to eat your kids. He's showing up to fight hijack. That's what's scary. So if you think Mike not showing up going crazy, it is more frightening than to calm Mike. You better think another, it's another thing you need to look at about boxing. Roy told us he wasn't, Mike was supposed to, they were both kind to go. Supposed to chill. I know. And I, And I saw it watched and Mike unleashed on his head movement, his powers. He can't Still, he's still there, bro. No, He can't help himself, himself. And at first I thought Mike wasn't taking this very seriously, and then Jake started to insult him, like personal shot insult him.


And after a while you could see Mike's eyes and, and they're going crazy eyes. Like, like good, crazy. Like Mike had time to get his health right. Like, you wanna play Jay? Okay, gimme some time to get my health right. Yeah. Now I'm finna come knock your ass out. We shall see. Finish Him up. We shall see if you could see one guest on All The Smoke, who would it be? But, but you have to help us get your answer on the show. Mm. Donald Trump. Ooh, Nice. I like that. Nice. I would definitely sit down with Donald Trump. I Can't help, but Yes. Yeah. That's, that's a good one. That's a Good call. I like that. A lot of people wanna see that. I would Love that. Well, skip, man, thank you very much. And, and before we get at it, I just wanna thank, like I said, I've, I've always had a lot of respect and been a big fan and, and, and in this process of finding out we were gonna get a chance to interview, I got to dig deep and, and do my research and kind of find out what you're about and who you're about and, and, and, and hear you out.


And it, it just made me more of a fan of, of what you do. It was an honor to get a chance to work with you early on and definitely looking forward to seeing what you do in this next step As hard as you work. I know you'll be successful, man. So we just really wanna, on behalf of both of us, extend our, you know, our, our our biggest gratitude And and appreciation for opening that door. You know, it undisputed for us too. That was big for both at that time. So we appreciate that. All that means a lot. I love both of you. Love, love. She Knows this, my wife knows this because of how you fought, because you're both your own men and you believe so passionately and deeply in what was down inside of you that you fought back and you have true edge to both of you.


Why this, this is exactly working now. I have deep edge in me because by nature, if you know me at heart, I'm a fighter. I'm a competitor And I have kindred spirit to what you're achieving on this show. So God bless both of you. Thank you. Thank you very much. I remember reading you, you stopped fighting in high school though. That's when you gave it up. Skip used to scrap. I was reading all he used to scrap. I I read about the I can see it though. I can see it though. I read about the fifth grade Broken nose and the two black eyes. And you still went to school the next day? Took one shot. Yeah. From Jamie Staley in fifth grade. I took one and my nose was flattened. I I did You remember his name?


Yeah, I do now. He wrote about, that's how I do about it. I read that piece like skips like in high school. I said nah. Yeah, But it was a sucker punch. Oh hell yeah. We down rid it. Okay, before we get outta here, could we gonna some from my guy? Shout out Ray. Hey, Thank you. We've launched the fight side of our company. Yes, you. So we got some, ALL THE SMOKE fight some ALL THE SMOKE a shirt and All The Smoke tour. Look who's looking over there. Look who's looking over. Like that's gonna be hers. And then what we're, you know, most proudest of? You know, we've, we've teamed up with Simon and Schuster to do our first ever podcast. First podcast ever. Soja boy. Can't say that. Yeah, so hot boy. You ain't got that coffee table book. So again, in honor of just your greatness and, and taking the time with us.


Thank you. We wanna make sure we get all this to you. And thank you for being on the show today. Privilege. Oh shit. Thank you. Yeah, Give it up, skip. Thank you. Thank you. Hey man. Now where can you catch this episode? Yeah, man, that's a wrap. Amazing. Had a great time today. Sitting down with with Skip. But you can catch this on ALL THE SMOKE Productions, YouTube, and the Draftings Network. We'll see y'all next week. See y'all.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee, So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of Espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. BW group. No purchase necessary void, word prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.