
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home, go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's Elisa just for you.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details.


Welcome back LA Day two. We had a good one this morning. Hey, this dude's been entertaining us since he got here. Is your mic straight how you like it? Yeah. Nah, I just gotta get it right. You straight? Yeah, it's a big episode man. Look at it, right? Niggas alive. Look at yeah. Yeah. Look into your solo. Talk to us. Shady. We right here. How y'all doing? Yeah, we here All The Smoke, you know what I'm saying? Stacks Emini here Matt. You know we doing it up. You know what, Emini here. I'm happy to be here And I don't even smoke. Am I the only one that ever smoked? No. Hell life. People smoke. You good? Okay. How's life? What's going on with you bro? Life. Life is good. Life is good. 2025 is my year. Yeah, you was telling you was entertaining us bro.


You got a whole little plan. But I like your busy. You was talking business at the end like what's, what's 2025 mean to you? Well, we gonna talk probably business and stuff and all endeavors and all that, but nah, just, you know what, being a better person though. Mm. First and foremost, Emini here, we say that, but are we really doing 'em steps be a better father, you know, be more devoted to my savior. Like all these things I be thinking about. 'cause I feel like only thing we thinking about is family and how to get more money. Right. And I think if we do things the right way, we'll hit all the same avenues, you know, we'll cross that path. So just being all around better person. Yeah, that's, that's really it. That's what's up. Two. Oh, I'm trying to get married soon too. Congratulations. So you got any ladies out there that you know what?


Emini here. Oh, you don't even know her yet. You just looking for someone to marry? I'm dating. No, I'm dating my like a lot. Okay. But, but, but I'm just taking a lot until, until the job is actually right. You know what? Emini here secure. Can you find, can you find like real love out here in la? It's, it's dangerous out here. This streets is cold. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't really, LA's different. Yes. I probably don't. Very different. I don't date in la. Okay. You know, but I'm open for whoever's out there that's for me. Right. Yeah. What are some qualities she gotta have? She gotta have a job. That's the new thing out. I got a giz, high embarra. That's no Emini here. It, it's embarrassing to say that but Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you know, something going on, right? This have, yeah. Like yeah when I come home, tell me what you did like so that, what else?


Characteristics. So like, should y'all be, should y'all have nice hair? I, you know, I like hair tall, short. Wait, wait. Does the hair have to be hers? Yeah, that's what I was just getting at. Like, okay, gotta have her hair. Okay. You gotta start background checking these motherfuckers, these bras too these days man. Because some of 'em backgrounds just be outta control. But our background's outta control. But I'm, but I'm saying though, but I'm, I don't have to accept that. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't have to accept that. I feel you now, now I know y'all, y'all, y'all did y'all research on me before you asking all these questions? I get it, but I am a psych major. Right. So, so the question you just asked him, I used to be like, man, what? I don't care about her, but now I do like hold up. But that shit me. I gotta know like, and listen, if this what's going on with you, why are you like that?


Where's that come from? Oh, you want have that kind of conversation. What makes you upset? Okay. You Yeah. Start getting it all because now I'm getting to know you for you. Yeah. You trying to get in their mind. Yeah. Yeah. Once you do that, it's over. Well hey, I seen every side of a woman. He been psyched major and every, everybody you, you been married for a long time, right? No, I've been married. I'm married and divorced but I've been, I've been with my girl now 10 years. Married three. Okay, okay. Yeah, so, so I got my dude like right now that I like a lot. I'm dating, you know what Emini here. But Emini here. Since you are really with the psychological side of it, what is some advice you would give some of these younger athletes these days? Because you see a lot of the Yeah. Some of these older women praying so to speak on these young boys.


You are right about that bro. Damn. Oh man. So what the advice I would give 'em right? Is, is have some patience. Take your time. Right. I feel like we get a girl that's popular, she's there and we wanna just, just give her everything. Right. You know what Emini here, everything she wanna be giving her, it's like she really like me. She gonna wait, you know what Emini here let me at least learn you. Lemme, at least like you, we be so hyped up to get somebody that's a badie or somebody's popular and all that and won't even get to like her. And then when we do like her, we like, I don't even like this joint. Right. You know what, Emini here, I giving her all this. Yeah. I been there once. Once you hit it, it's all like, I been there. Here you go. And And I he's right. And another thing is, yo get somebody that got some lose like you got some to lose because I be thinking like if we her do something right and, and let's say it's wrong, we get in trouble.


If you not going face the heat and embarrassing I'm gonna face then why we even, and it's not about she gotta be like somebody, you know what, Emini here something to lose. But let's say yo, you got kids, you a really good mom. You, you, you care how you are perceived for your children. Yeah. You gotta be solid bro. You know what? Emini here like you a good person or you, you, you don't want your parents to see what type of, that's my thing. Like have something to lose. You know girls lose something that don't care about nothing and go to the next one. I'm like hold up baby. Then you just get my man jammed up and you gonna boss talking about it but now you about to get with me now why would I do that? That's the dumb shit we be doing. People still will do it though. Yeah. Is the problem. Therein lies the issue. Yep. That is.


We'll do it though. Won he do it and he ask you man, damn you think she gonna tell me like she shit. She goddamn damn right. Two of your former brothers man just took jobs. Mm. Shout out to Sean Jackson at Delaware State and Mike Vick and Norfolk State to, to your real brothers. That's right. Thoughts. And will we see you out there with either of 'em this year or this season? Oh you absolutely not see me. I ain't doing no coaching but I will say this, I'm super happy, super happy for Michael Vick. You know I always see him being a coach. You know what Emini here, I remember when we was young, wild and out and he was like our idol playing with him and the coach couldn't control me and Deshaun, he had to go through Victor do it.


And if OJ Vick said, you know what, Emini here, do this, do that. Alright we gonna do it. I remember one time we, we lifting weights. Damn I love Mike, Mike 'cause Mike's a great person. You know what Emini here, people don't know that. Right. Even with the dog stuff and all that. Once he served his time in jail and the community service, yo, he still was out there like making people aware of it and ain't even asking him to. But story, we, we lifting weights and we minute man Deshaun, we ain't, we ain't lift weights, we ain't lift weights like that. So Mike's in there. So we act like we lifting, we talking about the girls of last night, you know, and, and Jack left. So Mike said, yo, where where'd Jack go? I'm like, I don, I don't know where he went. I don know where he went. So he go find him.


He said, yo man, you know, come back in the locker room. So he come back in there, he said, man I ain't, I ain't gotta lift man, I'm natural. Jack said Yep. Mike said, what? What you mean you natural? He said, I don, I don't need that man. I get it done with anything. He said, what you think I, he said what? Think think I do. Fuck I I you know what Emini here, like I'm in here working out. I got $200 million contracts twice. Why you can't do it? He said that we started lifting just the og you know what Emini here of of putting us in a place and it keeping it moving. The problem is like, players don't like that now. So that's, that's how Mike was. And then Deshaun another good friend of mine's, I'm happy for him because now he's the type of coach where he gonna motivate players.


Like we come from the same backgrounds. Right. Maybe an underdog because Deshaun's always big on the underdog, you know, and he's gonna get them players and he gonna make them dogs. Right. And I think a lot of recruits are gonna come to him 'cause of that. And I think Deshaun's good for just a new generation of trying to control like being from that neighborhoods Right. And still going out there and being a professional in the field. He's gonna be great at that. You're transitioning into media, you know, obviously your show with your brother at 25 10, but then also you've been, you know, prevalent in in in the Fox space the last few years too. How'd that started? And and how's it going? It's going good. You know, it's a little different for me, I think my transition was, it was harder for most because like, I'm always the same way.


It's on tv, you know, if it's joking with y'all, like you could be talking your shit. That's it. That's what I do. So I had to learn on the prime time and like a little bit more professional where if I want to call a dude that's ass, like he ain't, he ain't shit. You know what? Emini here, I can't say that. I gotta say what like I said it about Dak and like, you know, I didn't like how it came off. 'cause that's not, I was trying to say, I was saying like, you know, we talk about this dude so much Emini here. He's, he's okay, you know what Emini here and like he's, and he was playing ass the time. I should have said that. So like learning that how to be different but still be myself because I see a lot of dudes that they, they be a certain way on tv then they get off and they totally different dude. You know, I'm like, hold up man, just this ain't even for real.


You know what, Emini here. So I never wanna be like that. But the transit has been cool. It's been good. It's hot right now though. Yeah, the block is hot. I don't know what you Emini here. You don't have to get into detail, but what's, what's the energy over there right now? Well, you know, you know, nah, nah, I'm real supportive of, of all my right coworkers, you know what I'm saying? And like, I don't really know much about none of that shit. You know what Emini here, like I don't, you know, I'm cool with everybody over there where you currently stand over there. Are you in negotiations with them? I are you happy? Oh, you in negotiations right now? Yep. So it's crazy we just brought that up because we just got approached about it. I'm talk to him about Super Bowl around then.


So after this year though, I really high at him. You, you're able to balance traditional media and then obviously there's new wave of media in in the pocket. Like what's your goal in both? Yeah, so, you know, I like the, the corporate stuff though. So that way I'm still in the light, you know, still mainstream restream with the mainstream and all that because I'm, I'm gonna do some stuff like I'm gonna call games probably next year or two. Okay. Right. And then like I do a lot of partnerships with the NFL and a lot of that is because I am more mainstream. But I like this side of it too though. 'cause this is more who I really am. Right. I think culturally like just certain topics and conversation with different athletes and people, you know, I could do that any any day. And I think I like that too because I'm getting the best of both worlds, you know?


So like, it's funny, like one day I'll give my take on a game on Prime time, right. And then maybe the next day the same conversation I'm gonna give it to you in a wholly different way. So that's why I like both of 'em, you know, and it's building my brand up, right? Because like you talked about real estate, I'll do that. But also I'm trying to like, you know, teach young bulls how to get money without doing different things. And I was saying like if you can build, you always make money. You know what Emini here. So just using both platforms recently inducted into the Eagles Hall of Fame. Congratulations all time. League rush. Congrats bro. Yeah, thank you. How was that? That was cool. That was good. Like, you know when you playing you get all the love and all that and then when you retire you always wonder like, do the people still love me the same way?


What did, what did all boys say from P Fool? Oh, oh, when the Crowd School scream my name. Yeah. Right, right, right. Yeah. Money Man Mitch, did he say when I lead the game still on my me man? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So it was good man. They had to give a speech out, you know, it was at halftime so they turned on the lights off. See I was really, I was ready for it. They had my little notes and all that, my little speech. And then when they shut the lights off and the, the fans had all the, the cameras on the lights, I kind of like, oh like, oh, okay. All right. So just, it was, I be thinking about like the Eagles been around for so many years, right. And it's only about like eight of us, nine of us that's on the Eagles Hall of Fame. Right. I play with some great Polaris too. So to, to be sucked into that. That's that's dope. But I think the bigger one is coming soon though.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna talk my shit about that. Yes, yes. You got, when are you eligible? What year? Next year? Next year. 26th. Okay. Yep. Next year. Next year. The odds are good. Six time Pro Bowl 2010 all decade. 18 two time Super Bowl champ. Six one k, 1000 yard rushing seasons. And the DY was dynamic from the passing side too. You think you got a good shot? I do. Yeah. I be looking at like who goes in, right? Like okay this running back, I got numbers like him, I got touchdown like him, I got all that, you know. But it's funny, I be thinking, I'm like, I really grade a player off of who you did it with. Right. So like right now, Lamar Jackson, bro, I haven't seen nobody play as good as him in a long time.


He balling And I look at Josh Allen who's always been balling, right? And I look at this year he's not playing as good as Lamar Right. Stats wise. But he's, but he, he balling crazy too. He team balling. But the difference is like, yo, who you doing with? You know what I'm saying? And, and y'all can contested this from playing a game like you got pro bowlers here or all NBA or this and that around you and really good players around you. Like okay, but if you doing that with dudes that barely making the squad And I kind of respect them more when you talk about the MVP, you get what I'm saying? So a lot of these guys, I look on this hall of Famous and running backs, you know, and and a lot of 'em and they, they play with a lot of great players.


Where you coming to see me and and Eagles or or more with the Buffalo when I was giving out really good, you know, numbers 'cause Buffalo wasn't like that back then like they are now. But it's hard to get 1300. So yeah I'm always getting 16 in Philly when I had Deshaun and Vic them dudes. But if I'm still giving you 13 plus and all that ain't touchdowns with and the Nicole and the Nicole with backup linemen and wide receivers that go from this team and that team and this team that count for something. You know what Emini here, like one of my best friends is Frank Gore. We always talk about that like monster who we do it with. Monster. You know what I'm saying? So, so to so with that argument, who do you do it with That would give, although Lamar's playing great this year. Yeah. Better numbers than his previous MVP seasons.


Josh Allen is doing it with less. I would give it to Josh I think. I think they a plus to an a Lamar's playing like a plus. Josh is playing the a Josh is winning with dudes that wouldn't make other teams if you come into a game playing right. Y'all know this from playing basketball. How we gonna stop the Ravens? All right look we gonna watch after eight 'cause he's just then you but damn you got the another MVP Titan candidate behind you Derrick Henry, right. And then Zay Flowers and the baby like you all these different dudes were Buffalo Emini here. Like who? Josh Allen bro. They got two Pro Bowls. The whole team one's a left tackle. Dion Ds the other one's Josh. So I would give it to him. He did beat the Detroit Lions and the Chiefs.


They both were number one Seeds. You know what Emini here, but, but whoever wins, I don't care 'cause Lamar kill him. Lamar probably shouldn't win MVP last year. Just being respectful. He had like, he had them same stats last year in the first half of the season. You know what Emini here, but I never seen play this good brother Lamar is truly his next step now is to win in the playoffs though, right? He gonna win. See I he gotta be Super Bowl. That's it. I don't really buy all that shit. They be talking about, oh well he's his record. Yeah, he, he was 29, 28. He gonna have a lot of time. Yeah. I think this is, this is his best. Well last year was last year. This year was probably his best chance to win. You know what Emini here. But, but then again like Emini here, you Pastor Holmes ain't just he out there though.


Yeah, I watched Pat in 2019. I I was the chiefs, we won a championship. Phenomenal player. Right. We had everybody, Travis Kelsey was still younger. He won Dayton, the, the, the billionaire chicks. So he was really engaged. We had, we had Tyreek Hill as a doll. All right, real quick. Hold your thought. Can Tyreek go back to Kansas City? Yeah. Okay, we'll talk about that. We'll talk about that later. Go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, so we was, we was setting records, touchdowns, everything you can think about. But then I watched him last year where they lost five games. They was on the road, the old playoffs, he didn't look good all year. Travis wasn't balling and I'm thinking still won the championship. So I'm like, yo, hold up.


You winning the, the best championships at your best, at your worst. You still winning. They had the most drops in the wide receivers. You know what Emini here. So it's like Jason, like I gotta make sure this motherfucker's dead. You know what I'm saying? I gotta, so you gotta go, you gotta go beat Pat, right, because Pat that dude bro. And that's a lot of things too. If you correlate, correlate that to basketball when Steph and the Warriors were running, there was a lot of good teams that just couldn't get past step bro. Warriors. Come on bro. Damn I ain't think of that. Like bro Rock another chip. If it was somebody else, damn you, you, you never know what happens with hard and Houston where Dame Lillard and Portland when they had them good teams, like there was teams that were good but they just ran into the Warriors, the Houston Rockets.


That's a good one though. Yep. That's a good one. Yeah, we start talking sports in here. I be talking all day. I saw question but this I what happened to the Eagles team? Why y'all couldn't get over the hump when you was That's a good question y'all. Andy Reed our deepest won that good. That's what it was. Huh? That's what it was. Yeah. Ds wasn't that good. Offense was crazy. Right. And I think, I think we put too much now I'm older looking back on it, we put too much pressure on Mike. You know what Emini here like, like Mike was nice but the way Mike play is like, he's reckless 'cause he's just a dog. You know what Emini here, I ain't sliding.


You know, and then like making him throw the ball all game like that, you know, you, you can get picks and et cetera. Where if you watch like the way they play with Lamar, even Jalen hurts, you know, some games they will throw the ball a lot more because depending on how the game is. But to have a real good offense, I think we should have Mike run it, you know, a couple times a game maybe not going over 30 passes. I think if you break it down like that, yo the game's more controlled and you're not putting as much on your quarterback. Right. You know and keeping the defense more off balance. Yeah, that too, you know. But just like as we had a lot of turnovers fumbles and picks and this and that. But I think if you played at a better like game plan, you know, with with trying to put, 'cause Mike was so good, you know what Emini here, they made him do everything.


And I think even when you watch the day, like you got the superstar but you need them other players and if you could control the superstar enough, I think, you know it goes a little differently. Yeah. Car. Yeah. Stop your 200 Eagles ended the 2015 you was traded for Kiko Alonzo Man, your boy Chip. Well let, let, lemme stop you real quick. Serious question though. Do you know what that is though? I have no idea who that is. You know what that is bro. The day when I heard the trade Drew Rose House, he said Shady you, he said this is not a joke, you've been traded. I'm like, man what are you talking about? Just like, what are you talking about? He says, yo, they traded you to the bills. I'm in Miami ass.


I'm like, wait, what? And the crazy thing is like after this season, you know most players they, they pack up their locker because the football ain't like basketball. You can be going tomorrow with a five year contract. But I never, I never touched my stuff. I know what it is Emini here, who you gonna get rid of me? So I never really looked it like that do. And he traded me and then when I got to the bills, they said it was the easiest best trade he ever had. They said Chip called, said hey would you guys be interested in Lahar McCoy? So the GM was like, yeah for sure he said, but I was like, they going, they gonna offer, they gonna want too much. You know what Emini here, they gonna want too much for him. So he said he hit him back like yeah we would but you know we probably can't afford what you want.


Chip. Chip said Nah, not the GM chip the, he said Nah, we going, we just want Kiko Alonzo and the GM at the time he was like, when he said that I was still waiting like, like all right him and who else? He's like, nah, that's it. He said he was like, oh deal. He said it hung up. He said, I did the deal before even hollering at the coach at the time was re Shrine. He said, I already knew it was a dumb deal. And I was like wow. That's how you do a Drake


Piece to the planet Charlemagne tha God here. And I just want you to know if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker, prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


But talk to us about Chip back up 'cause we've heard a lot of shit And I haven't heard it from a player that played for him though. Oh for real? Wow. That's crazy. Yeah he was What you wanna know about him? What You wanna know exactly how much, how, how ain't shit he is from what I heard. Yeah, he a bad coach. Well no, no, no, no. I should hear a bad coach. He don't know how to, he don't know how to read the room. He don't know how to relate to his players. Like I played on teams where you know that's a bad coach. Yeah, yeah you can get away with it on certain levels though. You can get away with it in college because it's more dictatorship with your players player. But in the pros it's different Emini here but he was winning though. That's, that's what I say. You can get away with it in college 'cause they, college kids have to, well now they don't but back then they had to buy in. He had great teams at Oregon. But it's a different style and, and and energy of coaching obviously college and pros man.


He the only player, he the only coach I ever been around. He got multiple college championships. None. Yeah so it ain't work too well. Got zero. He ain't winning it at all. He ain't saving. He ain't no saving. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So he ain't winning no championship. That shit ain't working. Yeah he just fucking everybody up seen like Y 32 well talk to would you real mess With because Yo, he the only coach I'm talking any color that the white boys on the squad don't like him and none of the brothers like him. I ain't never seen that.


At least you gonna have someone on this side, none of that. And he was just different like Emini here. Simple things like man, like y'all played on teams where there's some white dudes that listen to rap or, or or or yeah Rock and roll. His brothers listen to straight trap music and there's some dudes that come up. They want some Nas, they want some so everything's different. He ain't like none of that. He was be like hey in the locker room y'all put your headsets in man ain't no music. So all the, And I was one of the players I was like hold up on, hold on like you the coach but this is our team though. You can't tell us what we listen to and he ain't like some of that, you know simple shit. Like when I was a rookie, you know the VIX and something same, they had the big cars and all that And I had to wait to get that.


So once I earned it I was trying to get my big wheels like they did and come to the games. Right. You get the, the outfit on the nice little take the pictures you know 'cause you just fall in line. Okay that's what the oh heads did it. That's what I'm gonna do And I get it. This dude he said yeah man for now on you know y'all drive y'all cars to the game on Saturday and then we ride the school bus to the game 'cause we a team we all look the same. He said then after the game you could drive, you could take your fancy cars, you know to the house. I'm like so wait, you wanna control what cars you driving or how we coming to the games slave mentality bro Emini here I'm talking about bro would have stuff like okay I'm black, I like black socks.


I don't know I just like black socks. Right. He said yo, on my team we only wear white socks. I say coach man, every year I'm gonna go for like 1200 to almost 1400 yards. Like I do it in black socks. Now I'm trying to like joke with you 'cause I don't wanna make this awkward for you 'cause you the coach and I'm the player but we talking about socks. I said we talking about socks right now coach. He said that's the rules. And he never was like confrontational. He was soft like trying to like reason with me, you know. So I was okay coach, you got it. So I would wear black socks and put white tape on it. So when I would go out there he said I could see the black. I said you see white, you see the white tape.


It's just so many little things bro. He would, he would bother turn how much sleep we get. So he like, yo winning teams need to sleep a certain amount of hours. I said well look coach, you know some of these dudes are young, they won't step outside that we win the game. They wanna party a little bit. Right. With with with girls they age. Some of these dudes they got, they older, they got kids. The baby might wake up 2-year-old or 1-year-old or or whatever at two in the morning they gotta get up. He didn't wanna hear that. So he would, he would, he would drug test us and he would and he would he drug tested y'all. Now I don smoke so I didn't really complain about it. Yeah but I would have to speak up 'cause you know, 'cause nobody really want to go against him. He was one of 'em dudes man. I'm like well look man, like dudes don't feel comfortable smoking or they Emini here.


They don't feel comfortable coming to you about you drug test them. Like if the rules for the NFL is you drug test right on whatever it is. And they pass. What? What are you doing? What are you talking about right now? I said Coach man, I said listen Bruss a football team coach. This is our last real issue. I said Coach it's our foot football team man. But listen yo, you running this shit like a, like a like a jail, like a PO office. You know what I'm saying? Like and you gonna lose dude they gonna be scared to come here because they're gonna hear rumors. I ain't going to Philly Emini here. They talking about coach drug testing every time to go to practice. Was he the, was he the coach to give Riley Cooper the extension? He's another one. Huh? Yeah. Yeah. So that's even worse.


That let you know what type of person after he publicly had the concert nigga Oh let's out loud. You know what I'm saying? It still just right. Come back and that's crazy. Yo look when he was there, right, check this out. So I told you he use Mike for everything 'cause Mike's the og. Mike said we gonna do it whatever it is. So Cooper does that little stuff he just said. Right. So it's everywhere now. So we, so it's a lot of dudes in there that they wanna holler at him Now I was cool with co he in the office, he younger so it was weird for me 'cause now I'm mad at him but he look at me like I'm big bro. You know he texted me like he sorry and all that. I ain't really hollering at the time. So anyway, when he come there Chip made he wait like a day or two.


So we ain't seen right outside outta mind, we ain't really seen. But it's meet, it's on the media everywhere. So when he gets there, it's after practice. He calls all in the, in the, the main like meeting room and he brings Coop out there. He lets coop say sorry, whatever this on third and then he hides him again for another like couple of days. So we never really seen him. He had the day he was gonna show up, he had Mike tell the team like look. He said look man, you know I'm from the south, I'm from this and that, da da. And if y'all ain't ever say nothing about somebody, you know what Emini here or say words about this and that behind closed doors. You know what Emini here, y'all can't be offended. You know what Emini here you could be mad but you gotta forgive your brother because y'all did it before.


So I get his message right. You know we all say things that we don't mean et cetera. So then when when Coup came back it wasn't as bad 'cause you know the big dogs spoke on it. You know what Emini here. But if it was anybody else, chip wouldn't did all that. You know what Emini here and it is a tough situation because it is, it's real Emini here a white dude saying that about blacks, it's a bigger thing. But he just was good at at like shit like that where if it was one of us, he wouldn't have did all that. Yeah a lot of shit come my mouth. But the C and the H word never came in my mouth for no reason. Yep. Yep. I don't gonna fuck behind closed doors or not that. Those words never come outta my mouth. I have no reason to. So you done say it before or get, you got comfortable saying to say it like that.


Right. And you know and you know what to get to. It might be it. It is the music. They singing every song word for word. So you expect them to be smart enough to pause at that part. Yeah. Nah, shit, they but I, you know, so I No, no nah. But it wasn't, there wasn't no music. That's not why he said it. He wasn't rapping. Nah, nah, this nah, he wasn't, he was at a country college at, right. Was I don know Chesney? Yeah, Kenny Chesney. That's all. Look so I know he at Security Guard concert was like, he was a black dude at all White country and all that concert. And the dude was being, he wasn't listening to cool. He, he ain't know who he was. He was trying to get backstage, all that type of stuff.


And he said ah, kick your   asses. That's crazy. We was like, whoa. But so his defense, he said he did it. He was like, he was mad and the first thing came to his mind to make this guy mad and offended. Oh nah that's weed that don't work. Emini here. That's weed. That's weed. I don, I done seen a whole, I done got into it with a whole bunch of Karens in different stores And I ain't never called them a racist slur. Nah, you right. I might have called a bitch a stupid hoe. Some shit like that dumb bitch badass outta here, some shit like that. We get it. Okay. Yeah we get it. Wait, wait, get get it but wait, wait. But no, you know what's crazy though? I say never win racial though. Right, right, right. But yo, I feel the same way. Like yo, if I'm mad at a white person Right.


I ain't the first time thinking to call him that. No. Oh you could came all type of stuff. You call him that and that's why I really had a issue like that. Maybe bro might be, you know, but Emini here. But Chip was doing stuff like man we be dudes, I'm married at practice. I'm like yo, how the hell is this dude on the team? He went to Oregon. Not, I'm like yo, you got a dude that played at freaking Alabama and he black. Right. Why he ain't in the game? We had white receiver. I'm like yo, we got all these. He don't even how how he make the squad And I'm not even trying to be funny because there's some white boys that can play though. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have 'em white dudes. You know what I'm saying?


If you don't get the white boys, I'm cool with all that. I love Michael White teammate's got all my boys. Yeah. All my best friends is white, you know. But gimme some good ones though. I don't want no brothers that's black that can't play. Yeah. I don't care what color they gotta be able to play. We trying to win dog up. Well he, I can go in for hours. Yeah. That dude. Yeah. Sour Mill. Oh my god. I could see somebody supposed you. Oh I wouldn't have made it. I ain't shit. You too while thinking about it. I didn't really fuck, I didn't really fuck with the coaches too much. I, yeah. You won a championship with Brady and Mahomes. What's the contrast between them two and leadership? That's a good one. So some of the similarities I would say like competitors.


Brady ain't trying to lose nothing. Like, and he's all nice and all that. He turns it on when it's time to win. Shit. I remember when I, man he got so many stories I can tell you about Brady. He just love to win bro. At all calls packed the same way. Dudes ain't catching the ball, they ain't playing a certain way. Dudes hurt. I got it, I'ma do it. I remember one time we had this game and we was trying to, I guess clinch the playoffs, whatever. And, and the tackle at the time, I won't say his name but he was acting like he was hurt. Now you know some of the big dudes be soft as hell. Like Bro you know what Emini here put your helmet on, put your mouth on. Let's go play you six eight.


Like, come on man. Talking about his his ankle or his toe or anyway, so Pat in the, in the training room. So for the whole week he's checking up on him, checking up on him. Now the training room all basketball and football. It's like the hangout spot. All right. So by by Friday Pat come in there like is he playing? What's going on with him now Pat's the type of person where, this is why I love Pat because he's his self. He don't try to act like he's something. He's not, you know what Emini here, he going, he, he's his own person. He listening to his music. He gonna listen to some j Cole, he gonna listen to some white stuff. You know what Emini here, he's his self. That's why I love Pat the dude now him being the quarterback.


Hey man you, how you feeling all week? He's been trying to butter him up because he's just, he's the tackle. You need him. I don't know man. I'm still kind of not comfortable. He doing all this shit with his shoulders and all that. I ain't feeling good. Right. So I'm watching it, you know I'm Instagram, I'm watching and shit. I'm like oh man bro I don't think bro playing Pat walk off. I'm gonna win it anyway with him without him. And he win that fucking game. That's the type of players. Even when like you watch games where they ain't catching the balls or they ain't doing this snap. The second half he gonna do it. If he's running, if he's extending it so you can see the greatness. Because I played with Vic Mcna, Josh Allen, Mahomes, Brady. So I seen all the best ones. But when you see the real Grace, you see the difference.


Pat Brady like I remember the Super Bowl man, like well Brady, because you asked about the similarities or whatever. We playing the bucks earlier that that year the bucks beat the hell out of us. So the coach was like, yo look man, you know they gonna play this coverage, this, that and the third. So Brady used to have his own meetings. So he, he called a skill position like the quarter the quarterbacks running backs, wide receiver tight ends. He said y'all heard what Coach said they not gonna play us in that shit. He started, we met together. Then when we left he sent us individual like, like recordings. Like he was in his crib watching tape.


He going over every D back. This is Super Bowl week. It's crazy. He's like, yo, this dude right here. You know he, he lacks long speech. So he, he holds a lot. You could beat him with Go balls. This dude right here, you know he doesn't do well against, oh he's only good at his own. He gonna do all the players starters and backups. I'm like damn this, this, this dude must have took two days. Mm. No eating, no sleeping, going over every position. So he said look they gonna play us in this coverage. When we got to the game they played us in the same coverage. Damn that Brady talked about while the coaches saying shit do this. He has his own little meeting saying they gonna do that and he did it. I'm like, this white boy is cold.


Cold. Yo bro, that's hard. Different. So when you asking that's exactly exactly what they did. Come on man. Yeah. And then they both like, it's crazy 'cause when I went to the chiefs, pat was asking me about Josh Allen 'cause Josh is talented. His motherfucker, you know what Emini here that's cold. He wanted, he, he wanted to know and he got brother Me you love him 'cause he put like a brother. Yeah and you can't chum me. Yeah. And then when I went to the Bucks, Brady was Lowkey asked me about Pat. I said oh look at these niggas yo. Okay. They lowkey tried to figure out what, you know what Emini here. But that's cold though. That's, that's like Kobe new MJ though. You named three greats that you bounced from. You know what Emini here. So it's just like they want to get any, any, any edge up or any advice they can give.


Yeah. Freaking Josh. They all got dog on him. Only name about Josh's dog though. Because him and Pat similar with the dog. He like a brother home. Josh you can come at him a little bit because we teammates, you know what Emini here you but certain things he ain't gonna let fly. You know certain quarterbacks mentioned some you know white boys, you know brothers can get away with doing a little extra. He ain't with it. He in the football game. He gonna run you over. We playing that game. The dude was talking shit to him and all that. You know what Emini here bet he tried to run him over. He's a linebacker. That's how he play. So when anybody that play with him, they love him 'cause he just, you know, 'cause most quarterbacks ain't gonna give you everything 'cause you ain't protecting theyself.


You know what Emini here, he ain't with all that shit. Oh we practicing. I'm practicing. Oh. It's a fight at practice for I'm in there fighting too. You'll never see that. I'm a quarterback for sure. That's dope. Yeah, I Pat can, can Mahome surpass Brady? Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be a lot though. And it gonna be easy. But I think where they at today I think he's way more advanced than, than than Tom. You know, you look at just the MVPs, how fast the yards. Think about this for a second. The worst we've ever seen, pastor Mahomes is an a FC championship game. That's that Emini here. You know what I'm saying? Every year he gone and lot and he's more of the main reason.


I think some of Brady's joints, he was still just getting up in there. You know what Emini here learning a little bit, you know, letting the defense kind of play it out. Now the way Brady finished that shit was crazy. Like, I leave the England, I'm gonna get a championship every other year. I'm, I'm in the Super Bowl. Like Tom is definitely different and he was 40 years old doing it. You know what Emini here, that's gonna be hard to do. When the Kaepernick situation was going on, what were, how what was the, the vibe of him, how were the players talking? You know, when Jerry Jones was not letting the players kneel and stuff like that? Yeah, we hated that though. You know, 'cause it's like, you know, I, I don't know the reason why Kat was, was doing what he was doing. Right.


'cause every think on the opinion on it, but I, I definitely, now I'm older, I, I respect it 'cause he brought light to it, you know what I'm saying? And sometimes in football or in sports and it's like you matter. It matters to you who, who's saying something or, or what they saying about And when you young, anybody, you see that And I with him 'cause he wasn't the player to be, you know, whatever it is. But the message was powerful. I'm like damn. 'cause like when you play ball the team and everybody treat you a certain way and you black and all that, right? But then you got homeboys or you might see somebody on TV that might lose they life, right. And they black, but they don't have the star power.


You got shit's still wrong. You get what I'm saying? Shit still hurt. So you start looking at things different like damn. Well if that, well if I wasn't a all decade running back, yo I, that could have been me on the, you know what Emini here. So, so that was tough to deal with man because then you see the ownership like, and the bills was really, really good at it. You know what Emini here, good ownership. So they was cool. But other teams where I talk to my homeboys, they're like, yo man, we, we can't kneel. They like, oh this is America. What you mean you can't kneel? How can they tell you that? And they don't wanna upset their seasoned ticket holders. And, and I'm like, so okay, so you really don't really care for me for real. It's a business to you though. You know what, Emini here.


So when that whole thing was going on, you really was questioning a lot of relationships with different people in high, in high positions because like, do you really care for me for real or is it just, you know what, Emini here man, put his whole live his whole livelihood on the line. Yeah. That's what people don't understand. Yep. And then I think for him is he probably never been like another, you know, starter and all that. Right? But he still would've been on somebody's team. You get what I'm saying? Oh, he still would've played. Yeah. There's no doubt, you know what Emini here, but I'm, but I'm saying like, because he spoke out on something now he can't play that. They still have an issue about rec. But back then though, right on, when I was on the other side, when I first heard about the whole thing, I'm like, yo, this dude making a big deal. Like why he, And I was saying like if it was a bigger player, like a Brady and he nit and all that, they'd have found a way to make it.


Okay, let's Just say Brady was black. You know what? Emini here because he matters. But that's how we all was thinking at first. But before, that ain't the main thing though. That don't matter. That matters was right and wrong. And what he was speaking all was right at the time. A lot of players, like even myself, we didn't really understand what he was really saying, you know? And but to your defense, Emini here, it it, like I said, you worked your way out of that in your, in your, your your own bubble. Oh yeah. Right. You know what, Emini here. So I think he made everyone kind of look outside the bubble. Like what's really going on to our people. Pa upbringing. A lot of talent from out that way. Yes. You do. Yourself. Aaron, Donald Sa d Darrell Revis. Yeah. Michael Parsons to name a few.


We from the same town. He from like outskirts. What's it, it's the water out there. The Harris, what is it? The air, what is it out there? Emini here we just, you know Ricky Waters? Ricky Ricky running water. Come on. Daw. Like Parson. You know what Emini Here come on. Oh, Marcus Colson. Marcus Colson. You know what it's yeah. Receiver. Yeah, from the Saints. We got couple cats you remember? Yeah. About in the more than a couple. What was it like coming up out there? It was cool, it was good. You know, sports was always a thing. It's like either you played sports or you was in the streets. Yeah, right. You know, I had an older brother, he played in the pros and, you know, then I had my, my pops. It's funny, like, I don't know how everybody's like raised in they areas, but where I'm from, like if you was really, really good at something sports wise, like certain places you just couldn't go.


And I don't know if it's like that now. You know what I'm saying? Now? Nothing's a hundred percent kids can get in trouble. Anything they do, but it's like cer certain times of the night. Like certain OGs wouldn't let me be around that long. Okay. Shady. You doing okay? Cool. Alright man, get your ass home. Like, you know what, Emini here. So it's more of like a, a whole community that was looking out where now I'd be feeling like some of the OGs now be kind of okay with the young boys doing, they be sending them on the crash missions, right? Right. So back then that we had that type of environment, my town,


Peace of the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is The Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stretch free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


This Is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global edu.


I heard you was nice And I was They told you I was like, Iverson, who was your game? Like Iversson. Did they, they told you that too. I think you told me that. No, I'm saying no. No. You heard I was nice. I'm saying they tell you that I thought we this already. I heard you was nice. I heard you was nice from you though. I didn't hear from no, when else I heard you was nice from, from you. I gotta be honest dog. Listen, I told you a story I'm gonna tell you again. I'm not gonna let you disrespect Chuck like this. Yo, that's my listen, thats my childhood idol dog in my room because I had a million iris in post. You know what I'm saying? Not even on No, no. Pause and all that. Like that was my man. Right? Yeah. So one time I'm in Virginia, Virginia with Mike Vick, my man.


Right? We in his, he had like a little event, whatever we in the club And I think maybe my third year I was young. Him and Chuck from the same hood. They from the same hood. Yeah. Right. We in Virginia. I'm like, oh shit dog. I'm tell my man yo, they go Iverson over there, right? Because I'm a Iverson fan, you know, now I'm to him that ID What's up homie? Shady. What's up homie? What's up? Love Emini here. Emini here. Get up Emini here, get up. Emini here. Yeah, like whole time. Like, oh shit. Ai. So we see him. So Vic like, yo, it's my man Shady. So I'm like, oh man, you know, you know Ai nice to meet you. So he like, now if you know ai, he's always like, this is my first meeting. He's always like happy super affectionate and real and love it.


Yeah. Gimme a hug. Okay. Oh, he said, Aw man, little it it, aw little nigga, man. Hey, he calls homeboy up, Hey, hey, hey, come here. He said, what I tell you about this little nigga right here, man. So now I'm like, oh, he know me though. So now I'm thinking AI know me. He says, yeah, you said he, he, he remind you of you when we used to play football. So I'm like, damn, you was nice like that. In my head I'm thinking that. So I so sold up because I ain't gonna say that you was nice like that. I'm thinking nice like that. So I go, I didn't say this because I was still, but when he walked off I said, Mike, that's crazy. He said that about me in high school. 'cause I'm like, damn dog. He, I remind him or he reminds me of me when I played high school basketball.


I'd have been like that. So we basically, we got the same type of respect. Got the same kind bullshit. Like he, he, yeah man. So that's what Mike said. Nah, so, so, so, so hey, I just seen him at this. We did a little signing in Philly, man, And I wanted to tell you this story and shit. So when you see the episode, the feelings mutual bro know what Emini here. Fuck yeah. What I'm saying. So that when he said like that, just know this, he thought of me like on the football fan And I put him on the court. I, yeah, yeah. So, but your last organized basketball is what? Seventh grade? Something like that.


Oh shoot. Hold up. He so like, y'all, y'all, y'all successful Hoopers C elite them crazy. Yo, did y'all play, did y'all play freshman seventh grade as freshman or no, I didn't. Ninth grade was my freshman. Okay. But I, but I never played from freshman basketball. Well what about in the seventh, eighth grade? I think I sat the bench on one of 'em years. But I was good enough to be on the bench as a seventh grader or ninth grade team. And the eighth grade I was nice on a freshman. But then I went to this, I can't say I got recruited. Hold on. You say the seventh grader on the ninth grade bench? Yeah. Yeah. Y'all middle school and high school was one. Nah, but it's the same.


Like, it, it's the public school. So you're saying you were good enough to go sit on the freshman? Yeah, that's what I'm saying, bro. That's all I'm saying. Were you good enough to play though? Yeah. No. Well, well no. Emini here. I don Emini here. I played like, I played something. I played the eighth grade year was nice though. The eighth grade year was really, I was bro as a seventh grader. I was playing with the ninth graders. You played with the ninth graders? I didn't start, but I still was playing with seventh grade graders. No, but, but I'm saying okay, so maybe I'm tripping. 'cause in my high school it is 9, 10, 11, 12. It is. But basketball, I didn't go to school with the ninth graders. They just let you go play at the high school too. They do it somewhere. They don't do it everywhere. In some cities you can go up.


Yeah. So what I'm, so what I'm saying is there, there there's school type of layups. So how can you be in the eighth high school play in the high school? It's just probably like their filter high school, their, their feeder high school that the middle school, they probably get to go to their feeder high school Anyway. Just know this. Do there's know this, you know, and, And I didn't play high school basketball, you know what I'm saying? But when I watch some of these players, they talk about comparisons. Right. You, you play everything. So when I watch guys like AI And I see the quickness, quick, twitch, fast, explosive, I'm like, okay, then I see like Kyrie Irving, I see his little, all right, cool.


You had a lot of that. You definitely have that. I'm just saying on the field you definitely that. Yeah. You mastered that. Stop and start. No question. And, And I was, I was workaholic When I was in high school, I kind of stopped working as hard. But in high school I worked hard as shit. So I'd have been shooting a hundred, 500 jump shots in a game or a day. But we'll never know. We'll never know. He said we'll never know. We'll never know. That's a true story. That AI shit is a real story. I'm like, damn you, you was me. I want to, yo, I wanna say it so fast. Like damn, that's crazy. Because I thought the same thing about you. But now we're done talking about the bullshit back to the real shit. What you really can do.


Right. Amazing. You know, God willing Hall of fame football career. Yeah. Almost never happened. Yeah. Compound fracture. You had suffered in high school. Yeah. What happened? Yeah, just man, like I was, that was crazy. So you know, at this time, right, I'm the number one running back in the country. Probably like eighth or something overall, you know what I'm saying? Like seven, eight scholarships. I was doing my thing then my, my senior year I had like a thousand yards in three games dog. I was really balling. So I break my ankle to, to rival school. Damn. And then I go Free Ricky, your name Ricky. I go for the, And I get hurt.


So I'm probably getting calls a a day from my head coaches. You know you 17, you think you knew everything, you know? And when I got hurt, man, like that shit all stopped. Like I went from seven, eight college trips to like four. I remember I committed to Miami, you know, and then I had to go to prep school to like rehab my ankle And I stopped gonna school. I was all messed up. And these dudes would be at my school recruiting dudes and wouldn't even come holler at me. You know what I'm saying? But you was just a five star. You was just a player. And I was number one player. Player. He was just begging me dog. Yeah. Pete Curl, this is when Reggie Bush was Reggie Bush running through la He hosted you on the, your visit. Right? Come on bro. Was he he had it laid out.


I'm talking about we went shopping and shit this before NIL. We went shopping, they closed the store down. They like get what you want. Mm. I'm like, damn. You know what I'm saying? Kim was I, this is what, I ain't know who Kim was, but she was around. She was all right. She was cool. They had all the, they had all the girls, they had everything. But that was a nice little trip. But anyway, so I go from that to USE, not even answering my calls. That's dead. Yeah, that Hollywood shit was over after that. And I ain't really had no more schools. So then I, Penn State was a school I wanted to, wanted to play for. It's like a hometown. You know what Emini here school. But paternal was different. I won't, you know, rest in peace. I won't get into that. But he had his own perception of me before he even knew me, you know.


But that didn't work out. Then pit day, once I was the NFL coach, it just worked out. 'cause he's, he's like me, NFL coach. He want ballers. You know what Emini here, he don't care about all the little stuff. And I remember I was gonna commit to Penn State anyway, this to prove Joe paternal wrong, that I'm a good kid and all that. And my, my dad was like, nah yo, you gave Pittsburgh your word that you at least take one visit before you make a decision. That's why I was saying like, yo real dads matter though. 'cause like something small like that. Hold up man. You gave me your word. You going back up there. I'm like, but dad, I don't wanna, he said, I don't care if you gave your word. So I go back up there And I loved it.


Now the team won't, that's good. You know what Emini here. But the players was like me, city kids, you know they was, they was cool. The coaches was NFL coaches. So they liked talent versus seniority and all that. Yeah, the politics. Yep. It worked out. You know, he gave me a chance to get my name back. I remember telling me like yo, ah, you know, so I go from up here to to to down here. How long did it take you to rehab and get back to feeling like yourself? So when I was in prep school, I didn't even start dude. Some dude beat me out 'cause he was going to Miami And I Emini here. Imagine me, you know how I play. I'm like quick and shifty. I was running dudes over, I was outta shape. You know what Emini here, I was all messed up anyway, so they would come see him, the other kid gonna Miami.


And then it took me about a year and a half to really get myself together. So then I leave there in the year And I go to pit. So now my mind's different. Okay, this is my second chance, you know, and all these people counting me out, you know what I'm saying? And I went from people that was on my, just doing everything I wanted to do with me, with my boys, this, that there and now they kind left me. Nobody texted me. So I said okay cool. So when I got the pit, I did my thing, you know, I only really did like a year and a half And I went straight to the league. But that was a good point for me because when I got to the NFL, you know I still had like the hanger hang ons in my homeboys and stuff like that. But I slowly left 'em earlier in my career because I remember like how, like how people really treated me when you was hurt.


Yeah. Damn. You know what I'm saying? I'm 17, like I ain't, you know, sometimes people do they they 30 and they play the league all these years and then they done, maybe they ain't the same. They legal. You called it early. I'm 17. So that was, that was a good, that was a good one for me though. To learn from, you know. Hmm. Where'd the name nickname Shady come from? Damn where that, oh my mom gave me that name. She said I was always Shady as a kid. Like I'd be happy, sad. Yeah. Know what I'm saying? Just up and down. Yeah. Then the neighbors picked up on kids in school. So, but I ain't sha you no more though that shit. This is a name. You know I fucked with you one day on the next day. I'm good on him. Like yeah, not no more.


What do you stand from? Saquon. He broke your record. He doing his thing ain't he? Yeah, so we, we all, so me and Sequin always been cool. He from Pennsylvania, whatever. And you know we was talking about even coming to to the Eagles, I'm like yo, what's the right, you know, place this not the third. We do a golf, we did a golf hour this year about just a year. I, I knew he have a big year. Not like this but a big ass year. But now I'm happy for him man. He, he a hell of a player. He been nice since college. I think he got to New York and he had a chance to show it 'cause 'cause he was hurt. You know what, Emini here couple years and then the team wasn't as good. But like I'm all for uplifting the next generation. It don't matter how good Quan Barkley do, I'm already made.


Right. You can't take that away from me. Right. So when people be like, yo, you ain't mad about breaking? I'm like, nah, my, my like bro I got, I got some, I got some good numbers about to be in the Hall of Fame, that shit. Yeah. So I wanna do good because it's funny, you know everything's in competition, right? But as players you always that love to get people that love the game. You always a fan of the game. So before I even knew him, he was a fan of me. He would tell me these things. He broke the record. He said yo, it's crazy to be, when he first broke the record in the game because I went to the game and oh here was it the Rams game? I was with the owner, we was watching the game, whatever. And on the mic he said Yo, yo that's yo we broke, yo we broke Shadys record.


Right. And I took that as like that's aard of respect. Absolutely because I actually know him. So I know he got respect for me. But if I didn't know him And I heard that, you get what I'm saying? It mattered to him. Yeah man, when we talked man, he was like, yo bro, break your record is big. That's why like the shit going on with Eric Dickerson and all that. Like yo dog, you a og, you a legend homie, you had Jerry Curl, you was scoring touchdowns for the Rams. Like that was big. Now you got a chance to pass your record down to Saquon. This the same way OJ passed it to you. Because in my, like right now if you look I'm probably what like six highest paid running back of all time football been there for years. Right. I never had a problem getting a contract.


I do my thing, I get busy pay me top of the market. Some of these other dudes that did the same, not maybe as much as I did but are doing really well. They're not having a chance to get them them contracts. So when we have a situation where a 40-year-old record can be broken for the next generation, why wouldn't you let this dude do it? And why you mad about it? Because Josh Jacobs running back for the Packers was nice. He played for the Raiders, they won that good but he still was busy. He led the league in Russian. I remember talking to him, he's saying that the Raiders didn't even offer him a contract. I'm like how not? It's like being a scoring chain and don't even, what we talking about Saquon balls out he is the New York Giants and you rather pay Daniel Jones.


Yeah. Ain't even on the team. No, the mark is messed up. But you can go, you can be Baker Mayfield get a second chance. Now they talking about get a second chance. Trevor Lawrence is God awful. Awful. He's the second highest or third highest paid quarterback in football. Jordan Love is good though. Right? But you gonna make him the highest paid quarterback after one year. Because if that's the running back or wide receiver, you are not doing that CD. Lamb's a you a cowboy right? Yeah. Say what one? My CD lamb. He balls though. He called he cold. If he, if he's not better then Justin Jefferson. Okay, whatever. But they close though. So you telling me in the open market bro and it's my time to get a deal.


I can't get jump over him contract-wise. Right. But you going to tell me that Lamar Jackson, Josh Ally, Patrick Holmes can get jumped over by Trevor Lawrence. That's crazy. You get what I'm saying? That's crazy. They got the game so messing with the quarterbacks. So that's why I was mad with the Eric Dickerson 'cause I'm like yo, if he breaks his record now dudes like Derrick Henry that has 1900 yards is still balling won't take a $7 million contract or something. Like he's like 8 million. How? Because they not respecting the the running back position. This is a step stone to do that. So now the next generation 10, 20 years from now, they gotta respect it. So it's bigger than Saquon and Di Eric.


Yeah Dickerson. You get what I'm saying? You not sitting out the last game. You gonna get that 104 year old all the time. You know it's funny, all our homeboys on the chat, you know that play with the Eagles and all that that's playing there now I won't say their names but they play with me and they playing there now. So you can imagine who that is. They like if this was Shady was hair, this shit will not go down like this. It'll be a whole conversation all week while we not playing. 'cause I'm gonna get my record. Yeah because when I'm, when I'm, when I'm 50 years old and I'm six years old. Absolutely. Yeah. And I want my keys and all that. When you just a hundred yards away bro and you average one 60. Yeah. And you playing the Johnson. The dudes that got rid of me. Yeah it ain't weak. Yeah you gotta get that record on them. It was man, it was set up for him to do it. God don't make no mistakes.


Not at all. You don't think playing like that. Oh so we gonna get rid of you. Okay we we gonna set the Russian record and we gonna play him again. God set that up. Yeah but I Emini here. I get it now. He is. Now I will say one thing about Saan that I am not like he is a great teammate and he's his and he puts his teammates first. I did that. But they gotta be with contents. Yeah. Everything deserves the nuance. Right. I'm for the team but hold up man bro. This record been here for 50 years. When your ass is going, you going, I'm going. It's still going be here. I can't go get a hundred yards 'cause I gave you 2000 yards though. For to winning and all that. Right. Playing So, you know, but I, I I get the message though, like they had their bi week, like week three so they had a full season like so I understand but it tough more motherfucker let him go get that guy.


I don because this dude, you know what? Now that's another thing though real quick. I watched this whole week or last week. How dudes had incentives, they got him all of 'em. Ta I I played with Mike Evans, we three, he got his, he deserved it though. Nah Mike, he adult. But I'm saying when I was there with him it'd be times he had nine oh yards. I don't give a fuck. We be doing, we going get him his thousands. Right. Yeah. That's just sign of respect. Right. Come on man. And Brady probably Brady played for him to get to the s that supposed to go. Yeah. So. Yep. Absolutely. And then how Dallas didn't let old Boy play the last game to get a certain amount of Cooper Rush 500 k. For real? It was, was it 3 25 I think. Oh it was, it was. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh that's crazy. Trevor, Trey land, Tre Lance someone played the whole season.


Oh no he did these but they, they try to use that like oh we got Yeah. Instead of letting that boy get that extra 325,000 that's, that's but yeah that, that's wild. That's why Dallas won't win though. You can't, don't do shit like that. Wait, do y'all do, do y'all do the basketball? You can't do people like that. Incentives? Yeah. Championship no incentives like some guys do. Yeah. Bounding some guys do. Yep. Allstar game. Yeah. Okay. Championship you win, you win a ring. Like but there anything where like you gotta average some of your points or score or you know what Emini here, that that, that's for certain big players. Like you win a championship, like you got your contract, you win a championship, you get money. So y'all never had nothing like where I need a certain amount of points this game to Yeah because okay like we gonna go out, I'm gonna go out there and play with you.


Yeah. So my boy can get his his shit off. Yeah. No Emini here. Bonuses happen but like I think our money's guaranteed so no matter how good or bad we play, we get it the whole thing. Yeah. Yeah. Soon as you sign your name baby. Yep. Damn. So five foot 200 you getting the whole Yeah. Getting all of it. Oh wow. That's a blessing. And I can opt out the last year and get a bigger deal. Oh man. Y'all blessing though. I'm talking like other players. That's what they did. Yeah. Nah, nah, that's that's go ahead. Can Jalen hurts win the Super Bowl? I think so. I think so. Emini here like it's all what you want in the quarterback. 'cause obviously you'll take the, the Josh Allens first or you'll take the Lamar way he plays or Pat even the burrows.


Well one thing I give Jalen hurts bro. He find a way to win. Yeah. And this thing is like when you talk about other players, the first thing you gonna talk about is what their attributes are. Yo, his arm is crazy. Yo, he's accurate. You can't even tackle Lamar Jalen you gonna say yo, he a winner. Yeah this games I see where he might play awful dog but we need that last drive bro. He find his a way And I respect that. He's been like that his whole life under underdog. Gotta a win. He been a Super Bowl, you know and lost the, you know top three quarterback, Patrick Holmes, Andy Reed. But I think he can win it all our team Emini here. It's bigger than Jalen Hertz. Like AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, our receivers. You got Saquon Barkley and running back and you got the best offense line of football and your tight end is decent and you got the number one defensive football.


It's set up. If we don't want it this year, maybe next year 'cause we are a little young. It might be 'cause every team has that window. Window. Yeah. Like I look at the Steelers. Damn LA had eight AB is what he is but AB was not killer us. Look at the Niners. What's number seven name on defense for y'all? Defensive end. He not there no more. He not there no more? Nah, wherever he he from Jersey. Huh? He's from Jersey, from Philly and all that. Where he at now? Jets. Jets. Okay. He said you need him right? Nah, he didn't have a sack this year. Oh he nah he didn't not he said Antonio Pierce just got fired from the Raiders. He did. Wow. We was waiting to see how those was gonna work out. Emini here they man, they just doing shit man.


Like you get him one year for real. You fire the other coach in the Wing England one year. Like who gonna win? Who gonna win? Like that Peace of the planet


Charlemagne the God here. And I just want you to know if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide that everything you're into or want to get into, whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


This Is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering. All backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


See it's funny 'cause like I feel like player coaches now they hiring 'em 'cause they gotta hire him 'cause it's a lot of noise. And then dudes are doing well too and it's a lot of younger guys getting the jobs and they hiring players back in the old heads we gonna hire they people. Right. But my thing is how good can a player do yo with one year? Right. Yeah. I like, I like Aaron Glenn finna get one of 'em jobs. Who? Aaron Glenn. He nice though. He finna get one of 'em jobs. He nice bro. Yeah they yeah you're right. Yeah. Offense and defense. He crazy too though. You sure right. Offense. But he don't, Aaron don't get enough credit though because that defense is all hurt. Banged up. He's still balling. Yeah, but Glen crazy. Glen Glen is nice.


They got a nice team. They gonna be probably our biggest matchup. Detroit. What? What? What's gonna happen against the Packers? We gonna beat shot of packers man, they don't got nothing for us. The quarterback hurt. They all banged up. They ain't beat nobody on here. Watch you done for the season. It's over. Yeah, we gonna beat on them. We, I think it's gonna be the Eagles in the Detroit that the Champs game? Yeah, you can say that. You can say that. You say that Sam Don gotta show me still. Who? Sam. Don gotta show me. I just gave this whole analogy the other day man. I said yo, tell me how this shit would go in y'all sport. A really, really good player that's been balling for some years.


Right. But this year he's in a slump and he's going on like a 8, 6, 7, 8 game slump ain't playing. Well eventually though this real good player that's confident as no is bounce back. He gonna bounce back. Yeah. If you are a sorry player for like six something years, go to a new team though. Right. New beginning in your seventh year with a really good coach and within like, I don't know, 11 to 12 games you balling. But when that bad moment comes eventually though, that bad player gonna be the player he is. So I'm thinking like yo, how, how y'all just forget how bad if somebody's having a good moment but then somebody that's nice you don't forget his, his weaknesses or you don't forget when he did that.


Because I would think like when Lamar Jackson, they love to bring up Oh his playoffs and all that shit. Oh he don't win the playoffs right now. That's true to that. I think he got like two 12 wins. But dude like Sam Donald, it's like y'all all believe in this dude. Yeah. 12, 13 good games. Think you talking about paying him. You see what I'm saying? You gonna pay this dude. He been trans for years but then a good ass running back or a good ass wide receiver, you don't even pay him. That's why I hate with all like this, they play these games, the politics, more players in there. It won't be going like that. Yeah. Sam Don, I gotta show me. Hey, so wait you, you from, you from Texas? Texas. So you from Texas? I don know why I thought you was from Atlanta at first.


I just lived, been living there since 2003. Yeah man. And you from, you from out here this way right up north. Up north. Yep. What's that? Bay Bay. Sacramento. Because I be, I be doing real estate man. I be, so I got got some big shit coming up and so right now I'm helping players like to go back home and develop in they they hometown. That's what I'm doing because no, I don't care who the person is. Nobody's gonna be a bigger star than they hometown. Right. So I'm supposed to be Right. Right. So I'm teaming up with, you know, N-F-L-P-A, you know, meeting with them and different investors. One of my best friends, Aaron Donald, he got, you know, two affordable projects.


Right. So a lot of things are affordable housing. I got like two or three right now going on And I go to these dudes neighborhoods, right? I won't even say the names yet, but a couple players. It's really, really good. Go to the city, I meet with them, meet with they mayors and all that and we get, you know, respectfully we'll get a, a discounted price on lots because we're trying to develop 'em, you know, we got money, you know, we got resources. We're trying to develop these lots. So this the next, you know Matt Barnes and up up north that might not have a shot because his living situation is not the best. Now he comes to the projects where it's supposed to be like, oh you live the projects to now. Oh damn. Do you live in the projects too? Oh yeah. Because this, this is all new. It's marble floors is all that.


Right. That's dope. And there's some good money in it. So now you going back home, you, you, you helping your community out and you making money. You get what I'm saying? So now we slow this narrative of when ex-players, I don't know how basketball is, but a lot of dudes, they go, they, they, they got no more money when they done so now bro, you making money and you giving back to your community and the NFL could be a part of that. That dope did you brought the NFL in and ambassador because that's the hardest explain capital when you look like us bro. And you always don't wanna have to put your own money in. So Emini here I'll do that too though. Like right now, before I got like the real funding, I was doing a lot of my own And I got a lot of a good team behind me and all that. But I see, I seen the model of work.


You know what Emini here build your starting offense with NBA players. Just skill. Just skill players. Just skill players. So like who would you have as your tight end? Oh I did this with. Okay. Okay. Check it out. Check it out. I'm gonna say the position you, you say the player. Okay. Tight end. And it gotta be somewhere from N-B-A-N-B-A? Yeah. Okay. Tight end. I'm going with, I need somebody like six eight, small four. I'm going with Haka Moore from the Lakers? Yeah. You go use your tight end because he got his body frame. You know what Emini here? Yeah. Alright.


Who you going with as your quarterback? Ooh, quarterback. Alright. I need somebody that can move around a little bit. Throw you know what Emini here I'm going with Antman. Antman as your quarter quarterback. Quarterback an man. Let's get it's dog. You know what Emini here, who's your running back? Ooh, I need somebody. That's tough right? But I wanna shifty running back. Right. Lil Euro step. You know what I'm saying? But physical. Ooh bru. I like Brunson though. He, I don't know how fast he is though. He quick though. I'm gonna go with Tyre.


Nah, nah, I don dunno if Tyree could take the head little. Yeah. Yeah. Tyre nice though. Yeah. Fuck that. I'm going rush book. I'm gonna Smart supposed power. That's good. That's good. Yeah. As that's a great pick. You know what, Emini here, that's a great pick. Okay. Ap. Okay. Who? Who? Westbrook ap. Who? Who? Who's your receiver? You know you mad. He be like, you know who's your receiver? Three receivers. Okay. Alright. I'm gonna go with Sha. Okay. SGA you what? Emini here s He got that. I'm gonna go with him. He gonna be in his slot though. Yeah, but now I need him on the outside. I need a bigger body. You know, go getter. Mm, no, check that.


Check that, check that. Check that. He my route runner. I want a, I'm going with LeBron. Okay. I slot, I was waiting. I I'm gonna LeBron a slot big body. He older now. He ain't really? Yeah, now he kind of possessing receiver breaking him down. Okay. And then my fast bull. I need a fast bull. Oh. What's Dre's boyfriend name? Because that, he lets me know Jalen Green, Ja, Jayden, Ja, Jalen, Jalen Green. You know why no. How'd you announce this nigga? Wes Dre? No, no, no. I, no, I know who he is. I he young. I know he, he nice. He's super short. He nice. Yeah. Nah, I'm fucking with you though. It's respect, not respect now before. But Emini here. That's if you say, if you go to say, hey, what's Dre's young boyfriend, you Right.


She gonna what Emini here you right. Anyway. Absolutely right. What's Jalen? Jalen green. Jalen Green. Now look, he super athletic fast. Super crazy athletic. Yep. Fast. Yo, he's fearless. Right. And he don't care what nobody fucking think. He gonna ball out get what nobody thinks. Yeah. I like him. All right. Since you built, since you did that, let's go to build up your ultimate running back. Who speed would he have? That's football now, right? Yes. He's still basketball. Yeah, football. Football. Alright. Speed. Who speed would he have the ultimate running back? It gotta be either Jamir Gibbs 'cause he's current or Chris Johnson. Size. Size.


Man I'm going with, I'm going with Beast Mode. Ooh yeah. I thought you was gonna say Derrick Henry. That's too big. It's it's only him. Yo. That's what I'm saying. He, it's only him. Yo. All right. Strength Adrian Peterson. Peter Strength. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Vision. My vision. I was about to say that. I knew he was about to say that. It's my glasses off. They can see your vision. On my eyes low but I don No, no. He said my eyes. Come on man. See look at nigga Stack TV going wrong. Like come on. So Shadys Vision. Whose hands?


Marshall Fault. Marshall Fault. Easy. Easy call. Easy call. Or you can go the Damien. Ooh they both, they both had hands, but Marshall started that. Marshall was called not get but at the backfield. The Damien was crazy. You right. But I think Marshall was now you right, I'm with you. Yeah, I feet, feet. Barry. Wait, before I say feet is moves in it? Yeah, that's feet. No, no, no, no, no. Yes. Moves are in feet. Oh dang. So, oh, so, so moves. So Drew moves his feet. Yeah. Yeah. Barry Sanders. Yep. Yeah. Easy and dog. Oh, I got two good ones. I got one. My main man, Frank Gore. Frank. Frank Go. I like was oh, you was saying I was gonna say Walter Payton or what's a good one?


I was gonna say Bo Jackson. Ooh, do no, do do was it Walter Payton? And remember he did Brian bad. Brian Bosworth. Yeah. Ran through his chest. Mike Alstein, Jim Brown. I said little running back. He jumped out. Who, who, who was the second one you said? You said Jim Brown. Jim Brown. Earl Campbell What? Earl Campbell. Earl Campbell was Earl Campbell Emini here? Nah, Jimmy. He was. Jimmy was. Yeah. Well he was respectful. His rest in peace. But I know he was nice. Yeah. Do he was as big as the lineman. Yeah. You know what Emini here? Earl Campbell though? Yeah. Earl Campbell. Walter Peyton. He put he man Earl Campbell was dangerous. What'd you think about the boy from Arizona State Bul now?


Yeah, he got do. And I, I, he showed me that 'cause he was doing a lot of crying and whining and shit. The whole game or the first half, then second half, he just stopped crying and he started throwing passes, catches leg. What? What's his, And I'm saying he was real extra. Right. But he did turn it on though. I gave that he got a chance, he got a chance in the league. Who? Scbu? He, that's a great question, bro. I I got the same question about Gente too, because Gen Genty? Yes. Just yes. Okay. I think sca, I I, I, you don't think he got a chance But let me Just say like, hear me out because there's sometimes where like you don't think a dude can Yeah. And then he do it. You know what, Emini here. Yeah, but I, I think he's a, you ever see like a really good college player?


Yeah. That Emini here. You know what, Emini here. So he's like that because I don't, he ain't super quick. I was watching this game. He, he don't really read the holes. Well and he's big in the league. They big too though. Like all that, you know what I'm saying? You know N NFL's all about explosion and you know, I just, I don't know. He ain't showing me. Show me's really talented in college. You wanna see. You gotta see, wanna see. Yeah. He now Gent gonna be all right. He didn't show, he didn't show no talent. He just did everything out there on the field during the game. You see what I'm saying? He did everything bro. He liked Tebow. Like Tebow was good at that. Like I'm just gonna be good at college. He did everything out there. Receiving, throwing the motherfucker running it. He did it all Quick. Hitters, first thing that come to mind, let us know. Top five running backs of all time.


Ooh. Gail, Sears, Barry Sanders, Adrian Peterson, Marshall, FA, la Damian Thomason I like And I love OJ too. Yeah, I know, I know. Rest the piece to the Juice. Well come on dog. He was a drink. Orange juice. 'cause of the juice. Said I used to drink orange juice. My dad said you gonna drink OJ Juice? Yeah, you did one album you can listen to with no skips. Oh man. Okay. This is worth, that is my lane. So I grew up a 50 cent fan though. I ain't mad at that. I like 50. I'm 50. So Get Rich Die trying. Yeah. But I'm gonna go there. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go.


I wanna go Biggie. I love Biggie Nas. I'm gonna go with what album is that? It was written, it was written, it was crazy. What's Gigi's album Trap Die, I feel to that shit first. No Man, thug Motivation. I still listen to that drink. I, I like East Coast Trap or Die. Yeah. Me and DJ argue about this. I don't really listen to West Coast. I know Kevin Dudes like Kendrick's nice, nice. You know what I'm saying? But I, I like it. I'm North Music. Who, who was your childhood crush? Oh Chick. Oh. I hit my childhood crush twice. I can't put it on. I can't, yeah, don't do that. You fucked it up. But she, who, who was the childhood she used be bad as fuck though.


What did she do though? What did she do? She's an actress. Okay. She was bad as shit when I had her. Now she oldest and this and she, she reaching for everybody. Well that's w hit your child crush. Everybody can't say that, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well Emini here she was, she contacted Emini here. Damn. I'm trying. I'm 21 Twenty's. Why? 'cause she was older, way older than me on some Dre's shit. Yeah. Nah, Snoop is crazy. Five dinner guests Dead or alive? You plus five at the dinner table. Say that again. Five dinner guests Dead or Oh, oh, it could be like Famous or anybody. Yeah. Anybody. Anyone at your dinner table? Oh man, Mr.


Lori, the Eagles owner. My parents. Okay. And then my kids. That's five. Yeah. We ain't never had this like that. That's five all family people you love. Yep. Yep. If you didn't play in the NFL, oh, you wanna know if I wanna answer this question? Yeah. Because I don't need, yeah, what what would be your job? Yeah, because what would you do? Yeah, because we might be fucking workers. Like we like coworkers, teammates. We might be teammates. Yeah. Yeah. Like you know what Emini here, you might be young yo man get back on defense. You might be doing that. Y what? Emini here. Acting crazy. You be cutting your head to pass you to rock.


Talking about what would I do, why I play football? We already knew the answer to that. We already knew the answer. That one. Nah, you know what though? For real, for real. Yo, I would be a, I would be Birdman. Yo. That Birdman? Yeah. Okay. I be signing all the rappers. I'm going city, city, state to state. You know what Emini here putting out young boys on? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm a real leader though. What happened to boy? Yeah. Yeah. How about I see he's like, Hey man, I love a show. You gotta get a real nigga on there. So look, so, so you know Bird Off Smooth. I'm like, yeah, yeah my, alright who you got in mine? He like, what niggas like niggas me? He said, who you got mine?


Hold on. I'm like yeah, gotta get some real niggas on there taught that football or taught that sports shit. I'm like, well alright bet Who real, real niggas you got in line for me though? He looking at me like, like what? Look at me. You know what I'm saying Number I'm, I'm gonna get with you like Emini here. The producer was like oh you sure he want Birdman it after he was getting all crazy and all that. But I'm gonna get him on the show. Yeah. Out Bird. Shout out Bird. Oh that's the, that's the og. Oh that was some funny shit. He said that though. I like that. Seem like a basketball game. Seen that shit. I said okay, what's your guilty pleasure? What you mean exactly what I asked you? Somebody said yesterday, said pussy.


What's your guilty pleasure? That's crazy man. My mom watch Y shit. Sorry mom guilty. You know this is, this is crazy but like I'm gonna say success. Okay. You know what I'm saying? You be feeling like you can't even really even like, because I'm a natural talk, I talk shit. You know what Emini here and sometimes people might like, oh this dude he's so arrogant but my shit really be like funny. So you Say fun? Yeah. What Emini here I love Celebrate Cats. You know it's crazy how many times I use y'all's examples. You know Emini here, people that got chemistry that's doing they thing, but you know, but, but yeah that's process. 'cause you felt bad that like damn dog.


Like I, you know, I made it and like my main man didn't. And that's a good point. I'm buying what I want and he can't. It's like, yeah, I like that. I can dig that. I like it. One guest that you would like to see on All The Smoke, but yeah, I had a couple. I seen the shit y'all posted. But you have to help us get your answer on the show. I don't even know Denzel. We don't either, but somebody else promised us. Will Smith, wherever you at. Yeah, you promised us to get Denzel on the show Will Smith. And we haven't seen you or heard from you so brother, brother, brother, brother. Help us out mate. Yeah. Know. We'll pull. He gonna be at the game though. He gonna be at the Eagle game.


He about to get with him. Yeah. You know, I wanna see y'all with though because I want to, I want to hear what they gotta say is one of my good brothers bro. Eric, Adrian Broner. Yeah, AB what's up? He got a real story though. He do, he do shout from different, he'll be a great interview superstar. You know what, Emini here, like I need to, I need to get him on my boxing show for sure. That's my man. I, I'm, I'm gonna probably hit him up about it Emini here. I hope y'all get him on. That's my man. Yeah, yeah. Fuck bro, man, we appreciate you man. Congratulations on all the success. Shady fun. Yeah, it's been fun, man. Watching your growth and working together. We looking forward to hopefully doing some more stuff in 2025 with you, bro. You got to continued success. That's for the crush was crazy though. Yeah man. I don, I want that gumbo you talked about. I'm finna make it right now.


Gonna make it right now man. That's wrap. Judy Shady McCord. Oh wait, wait, hold. I got the book dog all, I got the book. I need another gift. Yeah, I got the book already on. I know it's in, it's some drip in there. It's some drip in there. It's in my living room. Okay. Yeah. I got y'all some. We appreciate you. We appreciate you. I support all my people dog. Okay. All right. Okay. Yeah we got the Philly Loves All The Smoke right here. Yeah, Philly Love. Yeah. Oh wait, y'all went to, y'all went to the, you can that and it's Eagles Green. You can that to the game. We tried that. You had to work. IA came out that drink with your had to wall out there. Oh they okay. Yeah. Go rock that to the playoff game. Shout out to our sponsor. Draft Kings. The Crown is yours.


You can, the crown is yours. Okay. Nah, he do that all the time. I gotta read, I gotta read all the, all the joints so I know. Yeah. Crown is yours and all that. Deshaun didn't read none of the, none of them. Nah, I read 'em all. I read 'em all. You can catch on the draft network and All The Smoke productions. You see The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year.


One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to stay locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now. When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin and to core processors.


Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo, This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself.


Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Hello, iHeart listener. We have a confession to make. Well, if iHeart in this commercial you're listening to right now would probably sound a heck of a lot better on the new Roku Pro series tv. It's got side firing speakers that fill your room with sound. Dolby Atmos audio that puts you right in the middle of the entertainment and the ability to pair seamlessly with your home theater sound systems that already have surround sound and booming bass. If all that sounds too good to be true, it'll sound even better on the new Roku Pro series. Your hearing isn't better. Your TV is.