
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You hear that Exclusive, you know she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. It's Lauren la Rosa and this is the latest with Lauren La This is everything, pop culture, entertainment, news, exclusives, and all of the conversations that shake the room. Now, starting off with the behind the scenes of the grind. Check-in 'cause Lowriders, y'all know how we do. We be moving, moving, moving, grinding, grinding, grinding. And don't ever take a second, don't ever take a beat for ourselves to really tap in feet on grass.


See how we feeling this morning or today If I'm checking in behind the scenes of the grind, back On the grind, grinding, I am feeling Rest or anticipation. Maybe it's a, it's an anticipation of rest because we do have a, a break coming up for the holiday for the 4th of July holiday, which means I will not have to wake up every morning to come into The Breakfast Club. So that 3:34 AM alarm, baby shut off. I am so excited for that. So I'm anticipating being able to have, I'm still gonna have an alarm. 'cause you know, I got things going on during the week. We'll still be in court until jury deliberations are over, but it won't be.


No 4:00 AM God is good. Can we, can we put a little church shout right here? Some tambourine, some something. 'cause God is so good when you get a week to not wake up at three, four o'clock in the morning. Lord, I am so grateful. But God, you know, I'm gonna enjoy this break. Now, getting on into the latest, huge story yesterday, major story, Anna Winter. Oh my God, Anna Winter is stepping away or stepping down from her position at Vogue as editor in chief after 37 years in this position, man, the queen of fashion, the Queen of fashion houses, the Queen of Fashion editorial and a winter style icon.


And a winter has decided after 37 years of running the fashion world with her trailblazing vision and, you know, all of the, the, the, the resources and, you know, the direction that she's been able to provide via Vogue. She, she's gonna take a step back. Now, she's not gonna completely be doing like nothing, right? Like this is, I don't think a person that has been as active and, you know, as influential as an Anna Wintour could honestly just take a step back fully like, like fully retire, do nothing type of thing. So of course it wasn't a surprise to hear that she won't just be doing anything, right?


So what she's gonna actually do is she is going to remain as Conde Nast global Chief Content Officer. You know, she still will also be Vogue's Global editorial director. So she'll still have a hand in things and a hand in the game a bit, but it, it will be very different than how we've been used to seeing her. Now, what that means for all of the people who are not into fashion, who, you know, this has nothing, y'all like, well why does this have anything to do with us? Right? This means that as content, as Chief Content Officer, she will oversee various different brands under Conde Nast. So Conde Nast is like the parent company. Conde Nasc is like iHeart for radio stations, right?


So it's the parent company under Conde Nast. You have Wired, you have Vanity Fair, you have GQ Magazine, you have Conde Nas Traveler, you have Glamour Magazine, allure, and, and, and a few other outlets. So she'll still be overseeing content across all of those platforms under Conde Nas, which is the parent company, but she just will no longer be editor in chief at Vogue. Now people are like, what is an editor in chief's role? If you're the editor in chief, you are like very highly ranked. Now there is very much so a, a ranking system in the fashion world. And baby the people respected editor-in-chief is the highest ranking editor, editorial professional at a publication.


So you oversee the entire editorial processing team. Everything from, you know, what will the clothes be in the stories we tell, to what are the stories, to who are the stories, to how we're telling the stories, to what the art looks like. The art is like the photos and, and putting that full vision together of the magazine and, and how it is conveyed for the month to your readers. But also, you know, there's vogue.com as well too. So then there's that digital element of that as well. Same thing, what's the story? Who's the story? Why are we doing the story? What are the assets, the photos, the videos, the feeling, the texture of the story. Anna Winter has been able to put a lot of big names, celebrities on the cover of Vogue and there have been a lot of lists coming out of different people.


She's put on Vogue. So September, 1989 you have Naomi Campbell on the cover of Vogue, November, 2001, Britney Spears on the cover of Vogue. You have April, 2008 with LeBron James and Giselle Kin who used to be married to Tom Brady. A lot of people forget that Giselle was such a big model on the cover of Vogue, Michelle Obama in 2009 on the cover of Vogue, which was a big deal because first of all, the cover read Michelle Obama, the first lady the world's been waiting for because you know, Barack Obama first black president and then you had Michelle Obama sitting next to him. But Michelle Obama was heavily critiqued and criticized for her choice of fashion while in the role of First Lady.


So Vogue standing next to her was a big deal. This is the go-to fashion platform. So that was a really big deal as well. And, and Michelle Obama actually did the cover two more times after that as well. She also in a went put Kanye West and Kim Kardashian on the Vogue cover in April of 2014, which was a really big deal because for a long time people in the fashion world, especially Vogue Magazine, distanced theirselves from people like Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and Kim Kardashian have talked about this. Kanye West has, has talked about a lot being able to put Kim Kardashian next to inner winter and, and what that did for Kim Kardashian because people looked at Kim Kardashian as like, oh she's just a reality star.


They looked down on her because of it, because reality TV was looked at as something that wasn't as valid at the time or it was very low brow, you know, given a, given a little bit of rat, given a little of the Nas, not class, but Kim Kardashian who was trying to carve her own lane in the fashion world. She would try, she was trying to attend these shows, she was trying to be within these inner circles. She was trying to wear these different brands and they would be told no very often she would not be invited to shows. There were even rumors that at one point in time when Kim Kardashian would come into these elements, into these high fashion events and things of that nature, people would literally leave because they didn't wanna be seen with her. Especially because before the reality show part of Kim Kardashian, you know, the sex tape was the predecessor, right?


So people didn't wanna be seen with her. So again, Vogue put in Kim and Kanye on the cover, stamped it, change Kim Kardashian life, standing next to Anna Winter via Kanye West. Nicki Minaj has been on the cover recently. Beyonce was on the cover in 2018 and Beyonce's cover was a big deal too because she worked with a young photographer named Tyler Mitchell. I believe Tyler Mitchell was like 23, 20 fourth at the time. He was 23 years old at the time when he shot Beyonce and he was a black photographer or he's a black photographer, not was, 'cause he's still around. He's a black photographer. 23 years old, shot Beyonce cover a Vogue. Again, it's just like an official stamp.


Now that fashion houses, you know, things have began to change so much over the last like decade I would say. I used to work in fashion, so I used to work with Cosmopolitan magazine and during that time when I was there, this was a long time ago, fashion houses and major fashion publications like a Vogue and things of that nature were so regarded that they didn't just throw their stamp on anybody as they shouldn't. But that was a good and a bad thing. It was a good thing because you know, if you can keep the brand regarded, people always aspire to be a part of it, to wanna read it, to wanna understand it. But it was a bad thing because it shut a lot of people out. It shut a whole lot of people out. And when I say people, mainly people of color, black people.


And this is why, you know, in 2025, even when you talk about the Fashion weeks, a lot of people will say Fashion Week is not what Fashion Week used to be. Where it's like you got away for these highbrow couture house invites in order to be considered or deemed someone important. Moving throughout Fashion week, now you have the brands like the Laquan Smiths and you know, Tel Far and all these other black designers who decides war that are doing their own shows and not in the fashion tents. The fashion tents is this area in New York that is coveted for Fashion Week shows and, and those are the shows that you wanna go to.


If you are on that official fashion week list as a designer and you're under the fashion tents at one point in time that made or broke your career and your brand, nowadays things are so much different And I think Vogue was really good at shifting, even when they leaned into the.com and started sitting next to artists. Like I remember there was photos of Ice Spice in a win tour sitting front row during the time that Ice Ice was, you know, moving around and, and doing her thing. There were recently photos of Tyla and Anna Winter, you know, and seated together as well. Like she, Anna Winter and the team around her has been really good at understanding when things are changing and being able to move, move with the change, to be honest with you.


So I don't know what is to come next because of this, but because she's doing this stepping away and just focusing on other things, something is to come that like she's a very strategic woman who's been very successful at influence and branding and marketing and storytelling in positioning of the magazines and the brands that she's worked with, but also of people for a very long time. So I kept asking my friends yesterday, like all of you know, my chat where we talk fashion, they were having a conversation about it And I'm like, but why? Like, why What is happening? Because when something like this happens, she ain't doing it for no reason. So what's about to happen? A lot of people think that Edward Fu may be coming in and and stepping over and taking her place.


Edward Inning Fool is the ex editor in chief of British Vogue, which was a big deal because he was a black man. So people think that he may be stepping in, but there's been rumored like tists between the two. But I guess we'll have to like wait and see. It wouldn't be a bad thing for her to put a person of color, a black person in this position. It would honestly be something that would be very on brand for her and how she's been able to understand and not be tone deaf when things are happening, even though people speak otherwise of the, of the outlet, right? To each's own opinion. But anyway, that's how it seems brand wise. So we'll just have to wait and see. For all my non-fashion people, I know y'all are like, who even knew big deal. This is like Beyonce saying she's retiring from music, y'all. This how this is literally the equivalent of that. All right, so I'll keep you guys posting on what comes up next.


I am headed to court today, allowed to take Y court. This is the second day of closing arguments. The defense Diddy's team will be presenting their closing arguments in the midst of Justin Combs, Diddy's son being sued as well. Now there's a girl alleging that Justin Combs lured him to LA with promises of getting her job in entertainment. But when she got to LA, she says she was kept in the house for days and she alleges that she was raped by multiple men, including Diddy, at least, you know, according to this like lawsuit. And Diddy seem has come out about this and said that it was bs. They actually said no matter how many lawsuits are filed, it won't change the fact that Mr. Combs has never sexually assaulted, assaulted, or sex trafficked anyone, man or woman, adult or minor.


We live in a world where anyone can file a lawsuit for any reason. Fortunately, a fair and impartial judicial process exists for the truth to be found and Mr. Combs is confident that he will prevail in court. Now her attorney is Tony Busby and you guys know that there has been conversation around how the validity of Tony Busby's filings because of the whole Jay-Z lawsuit dropped in, you know, all those things. Y'all remember all of that. We talked a lot about that here. So we'll keep you guys posted on that. But I think a lot of people, even though a lot of outlets did report on this, kind of had to back away from it because a lot of things with Tony Busby, you know, are allegedly didn't not look in the best as far as like a lawyer and a track record because of how that Jay-Z Diddy sexual assault allegation lawsuit went where he claimed that they assaulted this woman back in 2000.


Another woman at the VMAs and then Jay-Z came out fighting hard and blew the whole case up, showed so many inaccuracies and so many inconsistencies that it was just, it was dropped. So thank you God for tuning in. I'll let you guys know how court goes today. We should have an official start of jury deliberations by the end of today. But again, things are moving, things change. It all depends on timing. But you know, I'll keep you guys abreast of what's going down every step of the way at the end of the day. Y'all could be anywhere talking to anybody about all of these things, but y'all are right here with me, the latest with Lauren La Rosa Lowriders. I appreciate you guys And I will see you in my next episode.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.