
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for Details@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


If, you just Joining us. Open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We reported yesterday that Biden has dropped out of the race So well. Sun Sunday. He did drop out of the race and You know he endorsed You know his vice president Kamala Harris to be the next president of the United States of America. The, the, the nomination, she's not the official Democratic nominee yet, but not yet. She, it seems to be a lot of energy around her You know, I'm saying she raised, what, over 80 plus million dollars in 24 hours. I think I saw the number was 888,000. Almost a million people You know donating. That Sounds crazy because the Daily news right now it says Harris raised 231 million in 24 hours.


It says she claimed a stunning 2200 31 million raised from small and big donate big donors probably in the first 24 hours since she launched her presidential campaign. But hey, Listen, probably, I mean that money has been rolling in, but my, my, my point is like You know, you can look online and You know, of course she has a lot of support, but then of course she has a lot of hate just like anybody else. Everybody, yeah. That's just the way The World is. But then you see all of those donations rolling in. My point is there's a whole lot of energy around her. So I just want to see how our listeners feel. How do you feel, Jess? 'cause I know you don't give a damn about politics either way. Yeah, but Kamala did do you a beautiful video when you first joined The. Breakfast Club. She Sure. I'm talking about like She sure did and she did not have to. Jess. Hilarious.


It's Kamala Harris. Congratulations on joining The. Breakfast Club. I know you're gonna be great. Your voice is so important. Have fun with Charlemagne and DJ Envy and thank you all for just being such an important voice for so many reasons. Take care. She did not have to do that, but she did. I absolutely love her. And I seen this coming, so that's exactly how I feel about it. I mean, now you've seen this coming. You are so crazy, Man. I mean, yeah, I seen her. She is a woman and she can speak directly to the issues that are up against us in this whole race. I-I-I-I-I, I agree with Jess.


I I think styles make fights. I think Kamala Harris is Taylor made to go against Donald Trump. A woman who can speak You know to Roe v. Wade being abolished. She can speak to women's reproductive rights being taken away in a, in a, in ways that men can't You know. She's a prosecutor who's running for president against a recently convicted felon in Donald Trump who's facing more charges. I just believe she's the perfect candidate at the perfect time. And not only that, I think she's a good person. We, we had the, the opportunity to interview her up here three times and, and just what she stands for. And, and, and, and also, like I said, being a good person, the fact that she graduated from HBCU, the fact that she was a prosecutor, that fact that she's not gonna back down the fact that she's not scared.


The fact that she looks like all of us out there to me, well, I think, I think the prosecutor thing plays well for her right now. You know when she ran for president in 2020, that was something that people You know used against her. But I mean, You know when you going up against somebody who's got all the criminal charges that Donald Trump has, I don't think that there's a better person to prosecute the case against Trump. Then You know, a former prosecutor, You know like the vice president. So Democrats gonna need all this energy, man, because their only defense against voter suppression is large voter turnout. And I've been telling people, You know since the Supreme Court's presidential immunity ruling that the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution. And I think that they're gonna be the big, the biggest hurdle. Yeah. For, for us having a free and fair election. I don't even know if our democracy right now in its current state is healthy enough to, for us to have a free and fair election.


And what happens when You know if Donald Trump loses in November and then he challenges it with the Supreme Court that he damn near put together. He put three of those people on. What happens then? Right. But I don't wanna be a Debbie Downer. I just wanna know how y'all feel about Kamala right now. And I ain't gonna lie. I was tired. I was politically tired. I was tired of Biden And. I was tired of lying to us. I was tired. Would feel Like you got a boost, right? Yeah, I definitely got a boost. Feel like You got a little B12 shot. Yeah. You know what I mean? Definitely feel like that man whispered in your ear You. know what I'm saying? Got you excited. Right. What is happening? What, what did you whisper in my ear this morning when I walked in? Let's go to the Phones. All right. That's what I wanted to know. Hello? Who's this? Oh, this is Iris. Hey Iris, IRA.


Oh, wait, Take, I can't believe I made it. Oh my God. Good morning. Good morning, Iris. What's your thoughts, mama? Okay, so first I gonna say I'm so happy to see a woman brought for president and I'm grateful for that. However, does that mean I was on a fence even with Biden running again? Because everyone talks about, oh, let's get the black vote, let's get the black vote, and they get the black vote and nothing changes. And when I say nothing, I mean our education system. Our children are suffering in New York City public schools. And let's talk about services. My brother's paraplegic. He got hit by drunken drivers. Very hard for him to get services. And I understand that they're allowed a migrates to come in, but they come in and they just overwhelm them with services and they forget about the people that are already here.


So what's gonna change with that? What are they gonna do with the black agenda to help our children that's struggling in New York City public schools? They're not even on the same level as other kids in other countries. And that's what my concern is. So it's something gonna change because Kamala's running instead of Biden like, help me out. We're confused here. Well, Those, those are all valid questions. A lot of those things you named are local issues though. Like, that's stuff you should be going to your local government with. Yeah. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Yo, Can you hear me? Yeah, I hear you. What's your name, bro? My name Callie. What's up? Good morning. How y'all doing? Callie? Good morning. What's your thoughts, brother? Callie? Hey man, I just wanna say y'all the goat, y'all help me survive mornings for a decade now from college to work.


So I just wanna say that We old, we old, baby, let's go. Thank you. Call just not just new, but we old. Amen. Oldness is greatness. You know anyway. You already Know. I don't think America's ready. I don't think America's ready for a female president. You know what? I'm a black man. And. I. Absolutely do not want another Democratic president in there. I think we should give the Republicans another try. There's a lot of agendas that the, the, the de the Democratic Party has kind of put him into place that I don't support. I think they're destroying the black man. They're destroying the black family. I think they're ruining our country. And if you're living in New York like I am, man, this place is a financial nightmare.


Not to mention crime. I think if we put Trump back in there, man, it's gonna be amazing. Kamala cannot do what he's gonna do to bring this country back for where it needs to be. And this is not a race thing. 'cause that's the number one thing they like to say when they talk about Trump and how he's a criminal and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I don't think any of that matters. His policy is what we need to focus on. And he's gonna get us back where we need to go. Kamala is not ready. I'm not here to tell. I'm, I'm not here to tell. I'm not here to tell you who to vote for. You know. That's your opinion. Only thing I will say about the beginning part. You said you don't know if this country's ready to vote for women. I don't have any reason to believe Kamala Harris cannot beat Donald Trump other than it's never happened in this country. And there always has to be a first like You. know people say in America, never voted for a black woman, never elected a black woman.


That's true. But people never voted for the executive producer or celebrity apprentice either until they did. Right? People never voted for a convicted felon. We about to see if they will. These are unprecedented times people. That's all I can tell you. Eight Not ready. You just get ready. Like what you talking about? She, she know what she up against. Like, you just get ready. I don't understand. Like she not ready. How y'all gonna tell somebody not ready? And and that's another good point. Just brought up Donald Trump had no political experience whatsoever. Not one. Nothing. Nothing at all. So This woman has been a senator, attorney general vice president. She, she seemed ready to me. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking Kamala Harris. Are you energized now? The fact that Biden stepped down.


How do you feeling out there? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne new guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We reported yesterday that Joe Biden is stepped down. It looks like Kamala Harris is gonna get that nomination. So we're asking, do you feel excited now? Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Phil. Hey Phil. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Phil? Good morning. I think Kamala Harris has what it takes. I think she's a class act. Joe Biden did it. The way that I believe that people can look at that was as well as class act as well.


I love what you guys are doing on the show, Charlemagne. You are hysterical. Thank you, sir. So listen, so so you're energized is what you're saying? Yes, I am. Okay. That's all. That's all I'm asking. 'cause I feel like there was no energy. You know. I feel like people was like down about, about the election coming in November. I Was, I definitely was. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Tyler calling from Cape Coral, Florida. Hey Tyler. You called here before, correct? No, first timer here. Okay. Well, Welcome to the show. Tyler. Tyler, your Thoughts? You, what do you feel? What do you feel right now? Well, to start, I respect And I. Appreciate Biden for dropping out. He saved the country in 2020 and he is doing it again by doing this.


I think Kamal is a great choice. He checks a lot of the boxes, a lot of voters that Biden was having trouble getting. And nobody better to prosecute that fat orange guy than a former prosecutor. So, Okay. I I, I just feel like You know when it, when it comes to the debate, I don't even think the debate's gonna happen again. But if, if they, Donald Trump Is Not gonna debate Kamala Harris. I just feel like You know. Oh, he, he Don't want that smoke. He don't want that smoke. She would wash him. And I would love to see it. Donald Trump is not debating Kamala Harris. Thank you, Tyler. IIII will be shocked if Donald Trump debates Kamala Harris. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Xavier from Virginia Beach, man. Xavier, what's up V Beach? What's going on, Man?


Hey, I know it sounds crazy, man, but I, I seen all the people that she's running with man for vp that the potential people, I just would love to say, man, I would love to see myself.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy? Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned, starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2020 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure. Cargo


Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Tell Obama, be her running mate. Man. Why do y'all say things that don't make no sense sometimes? Like why? I mean, I'm just like, Dude was just laughing at me too. Dude was laughing real hard. But Yeah, don't like nobody want to see that. Like she needs, she needs, and I'll say this, And I wouldn't give a damn what nobody think about it. She absolutely needs a white man, okay. To make other white men and white people feel comfortable. That's just the truth to the matter. I like Governor Shapiro. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I understand in all reality, that's how it should be. It's just something we would love to see. I get it. But it ain't about what you wanna see. It's about You. know what it takes to win. I like Governor Shapiro of Pennsylvania. Josh Shapiro. I like what he's done in Pennsylvania, regardless. Probation reform.


I like Tim Ryan from Ohio. He, he, he was honest about the Biden situation when it was uncomfortable to do so. I've been hearing people like Mark Kelly's name. Andy Beshear. Yeah, I heard him a lot too. The governor of North Carolina. I can't remember his name. It'll probably end up being Mark Kelly. 'cause he's an astronaut and he's a bald head white guy. You look at him, he's Senator from Arizona. He looks, he looks MAGA white. I Like Josh Shapiro though. Oh, I love Josh Shapiro. I really, I really do. And, and if he did make it as vice president, he'd be the first Jewish vice President. You know. Of course we know, know Pennsylvania's a a, a key state. So I really like Joshua. It's a battleground State. Jess. Yeah, I think Shapiro is great. Shut up.


Let's go to another full line. You know Shapiro wants to build a wall around Baltimore. Oh my God. See, you ain't even know that. You just, That's not true. Y'all. That's not true. Hello. Who's This? Of course it's not true. Why would anybody think that's true? You never know with these people. Hello? What's your thoughts, brother? I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited that Kamala is Kamala. Kamala Delegate. Kamala Sir. Kamala sound like a drink at medieval times. Camala Cameron. Lemme get two cameras. Sorry. Go ahead brother. Yeah, I'm, I'm excited about her. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm happy to be a Democrat right now. I'm, I'm motivated. I'm You know. I'm telling people that I'm, I'm gonna vote.


I wasn't gonna vote for the other, the other two, but I'm excited. Okay. Okay. Well that's good. It is getting people off the couch. 'cause we always said that the battles It was, it was Trump, The couch, the Democrats who are the cowards, the Republicans who are the crooks and the couch and You know. I think what the Democrats did showed a lot of courage. So I I I do like that they're showing something that they don't usually show You know to make Biden step down to took a lot of courage. Who's this on the phone? Good morning. My name's Amalia. Hey Amalia. Good morning. What's your, what's your opinion, Y'all? I'm nervous. I'm nervous as Mm, But are you excited And I mean?


I don't wanna say I'm excited just 'cause she's a woman, but I didn't Say that. I'm not gonna vote for Trump. Yeah. I didn't say it should be excited 'cause she's a woman. I'm just, are you excited about the new energy, the fact that it's a new candidate? Sounds Like you don't like either of them. I, I don't, I don't like either of 'em, but we haven't, we don't even know what she's standing for yet. Oh, I do. I mean, You know 'cause I vote for issues, not individuals and You know. I I, I've supported, I supported the vice president when she ran for president in 2020 because I believed in her agenda. You know, I mean, right now I believe in women having all of their reproductive rights. You know, which I know Kamala does. I believe in major tax cuts for the working class, which I know Kamala does. I believe, I believe in her business policies, period. You know. I believe in her, her stance on mental health.


You know we was in, what was it, Somerville. We were in Somerville, South Carolina or Goose Creek, South Carolina. I was with her. It was me and Kamala when she was running for president and Congressman Ja Moore. And she introduced her mental health initiative. You know, in, in Summerville, South Carolina. I, if that was Somerville, goose Creek, I can't remember. But no. So What are three things that she did this over this past term that you're year for? Top three things. Top three things that she did. I like her stance on, I like her stance on black. Black maternal health. I, like I said, I like her stance on small businesses. You know what they've done with small businesses. And I. I like, I like what they've done with HBCUs And three things that you dislike. Oh, my biggest issue with Kamala And.


I've said this a million times, I get frustrated at the person that we know behind the scenes. I don't get to see her in front of the camera too much. But I think the Biggest thing I have right there. Yeah. That's my big, that's, that's, that's always been my biggest frustration with the vice president. My biggest frustration with the vice president is simply that the person we know behind the scenes, it feel like we don't ever get to see that in front of the camera. She's shrunk in that role. But I said I felt like the, the Biden administration had handcuffs on her. So I hope for the next four months we get to see the real her. But you, but I think That's what I hope. But any, anytime there is a vice president, you really don't see their personality too much. You really don't see that in any of the vice presidents ever. Yeah, But I guess I'm not looking for 'cause I don't know them Correct You know what I'm saying?


Like, it like, it's different when you actually know a person and you sat down and you kicked it with 'em on air and off air. When you You know when You know a person, you looking for more. Right. That's all. Why shouldn't Hispanics vote for her? Oh, I don't know. I'm not Hispanic. You got, you got, but see, that's what I mean. Everybody gotta go out there and do their own research like I have. Yeah. Like, I'm like, why, why you can't answer these questions. What are three things that you hate about her You know the three things that you're discussing. So don't, I think she's trunking her role. I'm, I'm shocked that she's going to be a nominee and now I need to step my game up and do my research. I honestly don't know. Yeah. That's all's what I'm saying. And I. I'm not telling nobody who to vote for.


I'm just telling you You know the things that I see. Right. That I support. I'm not saying I'm a Trump supporter at all. This project 25 is horrifying is true. You know. You never know what's true nowadays. True. Well, thank you for calling in. Thank you. Have a good one, mama. She Was a something. What's the moral of the story guys? The moral of the story is, man, go out there, do your own research. You know and, and do real research. Don't go online in the internet. And like, I I like those questions that she has this fine three things that you like about a, a candidate that you wanna support. Like it's, it's really that simple. 'cause I'm an issues person. I'm voting issues You know. Yeah. Not, not not individuals. In 2024, I'm voting to pro protect what we have left with democracy and You know.


I I I support Kamala because I I support You know women having all of their reproductive rights. You know, I I support You know major tax cuts for the working class. And I believe in her business policies. That's me. Yeah. But I was saying like it, I I respect her questions as well, but she's the one with the problem. So she has to do that research and answer those herself because that's why she's not a Trump supporter. She's wondering why she should be energized about Kamala. All right. Do your research and figure it out. You know. I like you say, you're not telling nobody who to vote for. But still, I, I think also the moral of the story is it's a couple morals. People get a lot of their like answers and, and points and all of that from Instagram.


I mean, not Instagram just comments what other people feel. We are a very, I see it. That's how I feel type of country. Like, and that's a small part of us. But that's influence. Like online what people see online, like you said, like you, you gotta read, you really gotta go. She got a website. Like it's stuff that you have to step outside of social media to find out, to really get into this election. People Gotta do their homework. They just can't listen to a influence and say, I'm voting because of this. They have to do their homework and understand what that candidate is running for, what they're standing on. And, and make sure that whatever that candidate that that you're voting for follows what you agree with and follows the policies and things that you, that aligned with you. And Kamala gotta go out there and sell herself.


'cause like that young lady said she felt like Kamala disappeared. You know the things that you If you supported her in 2020. We don't know if that's her same agenda now. And Kamala has struggled sometimes to articulate what p policy positions drive her. I know You know the black maternal death rate drives her. Right. That's one of the things I know drives her. That's one of the things that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm big on. So I know mental health drives her, but she gotta go sell that to the people. Man. That's awesome. Absolutely. Now she does. Well You know now she does. But You know how people will always be like, oh, we don't see it. We don't see it. We, she's a vp, like she a vice president. Is she supposed to be seen more than she was?


I just expected to see her more. But that's because of my own personal feelings and my personal belief in her. That's what that was. That's what that was. Alright. But we got action folks. Yes, we do. Okay. November right around the corner. What we doing? And we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Oh my God. It's gonna be a heavy hour. 'cause we're gonna be talking about the story of Sonya Massey. Lord have Mercy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's definitely the, just with the mask is gonna be pretty thick. This this hour. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning Breakfast Club.


Hello. It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a Y is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing. Member fin rent. SIC, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply


During the summer when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your couch with the AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing picks from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G. At Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


This is Dr. Joy Harin Radford from Therapy for Black Girls. Reading books gives you feelings. I mean, that's what they do. And with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. Like there's an awestruck whoa feeling you get when you read about a dragon flying across the sky. But that's different from the surprised wo you get when you read that the best friend did it. And that's totally different than the hubba hubba. Whoa. When the stable boy becomes a stable man and Amazon's got all the woes Amazon books, that reading feeling awaits.