
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer.


Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third Annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions, decisions, Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the RB Money Podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcasts with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and Sports podcast and the Trap Nerds podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the Black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Let's, I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody. Did you hear that Exclusive? You know, she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi, Don. Know as always, I'm your homegirl who knows a little bit about everything in every single body, so it's time to get on into some topics. Beyonce has officially made it into Alta with Sacred Back in, I believe it was like February. Beyonce had actually announced that she was headed into Alta Stores with Sacred. I think people were excited then, but I think now because there's a visual to it, you know, people have been talking about it a little bit more like that whole thing.


It's like, you know how future be like, dress it up and make it real for me. It's, it, it, it's like, it's real now. So Beyonce posted a clip on her Instagram on Sunday, April 5th, and in the video she's smiling, she has a bottle of, that's sacred. It's a hair oil that she's actually rubbing into her hands and baby, she look good. She's in Vivian Westwood. It's a low cut top. She got the blonde layers flowing, flip over to the side, and she's using the hair oil to just kind of go through her hair. Then she hands off the product to her mother. Ms. Tina knows who uses it, and they have fun with it. And then they hand off the product to someone else who's in this like sacred, like uniform almost.


And then they walking into Ulta and it's like, you see it, it's there, it's happening now. And it's like, girl, go ahead. Like, I'm so proud of you. Like, yes. It's like a, it's like an unspoken language And I feel like, you know, what I'm seeing happening right now online is, it's, it's the reaction to that. Now, don't get me wrong, there were the girls that had their issues with the product and with the, the brand when it first came out, and they had their things to say. But that leans into the reason why I never looked into the TikTok reviews or anything like that for me. And, and, and, and y'all might think I'm crazy, but I'm really into like makeup, hair, lashes, lipstick, lip glosses, like fashion. Like I, I really enjoy and love all of that stuff.


And I also understand that like everything doesn't work the same for everybody. Like I really understand that in a real way. So I've always said I wanted to try Beyonce's brand, but I wanted to try it at a time where like I knew like, okay, I'm trying this, I'm trying hair groove, I'm being protective. I'm doing everything I need to do so that this product can work its best. You know what? Emini here, like, its its best vibes. And I'm in that space. 'cause I've been wearing units, I've been wearing wigs, y'all know, on The Breakfast Club, Charlamagne makes a joke every single day, but I know it's because they look good, period. Shout out to Miss Ma, tie on the Instagram, my hairstylist from Philadelphia. But because I'm in this space of like, you know, protecting my hair, I always think about the fact that like, I wanna do, you know, something under it that makes sure that I'm doing it.


And this is not a paid, you know, anything. I wish I was getting a coin from Sacred. Okay, I'm just excited And I think I'm excited also too, because as a makeup girly, and at one point in time, Beyonce's product was only available on her website, and she's Beyonce, right? And it's her internet. It's beyonce's worldwide net if y'all did not know. But at the same time, to be in stores in a is an, is it a, an accomplishment? And I think that her going online first and then going into stores was a testament of her breaking that Beyonce effect. Now we gonna talk about it because there is a conversation around Beyonce about her not being vulnerable, vulnerable enough to show her connection to the products that she sells, to market the products that she sells more specifically, people always compare her to Rihanna with Fenty, who is very much like posting videos on Instagram every single day where she's like trying on the lip glosses and she did her Vogue 50 questions, putting on the product.


And you know, like I think with Rihanna, she's a lot more like relatable because, and I'm not saying Beyonce is not, we don't know her, but Rihanna, she's shown us enough online where we feel like we know her and that really helps for a product. And I think as a black woman, it's like I always try and support black things. So like when I'm going into the, you know, these makeup stores, I'm buying the Fenty. That's why I'm so excited about, you know, Beyonce being in Alta because I am one order off the internet, but I'm in Alta all the time because of my makeup. Now it's the easy pickup, right? I purposely shop black owned brands, not because they're black, but because if they're good and they're black and they're in these major stores, I do wanna add to these numbers.


I wanna add to the numbers that are making other people say, you know what? We need to put these in all of our stores. I, I know how the game goes, right? Beyonce or not, Beyonce has never had a product line. Beyonce has a reputation and it's not, I don't, I don't think that it's anything she's planned to do, but if we're being really honest, Beyonce does have re a reputation for putting out products and them not doing what the people think that they should do. So 2006, it was House of Darion and that was inspired by the gen, the three generations of women. So you had her, it was like her grandmother, her mother, and then it's like boom, in turn Solan 2010, Beyonce Heat, which was her fragrance. I do remember her doing a fragrance, but I wouldn't even have remembered the name if you didn't just put that up on Google.


And I'm not being shady. I'm saying that to make a point. And we're gonna get back to that point. 2010. She did Parkwood Entertainment, which is still around, that is her entertainment company that books all of her like tours and all that, all that stuff. 2016 she did Ivy Park. Ivy Park. I feel like Ivy Park was a big conversation because it was Beyonce and she did great seating and great gifting and pr sins to different celebrities. But at the same time, I don't think that like the product was like the most loved, if I'm just being honest. Like I think that a lot of us bought it. I think a lot of us wore it. I wasn't mad at some of the pieces, like that purple jumpsuit with the orange.


If anything I had to buy it would've been that. But I didn't buy Ivy Park. It was not all completely my favorite. And again, I'm a part of the beehive, but I'm just being honest. But then also too, she just dropped her whiskey that came and went as well. And when the whiskey came and went, I think a lot of people started having the conversation that I'm mentioning where it's like, people are like, okay, Beyonce is super uber successful as a music artist, as a performing artist, as a touring artist, as a creative, right? Creating specials, you know, around her tours and stuff like that for Netflix and all these platforms. But can she sell a product? There are literally headlines that lean on. Can Beyonce sell a product? I think with the Sacred, this is her chance to show people, not only can she sell a product, but she really knows what she's doing.


Like she, it's really embedded in her. So I, I mentioned earlier that Beyonce's mom, Ms. Tina knows, has been doing hair for some time. And I remember watching a documentary that Beyonce had, and the, the, the thing that stood out the most to me was she actually told us that like she be doing her own hair a lot. I was surprised by that because I'm like, it's Beyonce. Like what do you mean? And I know she has hairstylist, right? But I think when you're a person, like I used to assist in a shop, so whenever my hair is not right, and like I have a moment where like, you know, the lace not tinted well or like whatever, I'm like, bro, what is going on? Because I know how I know what it takes to simple fix this. So it bugs me when it's not.


And her whole point at that time was like, she know herself the best, you know, with Hair Works on her face and all of that. But a lot of that, and she talked about it in the documentary, comes from her mother, Ms. Tina knows, has been involved in haircare for over 30 years. So Ms. Tina knows is the vice chairperson of Sacred for some reason, the same way I trust Rihanna with my, my makeup because she's always so cute and like I'm watching her put on makeup and use it different ways and whatever, whatever. And then I tried the product and it, it's fire, it sustains, it's good. I feel like that about Beyonce and haircare. And I know like, again, Beyonce has had backlash about can she sell the product? She's had backlash about her actual hair and the hairstyle that she's worn.


But for your mom to be in haircare for, I'm 33 years old, y'all, that's a whole nother baby for your mom to be in haircare a whole nother baby 30 years at some point, there's no way that you didn't learn and pick up. And y'all know that her mom used to do so much for her. And Destiny's Shout Emini here, clothing, house's of Darion hair. I'm pretty sure you have to learn to pick up on something and she's involved so it it, it's going to be there. I am really happy for Beyonce, really happy for the transition that she's making into the altar stores. And I think a lot of people will be like, what's Beyonce? Of course it's easy for her to get into the author stores, but I want y'all to know if that product is not selling, ain't no store gonna keep it. I don't care who you are.


Your family's not doing 30 years of anything. You don't understand it. The same way that her dad understands business and was able to make her into Beyonce is the same way that Beyonce, who is now in this business, huge brand business development guru, also understands haircare, period. Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring At me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott, I was no longer just telling the story.


I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley, season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Now in other news child, we going to the ghetto. So there is a New York City woman who decided to punch a pro-life activist because she feels like she was provoked into violence. So the New York City woman is a woman named Brianna Rivers. Brianna Rivers believes that you should be able to have abortions, period, make your own decisions. It's your life, do your thing. You know what Emini here do, what you need to do. There is another woman, this woman, her name is Savannah. Savannah Craven. She has a platform, her platform is via YouTube and a lot of her videos that she makes is all about being against abortion and certain women's rights and low key kind of trolling people who are.


So she does these things where she's out on the street and she sees different people and she talks to 'em about how she feels about, you know, her, her, her stance in things like abortion shouldn't be legal and you're killing a person and all of that stuff. But then, you know, she runs into a woman like Brianna. Now in the video, and, and let's just, let me paraphrase this by saying that at first when we saw this, there was like a short video, a very, very short video that had been released. That video went viral online of Brianna, who is the woman who walked up and began to be interviewed. So she's the interviewee in Savannah, who is the interviewer, their interaction, it's very short.


And then you see Brianna get so triggered and so pissed off that she punches Savannah on in the face. And baby, when I say she clocked that tea, Savannah walked away looking like a teabag, okay? It was bad. So that was released first. After that was released, there was a longer form video that was released And I went and watched the longer form video on Savannah's page on her YouTube channel. So they're having a conversation and in the beginning of the conversation, it's very friendly. You see Brianna walk up, Brianna, you know what Emini here, young girl from the Bronx. She walks up like, ooh, you know, I like, I like your skin tone is giving like, you know, basically like, you know, she's a woman of color.


Like, hey, I see another woman of color, or you know, I'm assuming that Savannah is a woman of color. She does appear that way. She's like, okay, you know, I'm with it. Let's do the interview. What you doing? Like, let me know. Boom. So then they start having a conversation. The conversation opens up with, with Savannah asking, does Brianna know about Planned Parenthood? What you do there and why you go there? So Brianna answers, and in her answers she mentions abortions and she mentions the right to be able to go and have an abortion because, you know, you might've been young and made some mistakes or you know, you just, you don't, you, you can't take care of your kid and you don't wanna have a kid and put them into the foster care system and you know that whole conversation.


So both of them at this time are making you know points, right? So you have Savannah who's over here, like there are other options. You don't have to do this. There are other options. You don't have to do this. And then you have Brianna over here who's like, look girl, I hear you, but like, why you think you so perfect? Nobody's perfect, y'all. The questions got the questioning. They started arguing about, they started arguing about, you know, not birthing kids who come from, you know, molestation or kids who are in foster homes. You could abort the kids before they even have to go to a foster home. To the point where Brianna, who was the interviewee, she laid hands on Savannah.


Savannah, now Emini here. I saw her on Fox News and she said that she was suffering from two stitches right below her eyebrow and that she was in the hospital. She had posted a bunch of pictures after this, you know, the whole physical back and forth. I wouldn't even say back and forth 'cause baby Ms. Savannah to interview her didn't get a, a hit in to save her life. So it wasn't a back and forth. But after she was hit by the interviewer, she did go to the hospital. Her husband, who was the person behind the camera, actually called 9 1 1. So there was a police report called filed. I did reach out to law enforcement sources here in New York who tell me that the report came in as an assault.


The, the report came in as an individual punched a 23-year-old female victim with a closed fist causing laceration. The victim refused medical treatment. So Savannah, the interviewer refused medical treatment. There were no arrests and the investigation remains ongoing. Now, I did ask were there gonna be any charges filed or anything like that against Brianna because I couldn't find that in any of the stories that I was looking at. And there has been no response. But they did confirm the fact to me that there was a police report that was released, but that was it. Now Brianna did actually go on her Insta, I'm sorry, on her Instagram, on her Facebook and respond. And she posted and said, I need a platform to share my side of events.


She has 7 million views making me out to be a child killing monster When she knows the truth, she railroaded me into all of this. She needs to release the unedited footage with her relentless antagon on a subject that is very touchy. I will not allow my image to be defamed by this woman's action. Anyone who knows me knows how respectful I am. I don't even litter. There's no way you believe that I'm punching people for disagreeing with my point of view. And her caption on this said to Savannah, I sincerely apologize, but can sit around and allow for you to continue to pushing this one-sided narrative. I understand hands being put on someone is never the answer, but throwing rocks in hot, your hand is so worse. She knows the truth and she needs to release the footage and it's entirety.


Savannah is a professional antagonist, not a reporter. Reporter is in quotation marks and the truth will be told. So what she's saying is that the video that we saw even in the fool, 'cause that was important for me, I wanted to go back and watch the fool the video we saw, even in the fool. She's saying there's more to it that she was antagonized And I'm not even gonna hold y'all. I know that we agree and disagree, especially in times right now where like everybody don't love who the president is, love what the administration is doing. Love what being, what what is being overturned or not. But I ain't never cared that much to just sock somebody real quick for no reason unless you're being directly disrespectful to me. So like, you calling me a slur, you whatever, that's different.


This was not that. Their conversation wasn't even about anything personal to the two of them. It was just a general conversation about pro-life and pro-choice. I was watching like, well why does this go get so upset? I will say that home girl, the interviewer Savannah, she was kind of like giving the energy like, girl, you dumb. Like, like a little, it was a little astute, but not nothing that deserved to be punched in the face the way she, I she wasn't ready for that. She came uptown with her nice little dress on and I'm cracking up because they, when she walked up, she said, you went from complimenting my dress to insulting me. And I'm like, girl, you came uptown with that nice little urban outfit to dress on and this curly hair and you know this husband behind the camera and you thought you was gonna be able to get one off on these people up here.


Don't come into the, because here's the only thing that I feel don't come into minority neighborhoods talking about topics that affect them in real life every single day in a real way. 'cause you don't know what you, she, And I said this wasn't personal to anybody, but I, I watched this And I thought about it. Well, homegirl must have been triggered by something you don't know what people are going through. One of her biggest points, Brianna, the girl who did soccer was like, yo, you don't know financially the position people are in to be able to success successfully bring a kid into this world. Men is out here talking about they don't want babies, women don't do that. That's hell for y'all. You, you never know where a person is. You know what, Emini here as a person that interviews people, y'all know, I try to line, I do, but I would never be personally disrespectful.


Where if I feel the energy is like moving in a way where like a person is like off it in a real way. Like it's not even worth it. It's an interview. It's not that deep. I'm gonna fall back. So again, I'm gonna be waiting to see if actual charges are pressed. I actually, I reached out to both Brianna, who was the woman who socked the interviewer and Savannah, who is the interviewer that had, you know, her hands put on her. And I'm not saying that any of this was right, I'm just saying I, I see kind of both sides of it. I, I think, 'cause I fully don't know Brianna side, the woman who was triggered or whatever happened wherever she hit her. I don't fully see her side, but I did reach out to both sides because I'm trying to understand more.


And we will bring it right here to you guys on the latest with Lauren Rosa. This has been episode six. I appreciate you guys for tuning in and like I tell y'all, always at the end of the day, there are so many other places and so many other people that you could be here talking about all of this stuff with what you choose to be right here. I appreciate you guys. I'll see you guys in my next episode.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.