
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


ABC Wednesday, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears. Dad, I am bro And I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a Couple of days when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversation. The wheels come off. Can we Try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watched the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. Series Premiere Wednesday, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


With the football season kicking off, it's the perfect time to dive into the action with my partners at DraftKings. The number one place to bet on touchdowns. And right now all new customers who bet just $5 will instantly get $250 in bonus bets. Plus get one month of NFL plus premium. That's something we can all celebrate, right? All right now download the Draftking Sports book app and sign up using my promo code TBC. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings daily fantasy and have the shot to win cash prizes. So right now download the Draftking Sports Book app and new customers. Use my promo code TBC and BET just $5 on any wager and get $250 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at DraftKings Sports book. The crown is yours.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lawrence filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ladies On guy. It's going down. Wallo. Listen man, welcome to The Breakfast Club this morning. Presented to you by a million dollars worth of game. Listen man, we done bought the company man. It's, it's good man. It's going down man. We doing it big now man. Got my brother right here. I'm so proud of you, Wallo, man. Listen Man, listen. I wanna give you, before I even start, I gotta give you your flowers 'cause you been, man, you, me and you done had several phone calls. We had a thousand phone calls a couple years ago. You hit me up, you was like Wallo, you need a book. This was years ago and you was talking about how you and Kev was talking about you and Kevin Hart was talking about said man Wallo would be crazy on a, on a audio book.


Yep, yep. Yeah. Which I did my own audio book. Shout out to, you know, shout out to Aana Van Zant also, who did the audio. She did the forward for me. Shout out to 13 A my publisher man for you know, Charles suit. Yes. For making it happen, Simon the Schuster. But we here now. You told me you keep telling me about a book, your book, the book changed your life. That's Right. And you got too much of a story, man. The Book. The book, the book. That's all you kept saying. And now we here man, all with good intentions, you know, and it's game changer for man. The Book title is perfect for you because there's not too many people on this planet who come with good intentions like Wallo does Appreciate that. When Did you develop that, that mentality? I don't know man. I was on the street corners. I was, I was, I had good intentions on the street corners. I just, I just, I just wanted to steal American dream And I said man, this shit is too slow.


And I, I never seen nobody in my neighborhood. The only people that got respected my neighborhood was successful criminals. So even though I was a good person growing up, my grandma raised me. Well my mom, you know, you know, I was like, I gotta figure this out. So I said I gotta, I got man, the only people they respect out here is the people that's winning by any means. And then even in America, I was like, damn, hold up America. They don't even respect the Scarface. They don't even respect the Godfather. They don't respect nobody else. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I gotta go get some money. So I just figured out, you know, even though my heart was good, I had to go figure it out and that led me to prison most of my life. And, and but you know, even in there you Was in prison 13 years, right? 13, 20, 20 years. No, 20 I, I did 20 penitentiary five years in and outta the juvenile system.


And even in, I remember, you know, oh here saying man, why you, all I did was laugh in jail and just do what I needed to do. Educate myself. 'cause I realized that. And to the point where somebody said I was one of the nicest dude in prison because I knew why I was there. I did mines. I was accountable for my bullshit. So, you know, and that helped me change and develop into what I become today. And you know, I'm just happy to be here And I, And I, And I try my best to share all the knowledge that I got as you know, with our people to show us, listen, we bigger than what y'all think we are because I always say this and it's crazy to me. It's like, you know, back in the day we didn't had nothing but we had everything 'cause we had each other and that was important.


And it's like, it seemed like now we find so many rays, so many reasons not to deal with each other. And it's like god damn who you working for Word. That's Right. Like you go on social media, it's like who you working for? But I had to realize something. A lot of us don't want to looking that mirror and deal with it. I don't hate envy because of his money, his cars, his family, his marriage. I hate envy because envy getting in love for doing something that I always wanted to do. But I ain't have enough heart to go out here and do it. Well Die your bid. No, I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about in general. Oh okay. Yeah he do got that Beijing he do, but I'm just saying like, shout out Beijing, give him a deal. It's not Beijing but like this third just for man.


Oh damn. Okay. You better be paying you the way you Promo. But but what I'm saying is like that's how our culture became, it became like this in social media made it like a lot of people gotta look in the mirror and say, damn, I done materialize my dreams right up. And that's the hardest thing to do is, you know, so it's more easy to say charlamagne to sucker envy this Lord this just this. It's much more easy to say then to say, let me get off my ass and go ahead and do something with my life. So, but it's just, it's just sad out here when you see it now and it's just like, we just, I don't know man. And all we ever had was each other. That's the only way we ever made it in life. You said you in the book, you said it's actually in the chapter arm of good intentions. Yeah. You said you, you, you, you screamed out one day and you made it a daily reminder that nobody will save you.


Nobody. Especially when I was in prison. I'm like, we complain and we doing, I'm like, yo, bro, we, we inside these white folk spot. Ain't nobody coming. Like if this shit go off anything else, we gonna be locked in these cells. Ain't nobody coming. But that's the same thing in the ghet. Ain't nobody never come and save nobody. Right. Who saves who real. What was the change for you? What was, 'cause you said you were in and out. What was the change? You said yo, I gotta get this right And I gotta change myself. Like to be realistic man, I, I got tired of tired of being in jail with a bunch of, with a bunch of niggas. You see what I'm saying? I wanted to take a butt naked shower. You know what, Emini here, I couldn't do that. I wanted to sleep naked in the bed. I couldn't do that 'cause I'm in the, I gotta cell. I don't know if he might wake up in the middle of the night, be like, yo man, let me, I need parts of that. Like what we doing?


Yeah. I, I'll be straight up. He might wake up in the middle of the night and be like, Hey my man, let's, let's figure something out. Oh shit. You know what, Emini here. So I don't know. I'm just being real because listen, you know what's crazy, I think one of the reasons I made it through jail so smoothly. 'cause I was always a, a comedian on the low. You see what I'm saying? I was always funny. They was like, Hey Emini, here I was 'cause I was in there scared to death. You know how dudes come on from jail. I be trying to wonder that shit I did all this time in jail. I'd be like, what program was you on that you wasn't scared in jail, that you was just so tough because I was scared to death. Soon as they listen, soon as that judge gave me them numbers and they, you know, you, you had your shoe, had your thing together. The shit ain't about nothing. You know what Emini here, like this shit ain't about nothing. I I looked at it here. Alright, say my little words back and forth.


You see the, it's, it is back and forth. Wordplay I had with the judge is like, yeah I'm gonna be back. Ah, walked in the joint. You know what Emini here, now you gotta do the walk back in. 'cause now you going back into the cages where everybody looking at you when you come down. What they give you with That shit ain't about nothing man. They gave me little twenties, man. That shit ain't nothing. A little twenties, but that's the, that's the cat. That's the cat. By the time I get to my, my cell later on that I throw that towel up crying like a baby man for a newborn. Damn. And then, and then once you, the shackles hit you box like a animal, the shackle going from your arm to your feet. You get upstate, you, you hit that penitentiary yard and you like, where my mom at? Mm Oh shit, I ain't know it was like this. Mm. I'm seeing people with knives longer than the giraff trunk.


I'm like shit, How old Are you? I was, I was, I went to the penitentiary when I was 17, but I hit the big prison yard when I turned 18. I was in Dallas Penitentiary in Pennsylvania. And that was like, that was a different type of job man. I'm seeing people get married in the yard and all that shit. I'm like, I ain't trying to beat nobody wife. I ain't signed up for this shit. So I know straight up I'm looking Like he said married in the yard. No, People was getting married in the yard. And I said, damn man, shit. It wasn't real Weddings though. No, it was real weddings. Like it wasn't, no like they, they, if you got the bible, when you got somebody that's offic You, you attending like you were, you were just in the yard? No, I was Walking the yard And I walked back, you Know, I was like a guest at though. No, I was Not, I wasn't a guest. I was in the backdrop because I was walking in the yard. So I'm like, I'm sitting there And I'm like, oh shit, I ain't trying to get married in the yard man, damn.


Like want some real shit. And then I'm seeing people getting stabbed and all. I'm like, yo, I'm not trying to, why the, so I would go to my cell and be like, yo, what the fuck is going on? I ain't signed up for this because nobody tell you this because only stories that we hear back in the hood about jail is that you come home and you get rewarded and you get acknowledged and you tough and all this other shit. You get muscles. But I'm like, I'm like damn, ain't nobody talking about the scary part. So I had to be the one to tell the scary part to tell the real part because I was scared. Especially listen, when I first listened to no bullshit, I get up to the big penitentiary. This was, this was the one I get up to the big penitentiary. This is why Gill always fucking with me about it because I used to tell these stories. I get up to the stories from the cell. So I get up to the penitentiary, the shower time I go down there, I got my boxers on and all that.


So I'm like, damn, ready? Go down there. And this is my first time in a real 'cause. 'cause it's like, it was like, I, I, I started, I went to the penitentiary when a young, when a lot of younger dudes started to go like you was getting certified as adult. They created new law. So a long time there was no young boys in the one penitentiary. I went to Dallas Penitentiary, it's mostly old heads and they had the most lifers in the state of Pennsylvania at this time. So you could be in a cell with anybody. You could do one year, be in a cell with a lifer. It don't matter. So I go, I go to go to the shower. So I got my towel on my, my my boxers on. And when I went to the shower, right, I go down there steamed up and everything. The shower is probably like, it's probably like in that joint probably maybe 15 shower heads and the block got a hundred and something dudes on there.


So when I go in the shower room, it was like a movie. Like everybody looked at me like why you got them boxes on everybody I'm talking about It was a, I'm talking about it was a sword show in that joint. Man. You wanna see what you working with type thing? No, no. I'm just like, no. It's like that's not normal like you. Yeah. And I'm like, you know what? That day I realized that a shower wasn't important in a bird bath. I said I could go back to my cell and just wash up there. Yeah. Yeah. Why Would I need What? Why do a shower really mean that? So you ain't take A shower, the whole use bird bathing The whole way? No, I took it for a while till I just, you know, went down there and tell my shower short you to get comfortable because I, 'cause I had, I was like, damn man. Like why everybody gotta be naked in this joint man. And then they looking at you then they talking like, like they be ass   They talking.


Yeah, you see the game. Oh man, what's the name went off Emmett Smith. I'm like, man, oh man. Like we ain't supposed to like, y'all supposed to be doing this shit. I Don know. When did you get like, like, like comfortable with it? Like your first naked shower? Were You talking? No, I never got a naked shower. Had didn't, oh yeah I did. Hold up Just say this, But I Got no, no I got one when I got to the jail where you get your own booth. Okay. I wasn't trying to be a part of it 'cause it's like, it's like a volunteering, like you volunteering something. How Long it took to do that? Oh, years. It took years. But different jail, different part of the jail got different sections where you get a single shower. So, and that jail was yours where you got the single shower locked in. But it was like, man, I always felt like that was the volunteering services. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like you was, you was, you was giving invitations to something.


So I didn't know was The coke, was the coke can story real that that booie be talking about sometimes. Well That was a different prison though. But I'm, I think it might be the same prison. Which one? When you say when you see a coke can in The shower, that mean two men in there? Fucking No, no. It is different. Different different things go on in different prisons. I can't speak to that 'cause I wasn't in the, the geographical location of him. But it's different stuff. Fed state, different states. But it's like, I just knew that I how they Signaled sodomy in your, in the prison you Was in? What you mean signaled? No, it was no signal. People was making love to slow music man. It wasn't no like you knew what time it was. Dudes had the red light. Listen bro, dudes had dudes used to take dudes. No, no, no. Listen, dudes used to take paint and paint. They light red. It be red lights, red light.


Sp TLC Man they got the music playing. You like don't look in that cell because you dang, you ain't supposed to look in nobody's cell. Yeah. So I'm like, man, I, you know you can't look in nobody's cell. See That? That's the signal though. The signal was the red light. No, it could be anything man. You could walk in the bathroom, in the yard, somebody be tongue kissing and you know, romantic. I don't know. It was a lot of stuff. Jesus Christ. I just knew that I just wanted to make it out innocent. Oh man, I don want my innocence to be removed from me. That's all. But it was wild man. But I knew it was certain occasions where I knew, I said, oh man I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't go back to this shit. Dude put something on my bed one time. I didn't, I didn't even know. Did he put on your bed? What did he put on your no rolls? No, no this what happened? No, no, no. This what happened. So what happened is my laundry came back folded and anything. I'm like, damn man, this a, these people man, they fold your laundry and everything man, I'm happy as shit.


Laundry. It was a couple snacks left. I'm like, so I'm like damn this is what's up. So a OG from down the way he peeped, you know what Emini here. I asked him, I said, damn man, they day four. He said what they did what? Who? So he went and checked the older dude that did it. The older dude was trying to go on a date. But I didn't know it was, I didn't know that. What Did he leave though? Like I, Oh no, no, no. He didn't leave. No, no, he never, he left some nice, he had a box of nutty bars. It was some soups, some chips, some. It was a nice, it was a listen, if oh eight wouldn't have told me I would've had, it was a nice spread. You know what Emini here. So you gave it back to him, you had to give it back to him? I had to give it back to him. Yeah because if you accept it. No, no, but ho it wasn't just that he folded my laundry, he worked in laundry, he made my drawers and all that. It was folded.


So I'm thinking like damn this is the pro this, this is the protocol of what they, damn they, I'm like damn they got some good service here. You know what Emini here. But once I realized that he was looking for a date, I didn't. I said, oh shit. You see what I'm saying? Saying luckily I had the old head there 'cause I don't know what what the fuck happened. Yeah, yeah. But it was crazy. It was crazy man. It was deep. That's why y'all gotta read this book man. It was deep man. Oh, now you dedicated the book to Little Steve, aunt Ruby, grandma Aura, uncle James, uncle Tommy and hip hop. How did No Hip. Yeah, that's my step hop. How did each of those people contribute to your journey? My Aunt Ruby. First of all, my grandma. That's my, my my my grandma nanny. She, she's, she'd be 90 to September 30th. She's, she's extraordinary.


Aunt Ruby and her used to always gang war. My Aunt Ruby, you know, she was the only person I seen straight my grandma out and don't nobody straight nanny out. And they used to be going at this, this was her younger sister. Oh man. And I used to call home from jail. The stories that Aunt Ruby used to tell me was unbelievable. But Aunt Ruby was special. She just was different and, and she loved me, love us, love us on me. She wound up passing and she passed in my grandma house, the middle room that I wound up making parole to. That was one of the reasons I was able to make parole. 'cause you know, whatever. But God bless her. My, my, my aunt, my, my grandma Aura, she passed when I was in prison. She was amazing. Always real tell you just like it is. She was from the streets.


Uncle Tommy passed since, since I've been home. Steve was your brother, Right? Steve was my big brother. Yeah. He passed in my grandma arms in the crib. He got shot, ran down the street, died in, grabbed my arms, he opened the door, he aspired. That was my guy. But everybody, them people is personal. You see what I'm saying? And they was special in my life in different ways. They helped me in so many different ways and his things that I carry today that I got from them doing my journey through, you know, doing, especially when they was here. And I always wanna remember them people 'cause I feel as though you, you, you, a lot of people get forgotten. They give us so much and just because they not there. And I always feel like You really live when you outlive how much you lived.


Mm. And I'm saying that you really live when you outlive how much you live. It's people from our culture that outlive how much they live. You rather it's bossy. Rather it's Tupac cer certain people, they live longer after life than they did their life. Absolutely. Absolutely. But we don't do that with our family members and the people that we love and the people that we know personally. We keep other people alive based off celebrity. But we won't keep the people alive that was personally personal to us. They get buried in the thank yous and all that shit somewhere and sometimes forgotten. So I always try to remember my people that died that, that gave so much to me. You think your brother Would believe you right now? Like if he saw the position you was in, would he believe It? No. On everything I love my brother be doing just what Gilby doing.


Me calling me nut ass nigga. Look at you just nut ass nigga boy because that was him. He's a funny boy. He was all he wanted to do was laugh all day. I'm just thankful that I was able to, the greatest thing that I ever did in life in the history of my life was forgive my brother's killer. And the reason that was so important to me because the ghetto, nothing supersede nothing is the hierarchy is the ghetto and the ghetto is revenge. But for me to say, you know what, I want to live for my brother, live for the kids, live for the family and put it in my heart to forgive someone that took my brother outta here. Hurt, devastated the family. But I said to myself is we always ask for forgiveness. We ask God all the time, forgive us, but when do we forgive on a real level?


And and that was the greatest thing I ever did. And I always encourage young brothers to like, you know, 'cause when you see our community, it's like everybody is moving based off of a lot of cats is moving and, and continuing this cri criminal mindset and you know, in the genocide based off war that they never even knew about. Like you don't even know why you beefing with somebody and we never have a conversation. It's like, and even the level heads from different sides of the communities never could sit down and just be like, yo, this some bullshit. We on some bullshit. Yeah. Like come on y'all, we got like, we shooting in the mirror out here as black people and ain't nobody, I don't know what it is man. It it, it bothered me. 'cause I see a lot of elders that's scared.


They wanna be young niggas and it's like no you're not nothing ne I tell 'em all the way I'm not. No nah I'm not. No I'm not. I'm an elder dog. I'm not no young boy. I'm not trying to be cool with you. I'm gonna tell you what you wanna hear and if you don't, 'cause I know most of your day, especially the artists, the athletes, they run around with a bunch of Yes man. That's right. I ain't one of them Neff. I don't care about I don't care who you is. I'm that's right. I'm gonna tell you, listen man, that's some dumb shit man. You want some dumb shit. N me and Gil gonna be like, yo, that's some dumb shit. Neff. And even if you just hear me for the moment, I did my job a lot of times I fell short in doing my job. I, well I I ain't gonna say I didn't do my job but I fell short. 'cause it, it went on some deaf ears and we seen what happened with that. A lot of times Man, look at all the different clips that you can look at of Wallo online warning people about what was going to happen in their situations or what was gonna happen if they didn't change their ways and it came true.


Yeah, just like I, you know, I just be peeping it 'cause I see it like you could just see it when you been through it so long. But that's why I try to share my story so they can learn from my story and no live my story. But a lot of times the money make people blind and deaf and when you get that paper you think. But one thing I know one thing I know something. If I don't know nothing about this shit, when you black in America, you got all the money in the power you want my man. But lemme tell you something. When Mighty Whitey get to you That's right. I'm just being real. When Mighty White it is over that courtroom. They they, they humbled the shit outta you. They would get you in that court. You see how they laid Tyreek down Tyreek Hill, laid him down, roughed him up. Ah, shut up. Yeah.


You see what I'm saying? Like, I don't know what happened but I'm like, they roughed him up real good And still had to, he still had to go out there and play Pretty sure. You see what I'm saying? So it's like, it, it is always a point where as though you be, it'd be like, man, shut up nigga. And you always gotta be on point to know, you know, know how to move out here. And it's sad that we gotta do that. But that's the reality of the environment that, that that we come up in. When did You realize this is what you wanted to do when you came home and you said you took that drive and you went back to, you had the McDonald's with the grandma's house. When did you realize this is what you wanted to do and, and how you wanted to change for the, the next Generation? I was in, shout out to the life of G'S Lifer Brothers, this organization NWCP and all that, the, the, the brothers that was in the penitentiary with me, the eldest, there's an organization called Real Street Talk.


So I'm in there and they, and one of the O OGs brother, brother minister Rob, shout out to him. He come to me, he said, wah, we need you to come down here and talk. It was a bunch of Brother Shakur Sharif. It was, well Ike a big Shannon. It was a bunch of brothers that was getting together to talk to the, the inmates that was coming in. Two 300 inmates a week that was coming in to talk to them about listen, why you in jail Use this as your time to educate yourself so you go back out there and make something happen with yourself. And it was called Real Street talk. So I was one of the dudes that spoke in a, in a way to where as though they really understood what I was saying. 'cause I was like one of the youngest dude, even though the OG spokes too. And I seen that they was listening, they was tapped into it. And it was a brother, brother Rob Griffin.


He was from the, he used to do security for Malcolm X and the nation Islam. Back in the day, Philadelphia used to be the, you know, the head of security for the nation Islam back in the day. And he, he, you know, he held down Malcolm Muhammad, all them. And he came to my cell one day because I was in the cell like next to him and on a block greatest four. And he was like brother, not too many brothers out here speak with though multiple generations could listen and understand it. And like you, you speak clear, keep doing that. So when I got out, I just started grabbed it, grabbed that phone and just start popping it 'cause nobody was doing it. And I knew that I had to do it in a unique way because I was battling on the timeline. I was battling for attention. Right. You know, when you go down the timeline, I'm looking at this shit. I say, okay, I gotta battle the girl that's ass naked.


I gotta battle my man with a pound of jury on. I gotta battle of the rapper, the athlete. I said I got him. That's why if you seen a lot of my videos in the beginning, I'll be running across the highway. 18 Willer come laying on the ground, catch him on my head. They laughing but I'm giving you the message long as you listening. 'cause what everybody was afraid to tell us, like, yo, you can be great, you amazing. Like we built pyramids with no cranes. I don't know what I, I'm reading this shit in the jail. I'm like, hold on, we did that. You mean to tell me hold up, you mean to tell me we, you know, we came up outta slavery. This little lady got us outta slavery sister got us outta slavery and that ingenuity hold what the fuck is going on? Frederick Douglas was who? He did what? Oh, we j we got most of the patents, most shit created. Oh what the f I'm like yo, we could do it, but you gotta, I realized this.


If you can make him laugh, you can make him listen. And I always was like, I always loved comedy because I used to listen to I Paul Moody, Richard Pryor, all of my uncle would play the records Red Fox And I be laughing, but they'd be saying some deep shit and be, they'd lace it up. So I'm like, okay, I just gotta give it to our people in a different way, you know, because I just couldn't get the whole Harriet Tubman thing just, just had me just like, yo, it's nothing. You can't do that. Fuck the, the them pyramids I'm talking about with no cranes. There's no how how was this done? We did that. These inventions, we did that. We created what? So it'll be like what black wall we did. So I just be looking like, no, it's just a different way and a different language of doing it.


And one thing that I'm always do, you'll never hear me say nothing. You'll never hear me talk down or hate or any of our people. You know why never, all of our people got a different, they got a, they might have a different message and, and no matter what you're doing business this, that, I don't care what you're doing, we don't have to be doing the same thing. And just because we ain't doing the same thing, even if we might be doing something that similar, we ain't gotta be mad at each other. I ain't gotta hate you. You ain't gotta hate me because at the end of the day is this shit really about the upliftment of our people. If it is, how can I go online and say anything bad about our people? If I really care about our people Right. I can't tear you down to lift them up. It ain't going, it don't mathematically it don't work. So what I do is no matter if you say something about me, say something about whatever, I'm never gonna say nothing about nobody because that's not going to add value to the whole playing the bus.


That's Wallo really like this dude, I'm not gonna do That. Even off camera. He's like that. And I, because I be like fuck these niggas I was gonna Ask you. He do you and Gil. So like this is like a daily thing for you. Like on and off camera like you said. But like when situations come about, like when people make you upset, when things don't go your way, like how do, what's your mental lock in that you stay grounded where you are right now? Like what's that? My, my thing is this, some of the times when I, people have said things or I wasn't like, I even look at it And I look at it now from a critique bone and be like, yo is that person right? Am I tripping? I'm not a person that's like, I'm logic to the point where's though there's a possibility where's I might do some dumb shit or some nut shit.


So I will even look at it because it's like listen after me dealing with the white folks in that mountains and them coming in my cell at anytime just because I'm beefing with the guard for a week and he coming in my cell every day for a week telling me to get asshole naked and spread and cough. None of this shit mean nothing to me out here. You think this shit means I did 7,300 days in jail. You think I give so it's not that deep. But I, I'm also would look at things and say damn do they got, do they got a point there Because sometimes they might have a point and just because you not rocking with me, that don't mean you hating on me. I might not just be your cup of tea and you might don't know how to reach out or whatever. You might just, so it's like I'm big on that. Everybody's not hating on you 'cause they don't like what you got going on.


And sometimes I understand you might rub people the wrong way 'cause you might remind them that they ain't go after they dreams. That's right. So it's levels to this shit. But you know what I need y'all to do is I need y'all to all try to drink at once. This is my drink, my Jason drink. Pure, pure, Pure, pure, Pure, pure, pure, pure. I said earlier, take a sip. I do gotta ask you a question though. You said when the officers came in your cell right? The white boys. Oh my god. And they told you to get naked. Hold time out. Time out what to drink? Yeah. I Like it. Let me see. Don't drinking that watermelon blast. Tell me I like it. I like it. It's Good. I think that's all I need to know. I'm gonna send y'all some warm, but go ahead get back to the No, when you said the officers used to come in your cell Yeah. And make you get naked and spread your ass cheeks. Did you fuss with 'em a little bit or you just, is that all you heard got naked? Yeah. That's All you heard?


No. You know what's crazy? Like I got so it was so like me, I was so institutionalized. As soon as I knew, as soon as I see him cracking the door, I'm already ass naked. Like I'm just like, what's up? What we doing today baby? What we doing? Because I knew that, I knew that they wanted to see, they wanted to see some black heat. For real. They, they was trying to, they was, they was trying to measure, they was trying to see some black heat. I knew what was trying. I said all fuck it then let's get it. Come on, let's do it. You walked in The kitchen, you turned The up on Let's do it, let's do it, let's go. We we at it again. Y'all back. Huh? I know what y'all want. Yeah. Shut up. Peoples turn around. All that shit hit the wall. I gotta put my hands on the wall, lift my feet, twinkle my toes and all that shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bend down, spray them. Then after I sprayed and grabbed my sack, I gotta go on my mouth and all this dumb shit. I'm like, yeah y'all some kinky balls man. Yeah, whatever.


Peoples keep being smart ass. I'm freaky d huh? Are you still interested? Like is there anything from like, when you was locked up, you know how sometimes people come home and it's like, like I got you can't hear certain sounds or like, you know, like, do you have any of that from all the time that you spent in jail? I got all type of shit. I just, I can't keep up with it. There's so much. You can't keep up with all that shit. It's just so much. You just, you just live because you know what's crazy, being from the ghetto, we normalized jail so much to where though, you know the side effects of that shit that had you like everybody got that shit. The, the family members got side effects from dealing with the jail experience. It just going to see you. Yeah. Yeah. Like you know what, Emini here. So it's like, it it just crazy man. I I but, but I, when it comes to prison thing, what I think is so crazy is that, And I wanna say this to the brothers out there, right?


Especially if you in the streets right now and you, you operating your gun. You, you just in the street game. I just wanna say something rather, you know it or not. Black young black males in the street culture build more communities outside of our community than anybody in the history of life of America. Hmm. Let me break this shit down.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


When we get locked up. I come from 1 9 1 3 2 Philadelphia. The most people that ever, they, they they, they sent the most people to prison. That, that that area code in Pennsylvania. Now when I get locked up and me and the homies get locked up, they build new prisons based on the population increase. When the population increase, they'll take a town, they'll go rent some farm area, they'll bring a Lego prison, put it together, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Once they bring their prison, they build a gas station, they build a Walmart, they employ all these farmers and this is me and the homies doing this. And then now you now you got all this stuff. They got this whole community that we built. But we never, we never, we never built our own community.


We never bought our mama a house. We never send our kids to college. But we sending kids, we sending kids to college. Every time you shoot a gun in the ghetto, you're sending somebody else kid to college. Every time you rob somebody, you're sending somebody, you buying somebody paying somebody else mortgage. Like we are the ultimate, the real street nigga is the ultimate job security in America. The real street niggas. I'm create more jobs than any other people. Any other group in America. More police, probation officers, sheriffs. I'm talking about all these. Every department correctional officers counts lawyers. Now think about the jail. In the jail. You know how many people we probably over a thousand people we employ in the prison.


And you gotta think about it. Everybody from the the guard to the, to the counselor, to the peer per people that work in the kitchen to the nurses. Like we do this and it'd be families, it'd be nepotism on its highest level in there. I've been in prison And I done seen guards start as a rookie and them turn in the war. And I been in prison so long and this grandpa uncle, son, cousin. And on the other side, if you look at this picture in the book And I try to explain generational incarceration, this picture right here in the book of me right here, that's me in the back. This is my step pop hip that died. That's my brother Steve. This is my little brother Al. So in this prison Dallas prison penitentiary, this in the eighties, right? This 87. So in 87 we going to Dallas prison to visit him in 1998, me and my steppo was sell these in that same prison.


Wow. And in 2005, me and my brothers was sell in that same prison. Generational incarceration. And when we looking on the other side, you'll go see the warden then his son is a sergeant. His cousin is a major. Like so we got families in prisons but they on the winning side, we on the losing side. So when we talking about this whole thing, this whole, I'm a real nigga, I understand what you're saying, but you gonna be a real nigga and you gonna be in prison when your daughter graduating and growing up. And it's gonna be some other men in our life that's giving a game that's not beneficial to her. It's beneficial to them and your daughter gonna get taken advantage of. So it's like when we looking at this whole thing that we think we putting it down. I got a bunch of brothers on the other side, they could tell you, you they wish they could, they could relive this 'cause they ain't never coming outta jail.


But You, you, the generational curse breaker Wallo. That's why I'm glad I'm trying to, that's why I'm so glad you put out a book man. S right. I need to see you on every platform having these conversations. I wanna see you on the view. I wanna see you on hold I Camera Hall show. I wanna see. But You know what, you know what's crazy though and that's why I commend you. Like what what I commend you is of of this. And, and this is why our brothers club is a major platform for our culture and will always be you get it when it's not cool, you get it before it go popular. You get it before it goes shiny. You get it. And understand that a lot of these people don't give a fuck about that. Even though you name platforms, they don't care about that. They just want some shiny shit. You right now, Wallo come outta prison.


One of the, you probably, and I'm not, I'm probably one of the greatest comebacks ever to come outta prison in life. But they not gonna get that to New York Times bestseller here, all that stuff stop. They don't understand us. And, and, and we, we control cool. But a lot of times we don't own it. So they try to get a close proximity to our coolness and we so much suckers. We don't be understanding that. We don't even know why when we being used out here. That's why there's a lot of shit that I see online. I be like, damn, we goofy as shit man. Can't nobody outside of us validate us but us. I'm never gonna let nobody tell me that you not cool that you not cool that outside our culture. And I'm never going let nobody give a approval of what's cool and what's not outside of our culture of this blackness.


I love being black. I'm a die black. That's right. My family is black. So I look at us And I say we some extraordinary people and it's not taking nothing else from any other group of people, but everybody else love theyself. So I'm gonna love me, right? And, and you know, And I got some extraordinary people that's not black, that's family, that's business. But at the end of the day, until we start loving us on all levels, we gonna be left behind. Yeah. What do you think about when, when Michael Rubin was up here and said pretty much the same thing that you just said right now? Did not say that. No, No, no. But he just said, we, we hurt ourselves. Say this. He say nothing. No, he basically said our community hurts ourselves. That's what he been saying. Whole. Let me say this though, let me say this though. Everything is about the messenger.


'cause I can't speak on behalf of, you know, different races. I can't do that because they gonna be like, who the fuck is you ao? So that's normal. But one thing that I can say is that I seen, I, everybody is speculating. Everybody's around On that day that Meek was in that courtroom, I was in that courtroom to come to speak for Meek. Michael Rubin was in that courtroom. And when we took that break after the, the, the, you know, the judge was roughing meek up. I'm talking about, she was like, she was roughing me up. We went outside to the hallway and Mike looked at us and said, what's going on in here? Like, this guy was really shocked. I'm like, this is being black in America. He was like, what the fuck he I'm talking about? He was personally pissed 'cause he didn't understand that to be going. 'cause a lot of people just don't know.


He said he Didn't realize it was two Americas and tell that case, Listen that day he looked at, and then he attempted to walk back in the courtroom after we had the conversation and she slapped him around and he like, what the, I can't like, because he stood up and spoke and stood up and she was like, yeah, all right. Writing in the paper like he went and done something. I respect Mike for that. That's right. I don't care what, no, like Mike went and done something. You know, people gonna have they their opinions on people. But I'm talking about when I see a good person, I see a good person. I salute a good person. That's, I ain't with all that other shit because I'm gonna tell you something man, to be real with you. I got a lot of people that's not black that help the shit outta me. Same. Right? Because they really, people that really believe in it, And I ain't talking about business, I'm talking about in life people.


That people that love you, love you. It's not a, it is not always gonna be a color thing. And I know we fight so much to get us together, but at the end of the day, while you spend your your your time on this planet, you better love who love you and you better figure out who love you and who got your fucking back. Mm. Because I'm gonna tell you something. I don't know what everybody else doing out here, but I'm 45 and I'm saying to myself, hopefully I get another 45 out here. 'cause my grandma 90. So I'm measuring it by then. My uncle James, rest in peace of him. He died. He was 93 or 94. But we gotta, we got a nice length in our joint. Pause. Pause. Oh was that a pause camp? I gotta run that by Cam because I'm talking about a lift of years. I'm not saying but Oh yeah, pause said Cam definitely a pause.


Yeah, I gotta pause breakdown. That's cool. The breakdown of the, but but what I'm saying is, well you was a Paul's champion though. You got the more of the history you in the Guinness. But I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this though. I'm looking at it like I'm 45 now. There's a big chance 20. You know what Emini here like 50% of my life or 30 per whatever, I'm getting outta this joint one day I can't worry about, I'm gonna be going, I gotta go And I gotta go. And when I go, my whole thing, I wanna be able to say I left that shit on the planet. That's why, that's why I live the life that I live. I do me, if I wanna buy something, I'm buy it. If I'm wanna go somewhere, I'm gonna go somewhere. I'm not living my life based off of some fear shit. Because guess what? You know how many motherfuckers in the in in the graveyard sitting there mad as shit? Like, damn I should have got this. Damn, I should have went here.


Damn, I should have done this. We don't do enough. We don't live enough. We don't, we don't put more positive energy out enough because I'm saying to myself, damn I gotta, I got a lot of shit to make up on. 'cause I know, you know, when I see God, I don't want it to be like, nigga, didn't I tell you nigga, you understand? Because God get funky for people. You know what Emini here, I I don't wanna be the one who like you had plenty of time nigga. Right? You know where you gotta go. You know what, Emini here. So it's like at the end of the day, I just try to put the best energy possible out there to our people to let 'em know, listen man, we ain't got time. We ain't gonna be able to ever love each other. Do what you gotta do and keep it moving. But one day you gotta get the fuck up outta here. What, what led The Ayana Lavon Zant right in the forward for this book, how That happened? The craziest thing in The World. So she hit me one day in the dm.


I almost passed out and this is why Acts of Faith, what we call the purple book in jail. That was like a joint that everybody carry around in They bike pocket, they be writing they little love notes outta to the girl and all like, it was a powerful everyday message messaging book. So I had the purple book most of my bitch. So I'm like, when she DM me baby, I'm like, what the f I'm like, this gotta be. 'cause I'm the dude that's different than I'm not. No dude that think I'm, I'm a regular person in my world. So I don't think I'm this person that I'm starstruck when I see people, that's important in my life. If I see certain rappers, I'm starstruck. Gil got mad at me 'cause it was six in the morning And I seen Big Daddy King in the airport And I draw detention on him. He said, why you doing that dumb shit? 'cause Ka and Kane didn't really really be barbered.


I know he didn't, but fuck that king. He was a legend. I got announced Chuck DI seen him at the joint. You know what's happening? You know what's crazy? I'm gonna tell you some deep shit. This is how I knew I was a hip hop historian And I was a major part of hip hop. I was at Leo Corum party and, and, and he was giving him Award City of Hope, I think in la. And Chuck D looked over at me. He said, I said I made it Chuck D Yeah, you understand this? Chuck D looked at me and gave me the join light. And I, and in my mind he told me fight the power. Like he knew. But he didn't say that. Chuck didn't say that right. Chuck didn't say that right. Chuck didn't say that, but, but I, but but this is, this is the thing that's crazy. Chuck didn't say that, but I felt as that and he didn't follow me on Instagram.


You know, don't how petty about that. You didn't get a chance to speak to him? No. We, we dabbed it up. But IIII was, I was, I was ready to pass out. 'cause it's Chuck d Absolutely. So I couldn't get myself together. He was like, go and tell Michael Jackson concert. I was ready Paul pass out, but I didn't want to. So Chuck DI was like, damn, this dude's a legend. I'm beefing with DJ Premier because DJ Premier, for him to be a legend, he followed Gil and he wasn't following me. So I'm real petty about that. I'm like, Gil don't know nothing about rapping. I do. Right, right. Like gang, you know, guru was like an uncle to me. So me and him beefing. But like I love hip hop so much. But what I'm saying is that I'm not going see no legend. And don't, and don't freak, freak out, acknowledge Go Crazy because Word Chuck d you was the soundtrack talking to the struggles that took place in America and yo and we didn't have no food.


We had Public Enemy and that helped us through the course. So, so when she hit me, I almost passed out. I'm laying down, I'm like, oh my God and ya Van Za. I'm like, she just DMed me. You know what Emini here, this is like your spiritual mother. So I hit her back. But, so what happened is I asked her Emini here. I had told Charles, I was like, yo man, I said, Charles man. He said, man, ask her man, you need to forward x. I said, bet I'm gonna ask her. And I hit her up. She brought, she let me come to her house, made me a meal, and food was delicious. Come on, IYI don't wanna be greedy. Right. You know what Emini here. But I was like, damn, I ain't wanna ask for another plate. But it was, what did she make? It was like these shrimps, it was the sauce is right. It was just, it was spectacular. And I wanted to make a doggy bag, but I ain't think that was appropriate, but whatever. But she bring me down to the house, I'm down there.


She showed me so much love. Shout out to Ikea too. Her manager to doe thing. But like, and she showed me so much love, man. And she, and she read me, she read me the forward word right then and there. Wow. And then I, and then I hit up and when I hit her up to do for the audio, she just done it that day. Wow. And I'm talking about like, and it was based off of love and how she see me for us. And it was everything. You know, One thing I wanted you to talk about before we leave, you said, you said the feeling of not being punished for doing something you knew was wrong was equivalent to your first orgasm. How long did it take for you to actually feel guilt when you, when you did something wrong? Man, it took me a while because you young and you just don't know. So it take you a while and then, then when it hit you'd just be like, damn, I did some crazy shit.


You know? But it was a while. It was just a thi it was just, I, I don't know. I think I was just part of stealing an American dream. I was doing my thing. 'cause I wanted to be, you understand, I'm looking at these fucking movies man. I'm looking at Ola in motherfucking Goodfellas and, and you know the, the part where he burning the cars up, he throwing the joint. He said by the time I was 14 I was making more money than a, than the grownups around my neighborhood. I'm like damn, I wanted to be that. I wanted some money because we gonna be obvious. I always tell people this, when that guy in the eighties pull up with that Benz and you know what I'm talking about. He got the bins in the eighties. He got that gold chain on. He got that felo sweatsuit on with the Felo. He got them rings on them, nugget rings and all that shit.


And he pull up to the neighborhood, he's pulling up to our black communities to deal with the most beautifulest girl in our neighborhood. And when he pull up to get her as he opening the car door and she getting in the car door, you know who speaking to him, Ms. Johnson, Ms. Brown, Ms. Green. They go, Hey baby. But at the same time, you seeing Mr. John come back from work, he's a plumber or dirty and nobody's speaking to him. I'm sitting on the step watching all this shit take place. So I said damn, I gotta be a part of this shit. And the black community, the women dictate who the man want grow up to be based off of who they date. That's real. So I'm looking at it like shit, I'm only seeing these girls, they dealers and dudes that got nice cars. I gotta get me some nice cars to get me some ass.


Oh I gotta get some, I gotta get some jewelry, I gotta get some, I gotta get fly. That's what it was about. And and the way you saw the get fly was me. That's the only people I seen the respect. They only respected the criminals in the game. That's right. Yeah. The fuck Amir, come up, listen. Money and violence. Listen. Do you go ask any judges, lawyers, prosecutors and all that? What's your favorite movies? Godfathers. What's your favorite series? The Sopranos, everything gonna be, they love the successful criminals. So I grew up to try to be that. But as I grew old, I took responsibility to say, oh yeah, I'm on some dumb shit. I did wrong. You never heard me say it was no, I wasn't in jail for some shit that magically did or because of the white man, I was in jail because I wanted to get busy And I did what I did.


I gotta go Ahead. Oh, to your point about women shaping everything, you talk a lot about black women and Latino women and how you staff your team with women. Can you talk like why that's important and how that's helped you along your journey as you like build Your brand? Shout out to my manager, business partner of Desiree Ivy. Shout out to Annmarie. Shout out to Sham Lawson. My attorney. These women lemme explain something to you about these women. They get shit done. That's right. They not playing games at all. They, they no is not, they don't, I don't know what it is about. No. That get them going crazy. They lose their mind about no. I'll be like, damn, what happened? Somebody told me no today. What, what's going on? Don't worry about it. Mind your business. I get to the bottom, I'll tell you when I get it done.


They move in different. They move different man. They move different. And you know what, you know what's going on. I just wanna say this. And a lot of these companies in America, they be playing games and a lot of times people don't see 'em because they be in the shadows. But when it comes to our culture, black women run that shit. Absolutely. I'm talking about from not just from the consumer side, not just from the the the marketing side, but from the the boardrooms. The sisters I went to the ballroom of Rich Kla company was sisters running that shit. Sisters running shit everywhere. That's right. Like I don't think you gonna get something in all if you ain't got no sisters in that, in that fold. Every single entity. I got a black woman running.


Shout out to all the si Dolly. Dolly Dolly's a monster. She's no joke. Nicole, shout out to all the sisters out there that's doing it. Going up against all the bullshit, all the racism in these companies. Y'all, y'all going to hr. HR is playing games with y'all. They they, they trying to weed y'all out because soon as her sister get up and she stand up for herself, oh she's being a gr everybody play victims. Soon as sister speak up for herself after they see all the dumb shit, these people being these corporations throwing all these rocks, throwing all this stupid shit. As soon as his sisters say, oh I'm not going for that. Oh my god, she's being aggressive. Oh my God I'm scared. Lock the door. Get that. That's ka. Stop that victim shit because her sister stepped up for herself. One thing about a black woman, I don't care who she's not dealing with no bullshit.


A sister of color, Latino, black, they not dealing with that shit. That's right. Boy you think we scared of him? That's right. You know what Emini here, stop that dumb shit. And salute. Salute the rocky too. Who helped you? Yeah. Yo, first of all, first of all, let get shout outs to Raquel. Boy Rocky DAUs your ass. Boy, I I seen flights. I be like, where you go ra? I'm going to see Wilda. Where? Shout out to Rocky. Listen. But Raquel Professional named Raquel da Zeus for you know us getting this done. Great writer did a thing. Shout out to everybody man. My, my my. Oh yeah. Shout out to Jonathan Million for the cover. Shout out to Simon and CHUs at 13 a Charles shoot Jr for making it happen. He did all my first two too. Yeah, no I, Jonathan Million did all the Legend Day hip hop joint.


Yeah that's big. Absolutely. He did all the legend. He did Jay-Z, she did a thing. But I just wanna shout out to everybody out there that's doing their thing. And I need to say this to you, I don't care if you got a word ice stand. You got a T-shirt company, you got a putting a tape out music, you're doing art. You won Yes. Away right from your world changing. Stop looking on Instagram and thinking everybody's beating you and you running late and you ain't enough. And I wanna say something to the sisters out there. You are enough. Don't never let nobody finesse you and tell you that you gotta be this and you gotta have this. You gotta wear this. You gotta go here. You gotta take live your fucking life. Do you In every way possible. And to them young brothers out there, y'all kings, y'all ain't slaves.


So what y'all gotta do is, y'all gotta understand y'all the most fearless group of young men ever on the history of life. This generation right now. That's right. This generation of young black men out here is the most fearless black men ever. Y'all do not give off. Just imagine if y'all switch that up, right. Imagine what you could do when you go, when you say, you know what, I don't wanna be a drug dealer. I wanna be a businessman. I don't want to be a killer. I wanna be a healer. I wanna be a giver. I'm saying it could change. And to my young brothers in the the community rap community, stay away from them drugs Man. And this coming from a man that never did a drug a day in his life.


I never did it because I had to watch my homies. I had to make sure they get home at night and my homie smoked. You know they, they didn't smoke. PCP did all that type of shit, you know, to snorted a little coke. You know, did a little bit of look they, but I always watched And I said that ain't for me. And I don't know who told you this. If you feel as though you're going through somebody, find somebody to talk to, get a therapist. Go to Therapy man. Get a therapist. Stop trying to self-medicate yourself 'cause you don't know what you're doing. And I'm gonna tell you something brothers, when you hit the town, you young brothers and I'm gonna be real with you. Everybody is trying they way to get some drugs to you. And you don't know if everybody drugs is drugs. I'm just being straight up. I don't know. You know what Emini here I'm just saying you got all these people making fake this, fake this. You don't know what you taking and when you get that money, young brothers stay out of don't stay off them handcuffs man.


Please, please man don't disrespect your blessing 'cause God ain't gonna keep blessing you man. You think God listen God gotta work with billions of people. You think God gonna just keep coming around blessing you. That's right. God ain't gonna keep blessing you Take advantage of these blessings. Keep doing your thing and just know anytime you see on stop me, I'm gonna say something to you. I'm gonna tell you what's going on. And a lot of y'all know, I reach out, I DM y'all, I talk to y'all regular man. Just notice you Kings notice you queens and know that The World is waiting for all of us. And we gonna make it. We gonna make it. We going to, you know, Listen Arm with good intentions is out now. Man. Everybody go pick this book up from Wallo. We gotta make this a New York Times bestseller. Yes. You see it win. Oh today because we gonna hit this on Wednesday.


Yeah, today. Tonight we gonna be at Uncle Bobby's in Philadelphia. Yes. Me and my man Wallo having more conversations about this. You gonna be Uncle Bobby's? Yes. About this book Armed with good intentions. Man, make Sure we get you stop you at my man spy. Make sure to give you them cheese steaks. You like them taste cheese steaks. I had some joints up there when I was there last time. Yeah. You know. Yeah you liked you. You was hungry too. The way you ate 'em said damn we Oh no. Yeah, that that got like the salmon drink. Yeah. Yes, yes. Taste cheesecake. Taste loo the taste. Yeah. Type of oxtail Cheese, steaks and all. Oh my god. You going crazy. Nah, I like that type of stuff. Yeah but You know and find your, find your way to support local businesses. That's right. You Gotta make Wallo with New York Times bestsellers gonna, And I can't wait to see Wallo on Tamron and all that Stuff. All all.


But hold up, we gotta also, we gotta get, if you out there, if you have any hair coloring companies, DJ Envy is looking for sponsor Wall. Gentlemen, you like eyebrows and all that. Ladies and gentlemen, goodbye. All make good intentions is out. Now pick it up. Breakfast Brown Girls Grinding. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.