
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I don't know if you know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. The Brother Tank. What's up? Tank win. You know I'm in here, man, looking young And young every time we see you, man. Yeah, yeah, that's, I use a good exfoliant, You Know what I'm saying? What's Your routine in the morning? You got a face routine in the morning? No. Well, I use my, my wife's, you know, beauty tools and stuff, you know what I'm saying? Xena Foster Beauty. I know that you over there gotta get, you gotta get you a package. You sure. Free package. Yeah, yeah. I get you. Right. But that's about it. You know what, what I'm saying? Little Dove. There you go. You know what I'm saying?


There you go. I, I keep it clean. Tank always happy. Every time you see Tank, happy, nasty. I don Okay. Wherever you see Tank, if, if it's a club, if it's out in the street, tank is always happy. He's always in a good mood. Listen, she's apparently been listening to my music, so I feel good about that. Yes. I What? I'm Tank. Walked in, take a look at Jesse said somebody been in there, somebody And, and didn't get out. This ain't funny. You, I'm serious. Serious. Congratulations To you though. Thank you so much. That's really awesome. I appreciate, I'm, I'm, I'm really happy for You. Do you make your movie Emini here? You make your music for those, those moments to get people pregnant? Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's Emini here.


That was kind of the point in the beginning, you know, like everything we do is, is, is for the attention of a woman or women for that matter, depending on how you playing it. You know what I'm saying? So for me, musically, like I want to be connected to as many of those moments as humanly possible. I wanna be responsible for bringing life into the universe. Have people come up to you and said that I know that my girl 'cause of you. I shot the club up, I've met the kids. Damn. Wow. He's here because of uk ut Yeah. No, I'm, I was born 'cause Yeah, I've met the, I'm that old now. Wow. You know what I'm saying? To where I've met the children. Yes. The, the, the offspring of my music. So I'm, I'm really proud of that.


Absolutely. I see. It feels like r and b, especially the nineties, two thousands, r and b has picked up a lot more. Have you noticed that as well? Absolutely. The feeling I would gonna ask You that. Right. It's the, the feeling of it is, is is what's back. People want to, and it's, what's crazy is that of course I give credit to the women for keeping r and b in the mainstream conversation. Right. They, they have been kicking ass and taking names. Right. But I gotta give some credit to hip hop to the sampling of all of this. Oh yeah. Old r and b that they've been bringing back to the forefront and making people take a deep dive into what those samples are and rediscovering the original feelings.


And now desiring those things. Gimme Some examples. What's what's Shit so much. Thats a lot of people saying music. I was just listening to Doja Cat. Yeah, Doja Cat just did it. She just had a number one record. Her record, She no, with, with the, with the troop record. Emini here was originally Michael Jackson five, but all that dude is thing. Gotcha, gotcha. Dang. I was like, ugh. You remember the first time you heard True? Absolutely. Shout out to Little Steve and them like Chucky Booker and them like type of production. Yeah. They don't even do that no more. So you have to actually outsource it by going to the crates. You know what I'm saying? And bringing that feeling back. And, and they don't know why it's connecting. We know. 'cause we were there. Right. Yeah.


But it's, it's something about that frequency that just makes you feel good. I Like even When you like, like your first, you did it with yourself, with your own music. With my own music. Like when you recreated, I Deserve. Yeah. And was it plea? No, it wasn't. Please don't go. You, you recreated too. I did. Well, one of my own I deserve, I was like, let me sample it before somebody else sample it because they gonna take all the money. That Is so good. And Then, and then I went, No, it was the Brian McKnight one that you, did you with feature Chris Brown? It was Brian m originally Michelle and Dig cello. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So there, there was that. And I was like, you know what, I might as well get in on this too 'cause we rarely do that. And I was like, let me just tap into some old, and of course Brian McKnight, you know, one of my inspirations growing up and Michelle Indego cello is absolute one of my favorites.


Amazing. So I just had to get some of that. I was gonna ask you, man, that was one of my questions I have for you. Is r and b music a sound or a feeling? It's both. Okay. It's both because it's like, the feeling is express through the sounds. You know what Emini here, like, you like, think about like Devonte. Like how was he feeling when he made that, when they, when they were making Jodeci music? Like what was he on? You know what I'm saying? He, when, when, when, when Casey says, take my money, Jesus Christ, My house in my car, House in my car for one hit Hit of you.


Okay. Shaw Ain't no pussy that good. Let Him work. Let him work. You gotta, you gotta mean that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In order for it to resonate, right? Yeah. Like, I like, like, yes, you can take my money, my house and my car for one hit of you Emini here. That to this day, to this day, Emini here that, But you don't hear that now. I don that soul and that feeling, By the way, that's just a slick way of telling somebody I'll give you The World. Yeah. That's what you really saying. Yeah. But we moved into this, you know, we moved into this kind of, you know, simp and all of these things when it comes to Yeah. Taking care of women, what I'm or expressing love.


I just think that men are just, they've, they've been programmed to not be vulnerable. You know what I'm saying? They've been programmed to not, to not cater. I don't know who started that. You know what I'm saying? It ain't pimping, it ain't player. You know what I'm saying? Because all the pimps in the players I grew up watching was taking care of they women. But Where, where did it end? Like what era did it end? Because even early Trey songs was, was singing his ass off to the women and women expressing his love. I think it was when the RB singers started wanting to be rappers and when a lot of these RB singers probably started having sex with the rappers. I think it, it's exactly what Tank said is guys are are.


Yeah. Yo, but I'm trying to go over that. Yo, it's what you say. Yo, say it again. That's what I think of what it was. Say it again. I think when the RB singers started wanting to be rappers and a lot of the r and b singers started sleeping with the rapper, I don't even know what that means. Right. Not saying that. Not saying that a man can't make songs about another man and it still be a love song. Just saying. I think that they started loving on each other so much that they really was on some f the women stuff. Yeah. And I think, I wish I could have seen Tang face take it. Like, what the fuck. No, but I also think that, you know, you know, with, with the, with the wanting to be with, with hip hop's emergence. Right. It became this really cool thing that was taking over everything.


The, the airwaves, the radio, the clubs and all of that. And so as r and b artists getting left behind, we're trying to figure out how to compete and stay relevant. Yeah. And so you in the club and you, you know, you a decently hot artist, but none of your songs are being played in here. And all the songs are about bottles and they're about cars and they're about money and it's about, it's not about women. It's about bitches. And so it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, shit, I gotta incorporate some of this into my music if I'm going to survive in this new landscape. And so as, as, as we took that turn, or as r and b took that turn and never found its balance, I, I think it's the DJ's fault.


And I tell you why, because there used to be a time when we was growing up in the clubs, there would be a moment where the slow songs played. Yeah, absolutely. Regardless, y'all don't turn down there. Everybody be on too much drugs. Well, Yeah. Yeah. Emini here, there was a time and, and usually it was at the end of the party, but now it, it comes back. Now I have a set in the middle of my party where I play RB music in the set. And it, and that's usually the biggest part of it. 'cause people are singing, they feel that that how it felt to be in during that time. So it does go back. I would say that, but I just feel like it, it doesn't make it cool anymore if somebody talks about singing in the rain anymore or talking about the girl hurt their feelings. Like, I was listening to Boys the Men record and, and he was telling his girl cheated and he was like, it's okay baby, I just want you back. I just Didn't care.


I just didn't care. But he, if somebody did that now, they'd be like, look at this. Simple as, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I still do it. I don't care. You Still what? Simple. If that's what they want to call it. Yeah. Yeah. We supposed to, we married like, Like from Listen, if I wasn't married, that's, that's still what I'm gonna be on Showing that you can be vulnerable as a man. Like, you know, you open it up and then that I'm telling you, I don't care. That's what, I guess I can only speak for me, but I can speak for a lot of women too. Like, that is attractive when a man is not only just thinking bottles, bitches. Yeah. This is what I'm gonna do. No, it's you gotta speak to my soul and music and some, like a lot of older r and b does that for me.


Yeah. I don't here to die. Yeah. But Yeah, I don't subscribe to any of that stuff. I don't care. I don't care what they do or how the tables turn. I I I do the r and b that I love, that I fell in love with. You know what I'm saying? I, I watch my, my older uncles and, and everybody, I still follow their model. And I, and in my job I'm responsible for maintaining the line to where we, we, we treasure and we cater and we take care of our women. That's It. I think. And the other thing too, I think the art of love making is gone. Like if you listen to your Yeah. If you listen to like, the album that you and j Valentine did and that song Slow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You have had to have made love.


Yep. In order to truly appreciate that record you sitting on my face. That's my type of view. View. Come on, talk Man. God Damnit he serious. You. It's, I scare. You have to be, listen men, I wanna say this. I wanna put this out there and I'm gonna say this. I'm gonna say this this way and then we'll, and then we'll fix it up later. You have to fall back in love with pussy. You have to fall back in love with the idea idea. Now let's clean it up of making love to a woman Talk that talk.


No, you right. Talk. That's right. I'm Listening. That's right. And and doing it at a, a high That's right. Level. That's right. That's right. You Have listen. That's right. You have to study. That's right. A woman. That's right. You have to ask questions. That's right. You have to learn her body Yeah. In order to do this thing the right way. That's Right. Every key does not start one key doesn't start every car. That's right. I know. Where You, you gotta be curious that Right. About that thing. That's Right. That's right. Right. And and outside of the curiosity, you have to have an affinity for it. That's right. You got to have a love for it.


You gotta enjoy It. Sit it on my face. Yes. That's my point Of my type of view. My type of view. Oh my goodness. Yes. Huh? Can I swim in your ocean? Ocean. Can I swim Your ocean? Ocean. Come on now. I'm scuba down. Let's go. I love this shit. Yes, yes. Don't do it to finish. Do it because you love It. Be pregnant. Listen, listen. My wife would tell you just eat it and beat it. I At a high level Beat. That's right. I treat her like she knew all of Talk about it a lot. Talk about it.


Pause, talk about it. That ain't no pause. You talk about your wife ain't no, I we was, we was facing each other. I Don't care when I'm you in the club, I don't care what no other niggas is doing. That's right. That's Right. That's right. Listen, when we, I used to be in the club with Jamie Foxx and Fox will look around in his sex space. Too many dudes in here. Y'all gotta move. That's where I'm from. Yeah. What a women at. That's right. That's right. That's my focus. Right, Right. And that's not a dis that's just the truth. Yeah, it Is. That's why I got all this nice shit on man.


Your Mu RB singers, I would assume their muse is women. That's at all times. That's the point. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. That is the point to to, to have some type of spiritual or physical connection with a woman. So that's what we're getting in the vault. Oh. That's what we're getting. We're getting more Of that. More of that. Yeah. More of that feeling. The the shout out to fab fabulous is, is when I say standup brother, absolutely man. Emini here, pull it up for me. Not just on the song. And you know, sometimes, you know, when you're dealing with a, you know, an artist, you know, with of the magnitude of fab, like it'll, it can take you a good four to six months to get that feature.


He's moving. He's a Abu Dhabi. He's, you know, he's moving around. This man said, I got you. As soon as I get back, I'll be back in a week and a half, two weeks. I got you. Not only knock that out, said when's the video when we shoot? Cool. I'm on the way. Then said man, where the assets, so I can promote. Like, But fabrics come from a different generation. That's true too. But, but he's still fab. You know what I'm saying? And so your access to him, regardless of how cool you are, is still limited. Right. Because he's doing what he does. Absolutely. And so for him to make himself available to me and for this record man, which is really, really big, big Before we get started. Before we get started. And this racist, it's, it's, in terms of climbing the charts is my fastest record. Oh wow. You Know what I'm saying? Why do you think that is?


Tempo. Okay. People have been, people have been waiting for tempo from me. I got the slow in the mid. I got that. But now they didn't let me get some tempo. Now you done fucked up. So you did this on purpose. You wanted a tempo record. Oh, Absolutely. Yeah. This is calculated, this is on purpose. I needed the right one. My guy Dirk sent me this record. I said, you do not know what you have just done. You gave Tank tempo. Crazy. It's crazy that you still trying to make new records at this point. Emini here, not saying that you can't, you have such a catalog. Yeah, but you really don't even have to if you don't want to. I do. Okay. Because I don't remember that last hit record. I don't remember it.


I don't, I don't live in it. I don't live in that last outfit that I wore. You know what I'm saying? Every day is, okay, what's next? How can I beat that? Ah, that was cool because I'm, I'm watching around me. You know what I'm saying? If, if need be I'll, I'll drive up to CB's house, you know what I'm saying? And let him play me a thousand songs. I'm like, shit, I got more work to do. You know what I'm saying? I'll look at the charts and see who's on there. I'm not, oh, okay. I got work to do. Yeah. Like, that's what drives me. Like it's, it's, it's, it's so many new things happening every day that I'm like this. Ooh, I gotta compete with that. I gotta fight with that. You know what I'm saying?


And it, it, it gets me up for game. Now your, your health and, and how you are as far as not drinking and all the things that you do. Is that from what place? Is that from a place of you seeing people your age doing it and you're like, damn, didn't look as good? Or is it from a I just wanna be healthy type of place. Just it's real, it's really healthy. Emini here, it's, it's really like I'm an athlete first. So for me it's very important, you know, what goes into my body. Because what goes in is what comes out. You know what I'm saying? I've, I've, I've often, I've often been in the gym and, and my motto to my, to myself is, what will Floyd do? What will Mayweather do? You know what I'm saying? Because I've watched him buy 30 bottles.


You know what I'm saying? I've watched the people around him rolling up smoke and I've watched the people around him just indulge. I watched him do none of it. Mm. And then grab his stuff out the back of the truck when we leave the club and run home. Mm. And I said, that's what a billion dollars looks like. Mm. I want that. So when me and my guy gains get in there, like, it's not a game. This part of what I do as it correlates to who I am as an artist, it's not why I do it. I would be doing this anyway. Gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Like, I want to be 150, you know what I'm saying? Still pulling up to The Breakfast Club. 150. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shoot here. We ain't gonna be here.


Listen, I pray y'all are still here, but if y'all not, I'm still, I think I'll be here. I got 101. You got 101. Listen, I, I I, why can't we? Yeah. 150. Why not about a Hundred, 150? Why not? I'm not gonna put, I'm not gonna say we can't, I'm not gonna put a limitation on it. You know what Emini here, It's all in what you're putting in. Then what happened with Jamie scare you too. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, you just, it just goes back to the, the idea of you just never know. You just never know. And it's not something you can predict. Not something you can, for his situation prevent, you know what Emini here, sometimes your body will just, you know, the alert is, is detrimental.


Right. Your body telling you something is wrong is sometimes, you know, the alarm is, is, is, is damn near fatal. You know what Emini here. And that's just, that's just life. And so, yeah. It's scary Emini here, just not just 'cause he is, you know, one of my best friends, but just like, it, it could have easily been either one of us. You know what I found interesting about that situation too? 'cause you, you talk about, you know, giving people their flowers while they're here. When it seemed like Jamie, I don't wanna say this, but may not have made it like people didn't know. Yeah. Everybody was giving him his flowers. So when he made it, it's like all of that kind of just stopped, went away. It's like when he was like, we were a preach, Jamie's the greatest of all. He one of the most talented human beings. And soon as then you realize he's okay.


He is just like all of that stuff. We, we, I Emini here. I want to say our culture. We have a thing about that. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, somebody passes and then we've, you know, we run the music up the charts. You know what Emini here we have a thing about our legendary artists that we just don't preserve until it's too late. You know what, Emini here, I was having this conversation yesterday about, about Boys to Men. Right? Boys to Men is the highest selling group of all times. Not the highest selling black group. The highest selling group. Wow. Really? And I actually remember, I actually remember a time where I was sending my sister to go see a boy to men concert at a venue that only held 400 people.


How is that even possible, right? That we let boys to men get to that. Now they back, now they, you know, they six, seven figures. They're good now, right? Yeah. But how is it that we let that happen? Whereas in the Rolling Stones can pop out every summer. I was gonna say that we think good sold out stadium, they're not that good. And they should be that good if they, the number one telling, they should be on some Rolling Stones to do the garden three times, four times, five times in a row every year. You too. You, we can, we can run down the list of those legendary artists from those other cultures that still get to run it up and we just throw our legends away so casually.


Like they, like they didn't build this. That's, that's, we can't do that. Sad. Yeah. Well, how, what the highest selling group in what category? RB Emini here, r And b maybe, I don't know, Boys to Men. I don't know. I'm, I'm looking, I'm asking Yeah, yeah, yeah. Google that. Yeah. Mr. Dexter's laboratory over Dexter. Look it up. Boys and Men. Yeah, but you're right. But, but even think About it, the highest selling RB group of all time. But even think about it like this, no disrespect to Michael Bivins. Michael Bibbs should be a hundred millionaire if that's the case. Because he founded them and them records are still moving. Well, Emini here, that's, that's business, right? And so, you know, I was in the boy, I was in the New edition story, you know what I'm saying? So how all that business came about and, and what went on behind those.


That's something, that's a different conversation. But ultimately, yes. You know what I'm saying? The conversation should be, Michael Bivens pioneered X, Y, and Z. Let's make sure that he has a job or a high level position curating the next generation of, you know what I'm saying? Right. When people come on my podcast, like I, I, I yell at all these people. I yell at Sean Garrett, I, I yell at, you know, all, all these pioneers who come on, on, on, on our problem. Like, what are you doing, Mike City? What are you doing? You know so much about this game. You've curated so many moments, so much music, have blessed so many artists. What are you doing?


You know this, what are we doing to preserve our genre music? Right? Yeah. And so, you know, I've, I've challenged everybody and we're taking the challenge on too. RB Money is taking on the challenge. We RB everything, the R Money podcast with Tank and JB and on the Black effect iHeart Radio podcast network. Yes. What is the meaning of the RB money? Like, like why is it your podcast? Why is it the albums? What, what does that mean? What does that sound brand mean? RB Money. People love money. People love the idea that something makes money that is successful and, and, and, and that is just attractive to people.


The word money. Right. You, you can't get past it. Like as soon as you say, as soon as you hurt young money, it's like, oh, them some young niggas getting money as soon as you hurt cash money. Oh, they money isn't all cash. Like, you just love money. Yeah. Yeah. And so for me, it's like associating r and b with success. We could, we could be deep and put some other nuances to it. You know what I'm saying? A glamorous r and b or, you know what I'm saying? Or top shelf R and b No, for simple people, R and b, money, r And b money. This is how we live. And all this you see came from r and b. That Makes sense. Yeah. Now, when I listen to a song, like wanna Love is love when it comes to r and b, the sound or the feeling, is it simply sexual?


No. Okay. No, no, no. It can't be because love is not Love is love is not those things, like we say, wanna make love like that. It sounds good. You know what I'm saying? That's just the physical aspect of it. But love is the choice you make about somebody every day. It's not an actual feeling. Love is a choice that you have to make every day. So I'm rocking with you, right? Good or bad or ugly. Like when we just talking about some, somebody when he said, I know you was seeing that other fella, that's part of it. But I didn't care. I didn't, I didn't marry into perfection.


I'm married under the idea that, hey man, whatever it is, we just gonna rock through it. I chose you to walk through life with. And that means


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, Meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work, You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So, spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time, I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise. My name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now, wherever you're listening, and we will get you caught up.


Whatever comes with that love. Gotta be a feeling though, right? No, that's euphoria. Really? Yeah. Break that down for me. Take. I ain't get there yet. Love is a choice. Okay? It's a choice, right? As we go back, let's, let's say you're a Christian. Let's say you're, you're, you're, you're, you know, you're a devout Christian. You in, you're into the Bible. The choice that was made was that Jesus said, I'm going to die for you. God so loved The World that he sent. It wasn't a feeling he said something in motion because that's how you show the love. Mm. I'm gonna send my son and then he's going to die.


Another choice that he made, he didn't have to die. He could have, he could have tore that whole thing down. But You only make that choice for things that you have, have feelings for, right? Like, I don't wake up every day and choose to love something that I don't have any love for. It's a commitment. It's a commitment to your purpose, right? You get good feelings from it. You know what I'm saying? Because that's, that's just you being, that's just you being connected to the universe. Things feel good. You know what I'm saying? And when you're on a certain path that you're connected to, it feels even better because it's connected to your purpose or connected to, you know, like when you, when you have deja vu and you're like, I, I feel like I've been here before. I feel like I'm supposed to be here.


You feel that? Yeah. Right? But that's just, that's just feelings. Yeah. Love is a choice. I have to decide how I express that choice. And we just, we just call it love's. So war is the choice too then. Hmm. War is the choice too. A hundred percent. Okay. You got a song on the new album called War and then a hundred percent it made me say, if you know your behavior is going to cause war, why choose it Tank Sometimes you can't help yourself, you cannot help yourself. It's you all, you we're not perfect people. That Is True. We're not. But you know, you ain't supposed to spend that 10,000 in the club. You know, you ain't supposed to.


Sometimes you can't help yourself. You're A married man, you not supposed to, You ain't never been in a club. And it just, and the moment just got good to you. I just feel like we need three more bottles. We need three more bottles and we need five more thousand in ones not, Not in my forties. Not this age. No, No. I'm not saying right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just saying when you started really getting that money. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like when you, like when you in the strip club and you in a zone, You talking to somebody that picks up singles off the floor though. That was back in the day. Relax. I was at war with myself. War When you in the strip club and you get in a zone.


Yeah. Just bring me more wands. I'll figure it out after this. It like offering, remember remember you could manipulate the, the where you go get the money from the machine. Remember you could manipulate the ATM on the weekends. No, No. A lot of people Too young for that. You remember, you could, you could, you could go to different ATMs and grab money out based on the balance that you have on Friday. On Friday. Mm. And they wouldn't catch it until Monday. You'd be overdrawn like, oh, I know. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like 1500. Jesus. But I had to get to the strip club. They needed to see me. They Needed to see me to see me.


And I couldn't come in empty handed This man. How hell have you spent at the strip club today? How much, how much you think you spent at the, the strip club? Most than one night? I don know That much. When you said 10,000. No Emini here in the most than one night. Maybe not something, maybe like a little 40, 50. Nothing crazy. 40, 50,000. Yeah. Yeah. At strip club you mean a Little 40 50. What's wrong with that? That's a Lot of money. $50,000 in a strip club. In relation To what? To what you make? No. Someone who only he Said No, no. Can't say I'm acting my wage. I don't know about y'all. We know what y'all, sometimes You save up for that moment. I've, I've seen real money being spent in a club, you know what I'm saying?


I've been with BMF with real money. That 50,000 I'm talking about is nothing. Yeah. They was storing all hundreds when I walked in with 'em. And, and like in in, in Charlemagne fashion, I had my shirt out. I need to catch some of this. That's right. That's right. I'm not gonna dance. But all this can't hit the floor. Like I've, I've seen it. What Do strip clubs do for r and b singers? Like, we know why rappers go to the script club. Like, you know, they wanna get their music played, yada. Y why? What what's the, Because at the time our music was being played in there. So you forget my music is being played in strip clubs. Oh Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. No, I host strip clubs. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they call me and they play, they play win.


We, they play fucking with me. They play. Yeah. I got, I got shit. Yeah. No, you do listen home. When you dance, you got song over. You dance When you dance. I got, I got shit. Yeah. You know what I'm, I'm saying. And so when they dance to my music that I, I have to reward them for that. That make sense. You know what I'm saying? I have to take care of them for that. So you The strip club for free. They, the money that you make at the strip club you give back Just to give it back. You like, now don't be dumb. It's The give back program. I remember when I hosted, I was the first artist to host King of Diamonds. And I remember when I hosted King of Diamonds, I think I, I think I might have got like 15 to 20,000 for it. And, and, And I foolishly got all that in once.


Mm. But I had a time, I went back, played basketball, had some food. I looked up one time I got Aaron CORs out. He was eating steak. Mm. Played Basketball. Where? King of Diamonds. Oh, they do In Miami. Barber basketball. Barber shot everything. Barber Barber. That nigga say Y niggas won't even leave. It is like, Nope. They had to, they had the, they had the soap, they had the, the s you could get in the pool. Like I, I left like one time, seven o'clock in the morning. Wow. I was walking out. Strippers was dressed. You had walked out together. You had A residency. Residency an apartment. That was before you was married though. No. Yeah. Well, but war is, war is just a depiction of that.


You know what I'm saying? This means war. Look how late I'm walking in, I'm in some random club, drinking with my friends. What does your wife say when, when she hear these stories? She be, she's indifferent. You know what I'm saying? Because, you know, she don't like strip clubs at all. So she doesn't go with you. No. And I'd be like, babe, you should go with me. You know what I'm saying? We had this rule where I wouldn't go and then I, I just started breaking the rules And I was like, look, I'm going grown ass man. You can kill me. Tell where I can't go. But you know, it was because I would go in there And I would kind of be irresponsible. You know what I'm saying? More Emini here. I Understand if, if you spending 50,000, She'd probably like tank. No, it's, it's that. And so there's okay.


If you gonna go, you gonna have a good time. Like, don't forget, you know, you got, you got a family. Let's just, let's just, you know, so Damn. How good of a time are you having when you forget you have a family tank? You know how much of a time you must be having in the strip club? Well, you got a family. It's if, if if she looking at, you know, looking at the Amex, you know what I'm saying? And then there's just, there's a tab for $12,000. Like what are, what are we doing? What are That's right. What are we doing? Come on. Now. That's, But you need a white bow. That's nice. You need, you need it. You need an accountability system. That's right. I absolutely need that. That's right. So that's just, that's just kind of our thing. But you know, in, in this song, I just wanted to make sure to tell that story because every man goes through this, you know what I'm saying? Where they just wanna do what they wanna do. They wanna do their thing.


I see you calling me, but you, you I'm rocking right now. And so, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's like you said, it's starting a war. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, you're starting a war. Yeah. But you're like, you know what, I'll, I'll, I'll fight that battle when I get home. Fuck it. It is what It is. Well it almost got a country feel to It a little bit. It's very country. Is that On purpose? Like It's very on Purpose 'cause of time That's going everything. No, I did this record three years ago. Wow. Mm. And I was like, oh, y'all finally caught up. Cool. I drop it. Mm. My guys jevon co-captains, they produced it. And when they sent it to me, I was like, bro, this is so different. And when I, when I wrote it, I was like, okay, let me tell this story. You know?


'cause country is, country is still a good place where you can tell those stories. The best, the best to me. And so that's, that's where that came from. But I've been there. Everybody just now, you know, trying to be country. I, I've been there. A lot of these songs are a lot of these songs, songs that you had been done. Emini here. Is that why it's called The Vault? Because you think of a vault and you like, this is what I had. Ben Had that one is the only one Okay. That I had already. What's the other one? Come Inside. Dang. You know all about that, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, That met her at a special place. She just relived That shit. Alright, alright.


Yeah. She's a, that was the Kevin Hart dance And that record When, and, And I had that record, but I did that record at, at the love camp for Puff for Diddy in his, in his album. And, and when he was going through records, this, this song didn't make the cut. And, you know, And I called And I called him. I was like, bro. 'cause he was holding all the records because everything was done at the camp. He's mine. I paid for the, you know what I'm saying? I paid for the camp and, and rightfully so. You can do that. You know what I'm saying? Whoever pays for that studio time and all that, they, so how Did the camp work? He, he Paid y'all to write Records and he just kept, Well Emini here.


He, he created, he created the atmosphere. So bought the, bought the studio, set up the tents. Like he just did a whole thing. Chefs bar, like you said this, this was in La La Fantastic Album. That album was too, by the way. Yeah. Great Album. My album was fantastic. Yeah. Great album. You know, so I wasn't mad. I was like, man's some, it's some great music on there. I'm not mad. Jazzy did her thing on there. Yeah. I was like, crazy album. But you know, a lot of times when, when, when artists have these records that, you know, they hold 'em until, until they need 'em. They'll use 'em for the next project or whatever. And I, And I, And I hit 'em. I was like, Diddy And I, I need that record, man. Can you please, please let me get that record. Playboy. I got you King. You good man. Run with it. And that was, that was love on his part, man.


'cause most artists, you know, they don't do that. How many Did you write on the record on the Album? I didn't write any on the album. No, No. Not on the album. Yeah. Emini here. I, I submitted a lot of, did a lot of work. But for me, like it was, I don't really go to camps. You know what I'm saying? I don't go to the whole, you know what I'm saying, thousand producers, thousand writers. Yeah. But you know, when he hit me, he was like, bro, you're the, you're, you're the best edit. And I just need you. I need you in the building. I need people to see that you're here. 'cause that's gonna make people tank here. We, I gotta go hard. I gotta, I gotta go crazy. And so that was, I was there for the energy, but also to participate, work with, you know, cardiac who's super dope. Eric Bellinger, all those guys was up there, you know what I'm saying?


Like the, the room Emini here. When I say it was crazy. It was crazy. Like the people that came, that showed up for Diddy for that camp, it was crazy. Yeah. It, it was crazy. So I, I was just, I was just happy they let me walk, walk with that record. Yeah. You weren't about to go on tour, but another og Carl Thomas. Carl Thomas, yes. One of the greatest RB albums of all time. Bullshit. Oh My God. Not even close. And people I've, I've seen people ask me, you know, people ask me, why, you know, why you choose Carl Thomas? Why you choose Kerry Sen? I'm like, you don't hear it. Emotional is literally one of the greatest RB album. Like, You don't, you don't, The bottom love making music, You know what I'm saying? Like when we down at them, dude ops with Mike Garner down in, down in, in Miami and them Carl Thomas records.


Come on. It's a thing. Absolutely. Shit really happens. Listen, play. Some of them carry Sen records. Like things happen. Yeah. I was like, first of all, I wanna go on tour with my friends. I wanna go on tour with people I like. But then two, I want to, I want to be out there as this a RB money tour. I want the catalog to be expensive. It some expensive catalogs. You know, Carey got hot one, hundreds. Carl Thomas has timeless r and b I'm talking about timeless. I'm in parties today, right now with Summer Rain. They play at, at the top in the middle of the party at the end. Like they bring what? And I grabbed the mic. I don't care where I'm at. No karaoke even planned. I'm like, I seen Home. Gimme something. Lemme just gimme a little. Oh my gosh.


Come on. One tank. I you gotta pay for that. Charlemagne has given us you. That's right. He's blessed us with his Storming. Come on Outside when she keeps me home. That's my song. That's all you got. Yeah. That, that was, that was, that's the baby Singing. That's, That was my wife in college that going rocking with Call Time Carl Thomas Emotional, and Joe, my name is Joe. Ooh. Ooh. Woo woo. I I'm, I gotta, I gotta do a tour with Joe too. Yeah, man. A tour and a song. I love that. People have been wanting that for quite some time. You know what I'm saying? I, I get, you know, Joe likes to hide until it's time.


You know what I'm saying? Like, well, you know, I'll be, I'll be out Playboy, you know what I'm saying? I'm gonna pop out, I'm gonna see what's Going on. You mentioning everybody. But TGT, I ain't nothing about no Tyree and Genuine. What's up with that? Yeah. But you was in the studio with Reese. I saw you in the studio working on my Beautiful Pain. I was Over there. Yeah. Yeah. I think, you know, I think we, we we are at a great place, man. Yeah. We're at a great place where I think now we all, everybody collectively sees the value in what we are, in what we created. And it's, again, it's this resurgence of just that feeling of r and b.


And so you got, you got two guys from the nineties who got classic catalogs. You got me coming in from the 2000 who came, came up under these guys. And, and people are hungry and thirsty for that. And so you're gonna see, you're gonna see some TGT, you know, fortunately, thank God you're gonna see some, y'all got An album or Nah, I don I don't know if we have an album, but we do have, we do have a couple moments. Okay. Yeah. That were, that we're lining up that are gonna be very special. So that's all, that's all I can really, really say about that. And, And I saw you the other night, man, I forgot, I don't know where y'all was at, but Flavor Flav was singing.


He was, What was, I forgot what he was singing. Was it, We were honoring, they were honoring, I don't wanna get this wrong, the bp I Don't remember see their, I can't, I can't, I don't, I don't wanna mess up the name of the organization. I asah hit me. It was like, we're honoring Jimmy Jim and Terry Lewis and we need you to do what you do. And I was like, cool. I'm in. You say Jimmy Jim and Terry Lewis. I'm in. I don't, I don't care what it is. And so we're honoring them. And, and, and Babyface is there and you know, I don't wanna pressure baby face to sing, but he's there and I'm like, baby face, if you want to sing, you can. You don't have to. And they started playing one of his songs and we were singing and face was like, nah, nah, let me, let me handle that young fellow.


And he started singing just Flavor Flav just came outta nowhere and just started and just started singing. You Look surprised that he could hold a note. No, it, that wasn't surprise. It was just like, like think about it. It Was like, why'd you take the mic from Babyface to give it the flavor before we go. My thing is Babyface is singing. Got you. All right. Yeah. And, and Flavor Flav has the, the gall and audacity To take the mic from Babyface to run up and start singing against the Babyface. Yeah. Yeah. Why didn't you stop it? That's why the game need referees Tank. You supposed to stop That right there. You big enough to stop him Paul, At that moment.


Right. It only goes one way. It only looks like disrespect. Yeah. In front of that many people. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like to now it's, now it's Flavor Fla. He is Flavor Flav. Right. Let's not discredit him. He's who he is. Absolutely. And then I run up on him and say, Hey nigga, baby face Singer. Hold on right now, nigga. Hold on, hold on. But didn't He disrespect baby face? In a way, Baby face has to fight that battle. Listen, listen. And don't think that if Babyface felt a way, he wouldn't have handled it, right? Yeah, yeah. Babyface is, listen, the the, the songs are nice and soft and Meek Babyface is not no sucker.


He's a nice guy, but he's, he's nobody's sucker. I promise you. If he felt a way and he, he would've, and, And I was kind of following his lead. Gotcha. The Babyface would've looked like he wasn't feeling it right then we would've handled that way. But he was, it was all in good fun. It was all in good fun. Well, r B MONEY, THE VAULT is out right Now. The vault, say it again. The vault is out right now. And we appreciate you for joining us. We'll be out on 26th. That's right. Yep. Yeah. It's all, it's out. Well it's out right now, right? Yeah, it's out right Now. It's out right now. Okay. Are you going to, what are you, what are you gonna do with this music? You already know what I'm doing. I got way, I I can't ain too much I can do right now. 'cause I can't get pregnant twice in one, you know? How far along are you? Five months. I'm about to be six, five months.


Yep. That's a good time. Yeah, I'm, I'm still, look, I'm still on RB money. That's a good time. You could still move a groove month. Oh Yeah, yeah. I'm still moving a groove. That's to believe. Can't Get pregnant again. Lemme tell you something, my wife was pregnant. It's some of the best, the best time ever. Some of the best, best time ever. Of the Best Of time. Oh, secretion. Oh my God. Best Of the Best. It's something extra in there. It is. Can I swim in your ocean? Oh, And I drowning Into deep time. My bow tie. I just, I know that's right. I know that's right. Oh it, How many people I put on RB Money? It's a note. Skip. It's like an ointment man. It Alright, take album out right now.


It's take it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the Morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time, I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise, my name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now wherever you're listening, and we will get you caught up.


It's Beginning to sound a lot like the holidays, the Roku channel. Your home for free and premium TV is giving you access to holiday music and genre base stations from iHeart all for free. Find the soundtrack of the season with channels like iHeart, Christmas and North Pole Radio. The Roku channel is available on all Roku devices. Web, Amazon Fire tv, Google tv, Samsung TVs, and the Roku mobile app on iOS and Android devices. So stream what you love and turn up the cheer with iHeartRadio on the Roku channel. Happy streaming.


Hey, loves, it's Paris Hilton. Are you ready to s live your best life this holiday season? Well, I've got the ultimate holiday giveaway just for you. Go to paris hilton.com/giveaway to win a fabulous gift basket filled with handpicked faves from my gift guide, from my iconic cookware and chic apparel to glam goodies from my go-to brands. This bundle has it all. Don't wait. Enter now at paris hilton.com/giveaway. Good luck and happy holidays. Keeps living. That's hot.


The dating app fatigue is real, mindless swiping meaningless. Dms and an overwhelming amount of likes have made us feel more disconnected than ever. While most dating apps are all about pursuing someone else, there's one that's carved out a space for you to find yourself. Download field, F-E-E-L-D On field, an app where curious people come to connect. You have the breathing room to explore your own desires and go on a journey wherein the person you discover is yourself. In fact, 62% of Field members evolve their sexuality interests and desires within their first year. On the app, you Have the freedom to explore who you are and what you like in ways you haven't imagined. As part of this community, you'll quickly find that people regularly practice honesty and openness. See any field buyer Download field, F-E-E-L-D On the app store or Google Play, pk.