
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Thursdays on a B, C, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses but lives. New episodes of Extreme Makeover Home edition. Thursdays at eight seven Central on a, b, c, and Stream. Next day on Hulu


with The best all inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun in sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive Budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured adults only all-inclusive package to Secrets resorts and spas. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRose is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Damon Waynes Jr. Welcome. Thank you boss. Thank you man. How you feeling brother? I'm feeling all right. You right. When did, when did Jess have a baby? Like three years ago? Two months. About two months ago. Two, three months. Congratulations. It's maternity leave, so that's great. That's great. Be back shortly. I always want as way, right. Are you born into the Illuminati or you have to earn your spot like everybody else Are? The Illuminati.


You definitely don't get hazed. They definitely walk you right in. No, I don't know. I don about Illuminati. Yeah, no man. How you get there? Illuminati Had to earn my spot. You did? But I'm saying y'all like, y'all been successful for so long. Oh, so Success Illuminati, you know that. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on. It takes it takes it. You know? Yeah. You kinda just walk in at this point. Yeah. But you know, I'm a conspiracy theorist, so Yeah. I don't really, I fuck with Illuminati. Yeah. I thought the conspiracy theories, the conspiracy theories did like the whole Illuminati. Isn't that a conspiracy? What the Illuminati. The Illuminati is a conspiracy, but yeah, but I don't attach myself to that.


Oh, gotcha. Dam. Like, what the fuck are we talking about? Yeah, I thought you said I'm a conspiracy theories. I'm like that. That's what You'all do. That Illuminati Talk. You know, I, I'll be on, I'll be on YouTube, I'll be looking at the videos. So What is the conspiracies about the Wayne's Brothers then? How, how have the Wayne's family been so successful for so long? I don't know if there's a conspiracy. I think it's just, it's just family working together, you know? I feel like that's what we all should be doing. Absolutely. You know what Emini here, like I feel like black people learn best by example. And so you have a bunch of examples and you just copy 'em. Let's talk about the pressure of being, Oh on one second. Did you study every member of your family? Like, did you watch everything Keenan was in? Did you watch everything your dad was in?


Did you watch everything Marlin was in? Like I'm talking about since you was a child, like, did, did you study everything that they Did? Emini here? I, I watched the stuff that I like, like there was, there was ones I skipped You. Skip What did you skip? What you skipped? What did you skip? Glimmer Man, I don't remember Glimmer Man. Remember I don remember the Glimmer man. My dad, my Uncle King did a movie with Steven Al Glimmer Man, is that what it's called? I don, I don't remember that One. That me either. Blank man. No, no. I watched Blank Man. You was in it because I was in it. Yeah. We just Got a Picture of you in it. Oh my God. Dude. Does that get on your Nerves? That's crazy. No. That's so cool. Yeah, we, he, you see Glimmer Man, I don't even know what he talking about.


I'm that pulled it down the glimmer, man. It wasn't Glimmer. I don't remember this one. I definitely don't remember Glimmer Man. 1996. I missed that one. Yeah, man. Yeah. Yeah. I like the, a lot of people did. Yeah. Yeah. I like the comedies. I, you know, I like Don't Be A Menace is one of my favorite classic love Major Payne Classic. I some my favorite. I love, what was that movie with Jada Pinkett, my Uncle Keenan. Oh. Load on Dirty. Load Down Dirty Shame. Down Dirty Shame. Yeah. So I love Those. Those are like my top classics. Yeah. Yeah. And Blank Man. 'cause I was in there blank Man. So who The everyday working class Williams? Everyday working class? Are there any Everyday working? We Got a bunch of working class Williams. Okay. They, we got a big ass family. So there's like a lot of people that are just as funny as everybody, but they just don't feel like, you know, going through the Hollywood shit.


But Do they just work? Do they work on the set or do they have like, We have some that work on the set. You know, we got I love it. Yeah, we got, we got Uncle Sean's writing on the show works on Papa's House. Yeah. Aunt Kim. She's A showrunner. Yeah. How you know all that? Oh Yeah. 'cause Act like I, this nigga guy, he live Here, you know, my, I got my daughter works on the set. She's a, she's a stand in for Essence Atkins character. Wow. And she be writing on the show too. She's great. That's it. Yeah. She's dope. Now we gotta talk about the pressures of of, of being a Whams Emini here. 'cause is it pressure though? Pops uncle, family, cousins like, yeah. Is there any pressure? No, I don't feel like, I don't feel like there's pressure Emini here.


Maybe in the beginning. In the beginning it was like, I used to, I used to have a, an alias when I went on stage. Kyle Green. Really? Yeah. And no one guessed it. You look Your like, wait, You look like the Weighs family because You walk your, It's pop. No, like the middle of my punchlines back. You look just like your damn daddy. And so I had to change it just to Damon, you know. But really I was just trying to get my bearings, you know, I was trying to like get on stage and not be like, come to the stage Damon Wayne's son, you know. So that's Why. Have you never got something because you a Waynes like, they was like, eh, part of the family now Maybe. I don't know. They don't, you know, that's all that behind the scenes stuff. But you know, they let you in. They'll let you in just because they wanna see you.


You know, they'd be like, oh, Damon Williams when I first started. So I got in some, some rooms and shout out to my family for making it easier for me. You know, a lot of people, you know, they get, they frown on the Nepo baby thing. But I, I think it's great. I think it's like, you know, I don't see nothing wrong with it. I don't either. Emini here, I feel like it's a business. This is a business just like any other business. If there is a, you know, a car manufacturer and then he passed it down to his son, stuff like that. It's just, that's what it is. I think what y'all done is phenomenal. I phenomenal. I was driving on the West side yesterday And I saw a digital billboard for Papa's House and Oh, they got a billboard out there. Yep. And it was you and your pops And I was just like, man, number one, the OG Damon Wan's been getting it for a long, long, long, long, that Long time.


That man, that man's a Killer. And it's nothing cooler than being able to do what you love to do. What your son like, everybody. We love what LeBron and Ronnie doing. Gotta give it up for y'all too. Yeah, Man. Emini here. I I'm, I'm happy man. I, it, we, we've had a really good time so far. We shot like 11 already and you know, it finally came out last night and I'm just hoping, you know, people keep watching and, and seeing 'cause it gets funnier and funnier. You know, the, the pilot is a good, it sets the stage, sets the characters, but we had a lot of suits. You know, they were like, kind of like making sure that we did what, what they wanted us to do. And then as time went on, they've let us spread our wings and now we get to just be ridiculous and funny and heartfelt and, you know, I love it.


I love seeing my dad every damn day. Well, what is Papa's house about? For people that don't know because it came out yesterday. Oh yeah. Yeah. So Papa's House is basically about a, a papa who's a popular morning radio dj. And you relate Yeah, A little bit. Yeah, a little bit. And he is a, he lives alone. He's happily divorced. He basically lives his dream of solitude until his son, who is like an immature needy guy, moves in next door to him with his wife and his two kids and just kind of turns papa's life upside down. And that's basically the, the long and short of it. We were toying with the idea of calling it raising Damon.


'cause it, it's like, you know, you think it's him raising me, but then it, you kind of see that papa needs him raising too. It's a lot of old school versus new school views. I think it's really cool. You know, I think it, I think my goal for the show is to bring back black comedies. You know, like had I known that, you know, in the nineties, in the early two thousands, like, we're never gonna be again. You know, like there were so many options. We had, man, we had like, we had Fresh Prince of Bel Air Living, single Cosby Show, Cosby Show, Martin Different World Martin. We, we had so many options on so many different channels.


And had I known that we were gonna have like nothing for like, you know, over a decade, I would've appreciated it more. You know, family Matters. Nobody can explain to me why that went away because it's not like all, all those shows were super successful. So what happened in Hollywood that they just flipped the switch and say we don't want no more of this. Let's do reality television. I Don't know. I feel like they always use, they always use black people to kind of build up the platforms and then just do away with them. You know, you, you know the Living single friends thing? The UPN, remember UPN? Absolutely. They used all them shows. Jamie Fox show, Marlon Wayne. Marlon Wayne, the Waynes Brothers Wasn't Mo showing there too.


Maiz. Come on now. So they had all these damn shows. Your Pop your pop show too. My wife and kids. My wife and kids. Yeah. I didn't wanna say that 'cause it's That that was just, that was, that was fine. Be like, I Don wanna say it. I love, I love my wife and kids, but like they had, so we had so many shows And I feel like now what we have, we have Abbott, we have the neighborhood. Is there anything else? Nah. You know, there was a ti there was a resurgence, but a lot of 'em weren't good. Blackish grown. Oh yeah, Blackish was great. The shy. Yeah. Grown. Yeah. Insecure, right? Insecure Atlanta Insecure was great. I'm talking about like sitcom now.


Like they don't ever Yeah, like the sitcoms, like network tv. I feel like it's, you know, it's far and few between And I just hope that, you know, maybe the show gets popular enough to be like, oh, let's bring more of those. Yeah. You know what Emini here, I, I love it because I feel like people need to see black people enjoying themselves. Black people making each other laugh. Black people making The World laugh. You know? How Much of this show is just improv off the script? 'cause it's, I know it's based on like, you guys were really about to move next door to each other or something at one point. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a lot of it's improv, you know. But we, we have a script, but we definitely do whatever we want because, you know, it's my dad's show and he'll just let people play. And so we having fun, you know, I'm, I like, I like to improvise but you know, there's certain characters that like to just do the script and they're fine doing the script, but everybody's having fun.


Are you good at taking notes? Are both are, are you and your dad good at taking notes? Me? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I take notes. I Emini here. I take, I like constructive criticism. I, I'm, I'm Emini here. My dad, that's how he raised me. You know, this dude is the most brutal critic of all time. I did, I did, I did years ago I did, what was it called? Def Comedy Jam. I did Def Comedy Jam. I was like 25, 26. And I got standing ovation. Like I was nervous as hell. I got standing ovation. I do really well. I get off stage. He comes up to me, he goes, do you think you did son? And I go, I don't know, like eight, nine. He's like seven and a half and he just walks off.


Just like, There was no context. Nothing. No nothing. No notes. No notes. You just got figured out, do Better. Mm No. How do you feel with your dad doing stand up and, and you know, he would talk about you guys and standup. Yeah. And of course he talks about you, you know, masturbating all through the household at that time. You wait to ask that question. Yeah. So how did that, you Lit up. You lit up that saw that. Yeah. Boys Got, oh geez, louder. So how was that for you as a kid when your dad used to tell 'em stories? I, it was, that one specifically was embarrassing. 'cause I remember one time I was, I was like hooking up with this girl and or about to hook up with her.


And she was like, wait a minute, are you the guy that does the thing with spaghetti? And I was just like, what? And then she plays me a clip of the fricking video of him just, you know, talking about me going spaghetti again. I'll be right back. And you know, I didn't get any that day. So yeah, it messed me up. Damn. Did You not get any, 'cause she wanted you to do the spaghetti trick right then and there and you was like, No. I was like, I'm not gonna, I'm like, you can do this spaghetti trick. Yeah, no, she just, she just wanted to laugh at him. She just laughed. It was very embarrassing. Damn. Yeah. And y'all got a Gregory Owens on the set. Yeah. Right. The, the legend Elvin from the Cosby Show.


Gregory Jeffrey. Jeffrey. Yeah. His And no, his his name is spelled weird. Yeah, it's spelled with a G Jeffrey. Jeffrey. Almost like Ria. Yeah. And you don't wanna call him Elvin 'cause it's disrespectful. So Jeffrey Yeah, we got, we got him. But Do, do you p do you pick their brainin? Like do you sit around and have conversations with him about how, you know, things were back then? N not really, but he's, he And I have a lot of scenes together. Like, we just shot an episode together. It was just kind of he And I and and my wife on the show. And we just have so much fun together. Yeah, he's so ready to play. He's so, you know, just happy to be there and I'm happy to have him there. And it's just very, like, he's just such a, he's a Shakespearean actor, so it's like really cool to see him in his element.


Like we did something in this, in that episode specifically for him to shine. And, and he really did. It was really funny. Do you think you have an appreciation for history, being that you're surrounded by it, Emini here you're making your own right, but you're always, you, you Emini here your whole life. I'm sure Eddie Murphy, Oren Hall, Robert Town, and these people were just there. Like, so do you have a his appreciation for it? Because if it was me, I couldn't shut the fuck up. I'd be asking a million questions. Yeah. All the time. You know, my, my dad kind of instilled in me not bothering famous people. Like I, I I see them And I give them a respect, but I'm also like, you know, you do your thing.


You know, I don't wanna I don't want to ask you the question that I know thousands of people ask you. Like, I see Eddie And I just like, I'm in awe, but I'm also not gonna like show him that I'm in awe, you know? So I don't really bo I don't like bothering famous people, but we did used to have a lot of fun. You know, we, my dad said that, you know, when, when I was a kid that he used to invite that Eddie used to invite him and his family on their little yacht parties. Right. And my dad would have to go on there with his, you know, his wife and, and me as a kid. I was like two years old, maybe three. And, and Eddie would be sitting there like, man, this is, this is nice man. Like looking at my family, he like, see this is what I want.


I want this. I'm gonna go fuck some bitches. And like, he'd leave and my dad would just be on the boat by himself with his family. And there'd be like a bunch of girls there and stuff like that. A bunch of celebrities. And it was really cool, you know. And I remember one time, well my dad told me this, he said that, That's what I want. He pointed to Eddie said, I want that with them. He just, Yeah, that's what dad definitely. He was like, I want that. Yeah. But, but Emmanuel Lewis, you know Emmanuel Lewis? Yes. Man. So Webster. Webster, He was, you know Emmanuel Lewis? Yes. So he was on the boat right? One time. And, and he was like dressed fly. He had a suit on, had a watch. And he said he had a watch, he a little dude.


And I, And I as a baby was confused 'cause I'm like, you thought he was a big baby? I thought he was a big baby. I'm like, why he, how, you know, all them big words. Why, how you, how you, who gave you a watch? You know? I'm like following him around the whole, oh my God, the whole yacht. Trying to, you know, see what's up with him. You know, just like eyeing out another kid on the boat Who gave you them shoes? You know where your diaper at? You know how old was you? You remember I was two? No, he just told me my, my, my dad told me I was walking around following him everywhere. He was like, come on man. Go. He was like trying to shoot me away, man, that is fucking funny. I'm like, oh man. Like come on man. It's nap time. That's funny.


So What is the, you, you guys always keep Essence Atkins booked. I know she's in Papa's house. She plays Dr. Ivy Green. What's, what's the chemistry with her in the Waynes family? Like, can you talk a bit about that and a decision to bring her on this show? Right. Well first of all, essence Atkins keeps herself booked. Like that woman is a phenomenal comedic actress, phenomenal actress period. But she's also like really funny. And initially my dad didn't want her to be on the show. 'cause uncle mom was like, yo, you gotta put it on. You know, she's really funny. I don't know what you're doing. You know. And, and my dad was like, kind of, you know, like, no, he was on, she was on your show. I don't want to have that on my show. Like, leave it alone.


And finally he, you know, he was like, come in and read and she went in and like from the moment she walked in the door, she was killing us. Like just so funny. Like before she even said a word of the audition, she came in, killed it, killed it left. And she was the first person up too. So everybody el like she just sucked all the energy out the room and there was just like no one was gonna do or top that. Mm. So, you know, so Essence keeps herself booked. Like she's just phenomenal. Now you Also see the change of comedy, right? Because you've seen everything your family has done right From Blank Man to Living Color. Do you think comedy can go back there without people getting insulted about getting offended, taking things personal Emini Here?


I don't think so. Emini here, I feel like, Can y'all do Blank Man too? The Show kind of into, we Can do Blank Man, but it's blank Man offensive though. I feel like, I feel like


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night Football and Prime Video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise. Cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a feature at adults only. All-inclusive package to secrets resorts and spas. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


The Following is a high five moment from high five Casino dot com. I won no boo Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army Sarge High five Casino. It's a social Casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go. I win three spins, cash prizes, free down rewards over 1200 games. I want. Again, Platoon present cell phone. High five. High five. Casino. Casino. Win it high five Casino com and download the High five app. High five Casino social Casino.


Blank Man was like pretty chill. I don't remember. I have to go back and watch it again because what I, because what what we didn't think was offensive, now when you back you be like, damn. Oh yeah, that would piss everybody off. Now you know what, Emini here. True. How do you get away with all that? Don't give a fuck. Oh Nah, I like it. You gotta keep Going. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You just canceled. You gotta treat it almost like comedians, right? Like I'm not a comedian, but you gotta treat it like that. Like yeah, you don't know. You crash till you crash. That's true. I'm not trying to crash, but you know, that's True. And that's what like, you know, like that's what got you to where you are, you know? Yeah. Same with you. Like you guys, like I really, but I missed Those shows. I missed it. Live on color shows and those shows that pushed the line and pushed the edge.


You know, I, I don't know. I blame, I blame Judd Appell Bring you down. I'm Here for it. Bring you down. I'm all here. I'm always down to blame the white man for something. So, so I Emini here. This is a conspiracy theory, but I, I I don't think he did it intentionally, but I feel like it started with Super bad. Like Super Bad came out classic, classic, super funny. And then I feel like after that it was just no more black stuff, no more black movies. Like, it was just like, you know, they were like, we got it from here,   And then they did all their, you know, they, it was like Jewish comedies, like starring Jewish people. Jewish young guys, which were really funny.


Like, I love 40-year-old version. I love Bridesmaids, I love Super Bad, but I feel like it like just went that way and then there was no more black comedies. Like they don't make 'em anymore. Have you noticed that? I wonder if it's because I think about what you're saying all the time. 'cause I love the tone of all those movies you just made. Yeah, I, I even put Get 'em to the Greek in that. Yeah. I wonder if it's because Hangover, they're willing to take more risk. Yeah, Well they have the, like There's a lot of things that they do in their comedy that I feel like some black people wouldn't necessarily do. Don't they have the room to do It though? Right? I disagree. I say I'm, I'm saying the opportunity's not there. I'm sure you know, there's like a bunch of black comedies being written. They're just not being shot.


They're not, they're not being given to black comedians. Yeah, But I think he's asking would like some of our big name black comedians, would they take those roles that are gonna push those boundaries? Because it could offend. But what Boundaries? Emini here. People are offended by everything nowadays. Emini here. So Emini here depends on who you're talking about and what you're talking about. Well, it's a lot of like, back in the day when you look at it living color and all of that stuff like that, they weren't afraid to pretend to be gay. They weren't afraid to, they wore dresses. I, I'm, yeah, I'm not saying you got a wear to jump, but they weren't afraid to push the limits. Right. There's things that I feel like this black people wouldn't do. Yeah. Emini here now you just get critiqued for everything. But I think if it's funny enough, like they'll let you do it. You know, like, like we let Robert Downey Jr.


Get away with blackface 'cause it was funny. Right? And, but I don't think he could do that now. I don't feel like, I don't feel like anything is, I don't feel like, I don't even know Super bad could get away with being super bad now. Maybe super bad, but like 40-year-old version. I'm not, not sure. Nah. Right. Like these, Not Even nerds. Not even nerds. Which is crazy. Nerds is rapey though. Now. Now when you go back Nerds. I haven't, I haven't, I haven't watched you go back and look. They be like, it's rapey. Yeah, Emini here. There seems like, you know, the guy, when the guy dressed up the, the girl thought it was her boyfriend, the costume he had on, but it was a whole other guy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


That was Rapy. Yeah. Yeah. So Emini here, it's kind of like, I feel like people are just way too aware and, and, and way too sensitive. You know what Emini here, like leave room for comedy. I feel like comedy is experimental. It's not, it's not the entire truth. It's like grains of truth. It's someone's truth potentially. But in the reality, the goal is to make you laugh. Yeah. You know? And, and, And I feel like people shouldn't be watching stuff ready to be offended. You should be watching stuff, trying to laugh. If you're watching a comedy, if you wanna laugh that By the way, it's not even just comedy though. I think about back in the day, like why was Q in high school fucking the nurse in Juice?


They didn't even give us an explanation. Like there was no reason for it. Like, why? I didn't even think about that. Why was she just, why was this nurse just fucking the high school? I bet You, I bet you there was like a storyline that they just didn't have time to explore. They probably had to cut it. You know what Emini here Are you guys going to like, 'cause I don't, I feel like too, it's a lot of the, like the networks know that people will be offended so they try to stay away even if they wanna try it. Right. But in Papa's house, like you guys have Essence Atkins, who's kind of coming in and your dad is like the old school person who he's like aware of the boundaries, but he doesn't really care. And she's like, you're gonna have to care. Are y'all gonna kind of play around with that a little bit more and take those risks? Or is is the network like we can be cute with it, but like No, because your dad be willing to go all the way there.


I love it. Oh, he goes there all the time. Didn't he get in trouble on your, on your show? Like years ago? I watched that last night. Remember I watched it last night. People were things resurfacing things for no reason. Well, they put my picture during that whole controversy. I remember just my, I do remember it everywhere. I was like, come on now. I was like, he didn't say it, but guess what? You gotta pay for the sins of his father. Crazy. That was crazy. What we, what did you say? Oh, Y'all, y'all, y'all gonna, y'all gonna push those boundaries on the show? Yes, we are. We, we have. And I think that, you know, once the, the, the suits the CBS saw that we know what we're doing, they kind of like let us play, you know, Emini here.


Like, and you'll see e each episode gets funnier and funnier and funnier and you know, and the characters are get more and more well-rounded. We deal with like real issues too, which is kind of weird to have like serious scenes and stuff like that. But we, we do that too, which just makes the comedy funnier. And I I love what we're doing right now, man. It's, it's, it's very unique, especially on CBS. Like, we're definitely making CBS uncomfortable with the choices we're making, which I think is great because we're pushing the envelope. It's like we got, we we're competing against streaming now. Yeah. We're competing against network shows that go for it. So it's like there's no time to really just play it safe.


What do you teaching your father? Because we all, you know, we all Teaching my father, You gotta be teaching him something like, 'cause you know, your, your experience is totally different than his experience. Are you teaching him anything? I, I don't know. You know, I don't, I I really maybe be a little nicer. I don't know. I don't know. I don Is he nicer? I feel like he's getting nicer. Does he getting older? Little nicer. He's getting, he's getting nicer. You know, he's, you know, he's cranky sometimes, but that's just how he's always been. You know? But then he, you know, he has a, you know, has, he has really high highs. Like if you make him laugh, you can get him out of a bad mood. Gotcha. Like, that's how he used to get outta spankings.


Make him Laugh. Make him laugh. Yeah. I, I gotta ask, tell, tell me the close encounter, like what's the clo like I'm talking about the belt. The ass about to be, and you come with that fire joke that made him put the belt down. So he used to swing the belt with, you know, like some people like fold the belt. He ain't used to fold the belt. It would just be like long. Right. Like a whip. Like a whip. Yeah. And so when he was about to hit me, I was like, don't get my ding ding. And I like held my stuff and then he just laughed because he would wrap around sometimes and go hit the tip, you know? Ooh Dang. He didn't hit us a lot. That sound abusive. But we did when he did. Yeah. Ho Yeah. But he was, you know, he got, he got his ass whoop when he was little. So he didn't really know.


But he didn't hit us a lot. I, I can name, I can, you know, count on one hand how many times I gotta ask. You're drinking soda and water this morning? I had to, I I, I had a long day yesterday. Yesterday was long. And so I had, I don't even drink soda like that. Like if my dad see this, he gonna be pissed. The soda's, the caffeine, the water is the healthy. So water is to flush it out. Caffeine is to wake me up. Oh. What? I don't like Coffee. I don't like coffee. Coffee makes me, you know, shit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I already, I don have a problem with that. Yeah. Coffee. That's coffee. Why? I do my reposado. I be doing shots. Water dehydrate. Yeah. Hennessy laxative for me. Yeah. I don't, I don I don't, I don't even drink like that. I had two glasses of wine yesterday And I I'm messed up right now.


Jesus. Yeah. She got about seven and she's still fine. Not seven glasses of wine. Yeah. Seven, seven shots. No, I had like three glasses of wine last night. Yeah, but you were youngster you could do that. Yeah. But what I do is you, I I hydrate while I'm doing it. Yeah, yeah. Because it makes it easier. Yeah. Do you do like salt, like little Celtic salt? They said that you put salt in the, in the water. Supposed to really get into your bloodstream. I've Heard that. No, I never heard of that. Are You ever afraid to work with your pops? Because you know that he just like sabotaged his SNL situation and just walked, he purposely did things to get fired. Do you ever think that he might do that again? Emini here. I, I don't, I think he's, I think he's more patient now.


I think he's, I think he just wants to make a good show and spend time with his family doing it. Like I feel like this is like what he likes doing. Mm. And so I don't think he's gonna jeopardize that. Yeah. Emini here that, you know, maybe 10 years ago maybe. But like now I feel like he's just like chill and, and just having fun. Like, we just be laughing the whole day. It's just, I love it. And, and when, you know, you talk about, you know, Sean writing on the show and you know, your Aunt Kim being a show showrunner. Do y'all even look outside of the family? No, we have a lot of people that are from our outside of the family too.


Okay. Like, there's like 12, 13 writers on the Show. But you said they know you guys though, right? Like They're like family friends. Yeah, we all know they're family friends. Like the showrunner. We, he, the showrunner wrote Major Payne with my dad. He wrote on my wife and kids with my dad. So do Strangers get a Chance? Strangers get a chance too. Yeah. We got some strangers in there. That sounds So crazy. We got some strangers. I love it though man. Y'all are doing it the way black people should do it. I agree. Absolutely. And I think that, you know, and, and we're not bringing in stragglers. Like we're bringing in people that contribute to the project. They're not just being like, they're not just there 'cause their name is Weigh-ins. They're actually like contributing and being really good. Keenan Junior's in the writer's room, which is, he's so damn funny.


My brother Michael in writer's room. It's just, it is just great man. I, I don't know, I, this is the closest thing I've come to being on a show that I have control over. Right? Like, I always kind of envy my family because like the first generation, because they got to come in as themselves. Like, this is who we are within living color. Like this is who we are. Take it or leave it. Right. This is funny to us. Like I've been an actor for a hire my entire career, so I've been funny in spots. But you can only be as funny as they allow you to be. And so I love that. This is kind of like the next best thing, you know? Right. It's still my dad's baby, but I get to contribute a lot and he's very collaborative, so Yeah.


Damon Gotta go guys. Oh Yeah. Well two more questions. When did you feel like you started to make your own name for yourself? Like when people started saying, oh that's, that's not Damon Wayne's son. That's actually Damon Wayne's Jr. I feel like when I had the happy ending show and then I booked the New Row show at the same time. Right. And so there was like a whole uproar about that And I thought that was pretty cool. 'cause Happy Endings was my first, the first show I ever auditioned for. And then New Girl was the second show I ever auditioned for. So I, I felt like, I was like, oh I got, there's something, you know, I got something and, and then after that I just felt like I can do my own thing. Are you gonna be part of the tour that they're doing?


They're doing a tour. Yeah. They know about the comedy tour. No. 'em together. They don't be telling me nothing. I'm I'm second generation. They Nah, they barely told us. We just thought they knew was gonna Drop their hair. Thought was was No, I saw that clip. I think. Yeah, I saw that clip. You're so well composed. No, no. What I was gonna say is I think it's something else. I don't think it's a tour. I think it's something Lemon color Is reboot. I can't say but what I think it is, but if it is what I think it is, it's gonna be fire. We know that. But like, we, like, it just has To be have to on the have to immortalize the wings. I think like the winds need a 30 for 30 or stuff like, you know what I'm saying?


Like, Oh that'll be dope. Like, but do they do that for I Don't, I've never seen 'em do that. See First Yeah. Emini here. That'd be dope. But no, I it's gonna be, it's a a what? I think it's, it's either like, it's like something on TV or film I think. I think so. What's it called? I don't know. I can't say. I think you might Have said too much. As soon as it dropped he gonna be the host. So we gonna be like, he was in here like he didn't know nothing But I gave more than he did. You did. But this is your time to shine. Just matter what they did to you last time you was, you wasn't even here and they put your picture on things You strong. Right. You should just blow it up right now. No, I can't say because I don't, I don't know if it's true. 'cause if I say something and it's wrong True, then I'm gonna look like an idiot.


I get it. So they be, they they, they don't even tell me that much. I hear like whispers. My family's just gossiping ass family man. Well salute to you for continuing to carry the torch the right Way. I thank you man. And salute to y'all man. 'cause like I came here, I forgot how my, how many years ago? At least over a decade I think. Yeah. Yeah. And then to see what you guys became is just fucking phenomenal man. Appreciate you Brother. Yeah. Papa's House Monday's eight 30 on CBS. Make sure you check it out. You can stream it on Paramount Plus as well. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank You man. Appreciate Damon WANs Jr. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers. Get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you wanna enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact way you want, at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Blue Diamond Resorts. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.