
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in and we got some special guest joining us this morning. Yes indeed. We have TI And the brother Young Joe. Welcome fellas. Hey, what's so What's up? How y'all feeling this morning, man? Good. I'm blessed. We know you. We know, we know, we know. First and foremost. Congratulations Man. Thank you. How does it feel? I heard that, that you're not really taking any shows anymore. The Gnet got to be the first thing I'm saying. Congratulations All. Well thank you. I appreciate you. Because that's how show, that's actually our show.


That's our our show. Yeah, our show. You were the Jingle Balls you would Show Jingle Balls talking about Yeah, that's my show. I named it. No, No, no. That's our Hard show. That's our hard show that we do in Atlanta. But yeah, I'm excited about it man. You know it's gonna be a dope show and, and you know, I still have other performance stuff that I agreed to when I felt like I needed to do it with PSE or just, Yeah. And I, And I still, you know what I'm saying? The PSE, you know what I'm saying? They, they probably, they gonna get like probably three, four, you know what I'm saying? Three, four of them. Like all Come on y'all, let's do it. You know, like one ear quarter. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just joking man. I'm just joking. But I'm for You doing this to me, you doing this to me.


Don't worry About it man. Plenty room on the yacht, man. Plenty Room On the yacht. You know, I was always told retirement is not an age, it's an income. And we heard you say that this solo album gonna be your last album. Yeah. Like NB just said. You said it's gonna be your last show. Yeah. Last paid show. But that, that, that, that don't mean that I'm not going to still work. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like there are other things that I'm doing. I'm still writing, producing, directing films and I'm, I'm, I'm working on my third one. We about to start actually by the time this airs, I'll probably be filming, it's called Situation Ships. So romantic comedy based in Atlanta Law Line is looking for love in Atlanta. Good luck. And I'm excited about that. It's the first film that I'd be directing and starring in myself.


Terrence j Brittany Hall, Dominique Perry, you know what I'm saying? So you know, we got, you know what I'm saying? Other things that we doing, I'm probably finna shoot my special end of the year. But you know, for that, that movie we have somebody that might wanna be a part of it. Who trying to find some love in The World. Who is that? Well it's not me 'cause I'm married 20, 23 Years. That'd be a reality show. That wouldn't be a movie. That's just wondering who you talking about? This young lady over here. Why? We always got it. We call her LL Cool Bay. She She always alone in her room staying at the wall. That Was your best joke. You've been sitting on that one. No, not you ain't heard that one you Practice.


He was waiting because I ain't even heard that one. What thing? I Don't think I'm looking in Atlanta though. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, Whoa dang. Wow. Discrimination Much. No, I just, I You sound like what Trump just said about Detroit Have some No, I have, I love, I have some homegirls down there that have had really bad experiences. It's a little Really bad experiences. Yeah, it's been, it's been a little trauma in the group chat. So I I think I'm, Yeah, it's Probably you do, You do attract with the energy you distribute. I tell her that all the time. First of all, I'm not talking about me, I'm talking about the, the home girls In the group chat. But you're talking about how that, how, how their experiences are influencing your decision. Is that for Sure? Yeah. I I think that So you're talking about you essentially?


Yes. You're well I I attract great Things. You do ish. Alright, well what what, why would that change if you took it, if you took that same energy to Atlanta? Well, from what I hear in Atlanta, I think the ratio makes it where like Objection, hearsay. I just hear a lot about that ratio and how kind of, you know, the guys got a lot going on. You got, it's, it's a lot down there and you know, everybody wants to deal with successful and you know these amazing black men. But if they, they 50 people and don't wanna settle with one long Dayton, the Dayton never gets nowhere long as You got the whip appeal. Oh my goodness. Whip appeal. I don't think we can say that.


We can't, we say we can't say that Kidding baby face. That's baby face. Two young don't Baby face. Face. Wait a minute. Where's whip a pill by baby face Ring? Yeah man, that was not that funny. Yeah, but I think that, I think, I think that, I think it's somebody down there that like, 'cause it probably a dude down there right now who like, man, all these girls want the same thing and you know, everybody want to be seen with somebody in Cartier glasses and hopping outta Maybach. What's wrong with Cartier Glasses? I'm just saying. I'm just saying. But I'm Just saying.


But you know, but that's the kinda guy she's saying she's trying to avoid. That's She trying to avoid me A little bit. Is that way you Describing it's just, I think it's just, it's just certain, I think the, the lifestyle in Atlanta, although it's really, really fun. You have a good time. I think that kind of plays a, a part of it too is like eventually we get like, And I, I'm outside, I go outside, I'm around. But you get tired of like every single time we go out we gotta be in the club. We gotta be with the hookah and the drink win. Yeah. That's when she tired of this every Weekend. No, I don't, not every weekend. And if I'm dating somebody I wanna do things other than that. And a lot of the people that this is another conversation in the group chat. A lot of my homegirls feel like in Atlanta that's all the dates are. It's such and that it's fun in the beginning, but then you wanna really dig deeper.


I don know Where you gotta always go to the club and do Hookah. Nah, you can Go to Etheridge, you can go over on Bankhead Are many traps to travel. So they, they, They gotta surround the wrong guys. You know what I'm saying? Because the guy, I feel like the, the people that's coming through art chat, it's like they just wanna go to Cheetah. They wanna be, they wanna be out like they, that's it. Emini here. Well yeah, I think, like I said again man, you you, you, you attract the energy that you distribute. So if that's what they, if that's what they attract, then they should probably look within, you know what I'm saying? And tell them to stop and be the change. They wanna see. Stop, stop going to Cheetah. You'll stop meeting people that don't want To Cheah. You know What I'm saying? This Good food over there. See what I'm saying? See That's, that's all they told you.


Hey girl, go to Cheese. They got good wine. Now Drew, you took a step back man, you, you, you took a step back. You ain't put out album since what, 2015? Mm. Took a step back. Yeah. Emini here like as far as put putting out albums. Yeah. Yeah. Like you know what Emini here, well over that, over that period of time is I still put out like little pieces of projects and things that like that of that nature. You know what Emini here I think we did after that we had TikTok. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Put out TikTok and and then I went into rehab and stuff like that. You know what Emini here. So I've been rebuilding myself as a a person.


Absolutely. You know what Emini here, I felt like I should dig into the inside of me and find out what, what I have to give to the public. You know what Emini here find? You don't have to Use that voice drill. Not on Dr. Bill. I had to voice This is, go ahead. Listen. I had to find the good in myself. I, Everybody to The World sober drove that. I think it's good in all people. You feel what I'm saying? And if, if, if, if nobody can find the good in you or see the good in you, I think you should give him a hug and tell him life is difficult for the blind. You know, that's real. He had, he had to Dig deep, you know what I'm saying? To dig, when when did, when did you decide or what got you into rehab?


When was that, that call And I said this is the time. 'cause Emini here for my whole career, I, I would see Joe in the club with me every week. And Joe was performing. Joe is at every stage. You were, you were the epitome of an artist 'cause you were out. Yeah, well I got tired like of the same things like, you know what Emini here, like over and over again getting high and saying I'm not getting high. And you know, repeating, repeating, Repeating the saying, laughing, lying. And I, man struggle man, talk about it real overcoming the real struggle that man back, I Gonna ask because your crew just didn't do nothing but laugh.


Like even his dad two tis like welcome to Soro. Like Nobody takes it serious. It but you know what though? What he say? A bad pill got him. He let it all go after that bad, a bad pill got him. He's Telling the truth like, nah, but you know, you know it, it was more than that. It was actually I overdosed. You feel what I'm saying? And I used the, I used this platform with the, with the thank God to S that in the background. That's your brother, right? That's brother crazy man. He's a mechanic. Kub, he's a mechanic. The mechanics always laughing.


Kub is a daub individual man. So you almost overdosed. Yo. I did no know what Emini here. And, and all, all of these things happened. The overdose. My daughter was on drugs and you know, career-wise, I wasn't where, I wasn't where I wanted To be. What is this? What's up with your man, man? Hey, you finna get slapped Emini Here, here we cool but I slap the shit out you by laughing. Oh man. I'm just, I'm just telling you, we cool. Hey, you ain't gonna slap me now, now what you want to do? You ain't gonna slap me. What you wanna do? You gonna hurt yourself. Don't let him take you outta your Sore. Come on Y bank head though. What? I Listen.


Hey man, you, you. Hey listen. Hey both of y'all. All y'all, everybody came in that motherfucker with me. I ain't, Hey look, everybody came in that motherfucker with me. Hey look, everybody came in that motherfucker with me. Hey look, remember who you came in. Remember what we doing here, man. Come on man. Let get this shit together bro. Alright. Alright. I'm sorry guys. And first of all, Joe, congratulations on being two years old. Yeah. Like I was saying three actually three. Three. Yeah, I'm approaching four. You feel what I'm saying? So like, like all of these things happened to where it made me want to actually seek something better. You know what, Emini here. So when I took myself to rehab out in la did a couple months out there and it was cool, you know what I'm saying?


I got back out And I was still tempted to live that kinda life, but I saw what was in front of me And I, I was like, this is more valuable than what's behind me. What, What gave you the, the courage I would say to, to be able to talk about it. Right? Because you know, some people look about it as it's embarrassing and then some people will say, you know, it could actually help people that's going through the same thing that you are actually going through or that you dealt with, you know, Emini Here with the support team. You feel what I'm saying? Because the first time it happened, we had like an intervention and he came over. You mean First time like overdose, first Time or I need to know what he grand hustle intervention looks like. I really, well he came over there. Hey Palmer. I'm like, bro, I'm delicate right now, you feel?


But Emini here, like the love I got and the, the the support I got it, it made me feel safe. It made me feel safe and you know what I'm saying? Of course I do feel ashamed. You know what I'm saying? At first, you know what Emini here, why it's a disease. There ain't nothing to be ashamed about. Well, because like we from, you don't supposed to let nobody see you like that. You know what I'm saying? We always talk like, you know what I'm saying? Once you find yourself in that position and your brother call you out on it, you be, you be, you be hoping that you could get rid of it before he come and check me. But when he come check me on it, I get mad at myself and be like, damn, I supposed to got straight before, you know what, Emini here, my manager would come or if he would come, you feel what I'm saying? So it was, it Was a, now the, now the up thing about it is, you know what I'm saying?


And we've had this conversation before, like as, as, as long as he was battling his addiction, long as he was on drugs, I never actually saw him do drugs. I never saw it. Like, you know what I'm saying? So whatever he would do, he'd do it. And I don't know whether he would hide while he was around me or not. But I Was. But what I'm saying there, when like while we was around each other, it was still this, it was still like this. So when I went to him, I didn't even know. I didn't know the difference. You know what I'm saying? I still, but I was concerned. So I'm like, Hey man, I can't even fuck with you like that man. Yeah. Do what you going to do bro. Do do what you gonna do, bro. I ain't finna sit around watch you do this.


I ain't going to do it. I feel like I remember that period when you was, it feel like you was giving Joe tough love? Like you had to put him to the side. You didn't cut him off. I Didn't put him to the side. I just told him, man, you going to either man, either you, I I can't just continue to support you deteriorate or deteriorate, destroy yourself. You got to. And he was like, man, all right, I got it. Because the funniest thing that man told me, because when he, when he overdosed. So wait a minute now stop. I'm Trying to be, I'm trying to be, Hey man, stop bro. Go look man. Okay. You and Charlamagne the same. You know that When I go to my problem Or whatever that he laughed. Nah man. Like it's not time to laugh, but no, no, no, no. But help me through it though. I ain't, but no, but look, no hear me out.


So this is what I'm saying now, God bless all of the people who have, you know what I'm saying? Who have overcame addiction and God bless the people who have succumbed to it. And so many of our, our leaders and so many of our just the, the, the heroes of our culture are, are passing away. Yeah. You know? Yeah. You know. 'cause the fentanyl epidemic is, is real. Yes. Very. You feel me? And we've seen so many people like, like, like fall and not make it. That man made it three times, three times.


And the first time they called me and he was, you know what I'm saying? Somewhere with people that I would feel like, you know what I'm saying, wouldn't have the same care to do the things that need to be done, but he still made it. And I could be, you know what I'm saying? That, that, that, that I'm speaking more of the area than I am about the people. But after that, after they, they, they called me And I said, hell nah man, you lying. So I come, I said, bro, man, man, what's up bro? He like, man, nothing. I said, what you mean nothing something up? What's up? I said, man, I know you ain't, you know, I know you ain't gonna fuck around and off yourself. And he say, man, that, that shit didn't even happen.


It didn't, I didn't feel, I said it didn't happen. I didn't feel like, well I didn't know what fentanyl was. You feel what I'm saying? To be honest with you. Like, like, like he said, like it was a crazy pill. Like I didn't, I didn't, I don't, I wouldn't have asked for, Hey look, you got fentanyl, you feel what I'm saying? I just, what drug Was it? Was it Perk? It was Fentanyl. It was a perk. It was Perk Emini here. So once, once I, once I took it, I didn't believe it. You feel what I'm saying? So when it, when it happened, I felt like, I felt like now I'm obligated to tell my story so it can help somebody that's in, you know, that's fighting addiction. You know what Emini here, we just lost a Atlanta legend Recipe Before. You feel what I'm saying? Me? That's right. You know, and, and for me to be done, made it through.


I think that, you know, I, I should use these, this platform that I have, you know, that he shares With me. And then it, and then it was also after we lost our partner, our partner Peanut. The Dun Peanut. The Dun Peanut, The Dun like Emini here. He kind of, he he died the same way. Same way. You know what I'm saying? But for, it's a calling on this man life. So when you say why is he sharing it? I don't think he has a choice. No. I feel like he would kind of position to, to survive all the stuff that he survived and to have the effortless connection with community. You know what I'm saying? If you go anywhere in Atlanta, you gonna see Joe cousin. I don't give a damn where you go, where what part of the city you in, you gonna see somebody who related to Yo Joe and he done been to every high school in the city.


He know everybody. And you know, to have that community tie, but then have this testimony that you can share with these people and you know what I'm saying, to inspire and uplift. Like that's, that's special. You know what Emini here, Like do give you give Rich pastor energy. Rich Pastor. Yeah. Pastor Drew. See? You do. That's why the thank God record makes so much sense to me when I hear it. Yeah. I, I feel like, I feel like I have, you know, the ability to give a ministry not a minister, you know what Emini here, you know, like to, and then, you know, being growing up in the church and stuff like that, you know, I just came back to that, you know what Emini here, but you know, this right here was a blessing man.


And you know, tip called and was like, Hey, I think you should start the tip. 'cause I did a lot of interviews in the, in in the beginning and the, And I didn't want to say it, you know what Emini here, but I said it on this track And I thought that I should should say it to God first. You feel what I'm saying? And on that platform, that was The first time you really made the announcement. People knew that you was, you, you was clean, but they didn't know like what got You. They didn't know. Yeah. Like, just like the question you asked, what made you, And I used to always beat around it And I was like, well, I ain't ready to say it yet. You know what Emini here. But when, when he came along and said, I think you should start telling it, I was like, what, what better way, How did you feel? Go. How did you feel after you're in the studio and you finally say it, it's on, it's on the record. Like, did you feel weight lifted off of you or did you, were you anxious about how people would respond to knowing exactly what happened or?


I felt like a weight lifted off of me because of where, where we recorded at with, with Kurt, with Kurt Franklin. I overdosed in that studio. Wow. So I think that where God, where I brought myself at God built me right back up. Was That a remember a purposely done thing? Or do I just ended up back at that studio? God just put it, it just happened that way. You know what I'm saying? And I, And I was ashamed to go back to the studio and, And I was, And I, and, And I was, you know, I was talking to God, I was like, I don't want to go back in there. He was like, go back in there and watch what I do. You know what Emini here. So you knew you was gonna record this? I didn't all the record. But you didn't. Oh, you Didn't even know. I didn't know that. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Well, he was actually at the studio for something else. I think he was working on the PSC album. So he was in the studio for something else. And then I was just like, Hey Kurt, Kurt on the way.


He was like, what? Now I'm finna do mine. Now I'm finna go on. You know what I'm saying? So he went on and laid, laid his lady verse down right then that day. But it, it, it was definitely ordained. Like yeah, initially I was ashamed to go back to the studio because everybody was there. You feel what I'm saying? So, so when til so when we started working on the PSC album, I just was like, you know what I'm saying? But see That's something he never even told me. I didn't even know. I didn't, I I wasn't cool with coming back in there. You know what, I feel me after I've been laid all out on the floor. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? But once I, once I got the opportunity, I just swallowed that, took that walk of shame, went back in there and recorded not knowing that God was going rebuild me and give me a platform to actually share with people what happened to me right there.


And you know, get the glory out of it. You dig what I'm saying? Did you hear God in that moment? Did you like I heard him in that moment. Wow. Yeah. I was gonna ask, did you, did you deal with why you needed, or why you thought you needed those pills? Was it upset? Was it, I wanted to turn up was did you think you needed it to make a record? Did you deal with that part of it? Because that's the part that scares me where any artist, 'cause it's like you take it feeling like it's gonna take you to someplace else and it's like, well what made you feel like I had to take that pill To it? It, it started out with like, just having fun and you know, in the hood getting high. But then it made me feel like I needed it to make good music. You know what I'm saying? And, and actually it just stimulated And I used to just write crazy and then it, it got to the point where like it became an addiction.


So it, that went out the window. Music went out the window and then I was like, oh, I need it to, you know, do this and do that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Plus from trauma, you know what I'm saying? Things happened to me when I was younger. You know what, Emini here being shot and introduced to Demerol and addicted to that in the hospital and you know, from, from the, from the way I got whoopings as a child, that, that, that trauma, you know what I'm saying? Well, we don't talk about that enough. Yeah. Lord, That mercy, I i it's trauma. Yeah. I usually have to, that's discipline. That's not Extension, cord extension. Cause stuff I, with An extension cord, I ain't, I can't speak on that. I with, with stitch extens cords And I see what I'm saying, we was tied up and beat.


Like, but, but I like, but to be honest with you, my family, like we, we thought my mama had five boys. So it was hard to discipline five boys on her own. Where Are you? Youngest, oldest, middle. I'm right after the oldest. Okay. You know what, Emini here. So when she laid the belt down and it was necessary because right. Other boys, all of us are living today, none of us are really like that bad of people, but, and she did the best. But when you whipping like that, you have to be careful about how you do it. And now it's cool to whoop your child, you know, and discipline them. But if you gonna beat the shit outta 'em, then you might as well get ready for something in them that you don't know about. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, because now that I'm older, she's probably surprised that when she hears this Right.


You feel what I'm saying? How does that Affect you with your kids? How you discipline your kids? I see, I I I've recognized it and I'm not gonna do it to that degree. Right. I'm, I'm a straight mind, but I ain't gonna go that far. Yeah. 'cause I don't want the repercussion. I feel like, I feel like, I feel like as far as, as far as child discipline is concerned, they just need to know that they can get they ass whooped. You see what I'm saying? Don't always have to whoop they ass, but you got to do it. You gotta lay it down one time and they're like, Hey, you, you remember? Okay, now you see what I'm saying? So, but see y'all got boys. I got all girls. So it's different. I don't Oh no. Be mine at all man. You can't whoop your girl. That's what I'm saying. Y'all got, I know you got a strong black woman with you. That's right. Know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Hey man, I want to apologize to my friend.


I, I got beside myself. I I shouldn't have took feelings to that. It's all good. You know what I'm saying? I ain't, I ain't s right there man. You know what I'm saying? Ain't finna be slapping no goddamn damn body. Hey man, it's all good. That's my, that's my daughter. Hey man, listen, hey man, we all, we all here together. We came here together. We gonna leave here together. We gonna grow together. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So, you know, I just had to make that something. We gonna have good times, we gonna have bad times. Absolutely. You know, but one thing we ain't gonna have in no broke times, sir, you did say it was something your, your daughter was on drugs Too, you said? Yeah, my, my little girl ended up picking up drugs. So, but it happened just like how I did it when I was 17, 18, you feel me? And, and it just played back and it's the generation generational curse that like how my father was, my father picked it up at that age and he did it for 50 years.


You feel me? Then I picked it up and then I, I lived that way then my little girl And I, And I was thinking about it and all of this happened before I went to rehab to overdose this and all that. You feel what I'm saying? So when it, when she did it, I looked at God and it was just like he had just revealed himself like, Hey, I'm here now. It is time to start grabbing this by the reigns. You know what I'm saying? So when that happened, I was in rehab while she was out, we supposed to win together to get the help, you know what I'm saying? And she wasn't ready, but I had to go ahead of her to be an example, you know? And I, How's She doing now? I actually broke this curse in my family because that's what's up with brother. That's what's up. How, how is she doing Now?


She's good man. Amen. She working at the hospital. Amen. We talk all the time. She, she's doing great man. She's clean. Amen. You have the it Texas Village Foundation that you do where you're in the schools talking to the kids. When you're talking to the kids, like what are you dissecting from your story to, 'cause some of the kids I saw in these videos were really young. So what are the main issues you're seeing with the kids and, and how do you take your story and kind of mentor them up a bit? So what what what we do is it, it still takes a village. We are in the communities and, and in and in the schools and in the homes and we do like interventions. And I use what I've been through and, and then my, my manager to Dr. Sierra l she is like, she's been a LPC for 20 years and she's into mental and behavioral health.


You feel what I'm saying? So when we, when we come in and when we come into a situation, like I try to, I try to bring the street part into it. You feel what I'm saying? And let people know, you know what to do when you're like conflict resolution if you out in the street and you feeling like you don't wanna be no lame and, and this and that, but some, sometimes they diagnose these young kids with things that, that's not wrong with them. You feel me? Oh. They be like, oh, he bipolar or he, he, he mad at, you know. But only thing is he'd probably be mad at his dad because he wasn't at home or they don't have nothing, you know, nothing to eat or, you know what I'm saying? But we give them, we, we diagnose them with stuff like that.


But my, my partner, she, she covers that area And I can tell them about the street part. So we do mentoring and all and and stuff like that. You Know, Emini here, do they know when you come in, 'cause the kids are so young, like do they know young Joe, Joe, the artist or are they just like, happy that someone's in the school talking to them that they can relate to? Well, in Atlanta, nine times outta 10, I probably done been in that project before. Got you. You feel what I'm saying? I tell Man, man everywhere man. Man know everybody man. Yeah. He gonna look at and say, hey man, who your, who, who your mommy of who your daddy is? Yeah man, tell your dad I said what's like, he, he one of those kind of people. But we do want to go across like America for the most part. You feel me? So if you can't identify with who I am as a rapper, you'll identify with, you know, what I've been through and what I've been through is what a lot of, a lot of youth go through.


You know what, Emini here rather black, white, whatever. You feel what I'm saying? Like you've been through, if you done been through the trenches before, I have trenches stories And I have a, I have a outcome that, you know, I made it out. You know what I'm saying? Man. And you And Joe go Way back, right? Yeah, we done been through some shit man. I ain't when y'all first met middle school. Nah, nah, nah, I ain't know him In middle school. 17. 17. Yeah. We were probably right at dropout, right at the dropout age, you know what I'm saying? Drop out. I Crazy kicked out. I just didn't voluntarily drive. I got, Hey man, so I got me too though. I got kicked outta Riverdale Middle. So we, my mama moved me from the west side to like, to what, what, what was at that time the suburbs and king hate when I called it the suburbs, you know what I'm saying?


He hate that. That's what me and him fall out back. 'cause he really is south. That's his area where he grew up and live. And he like ain't no suburb man. Like well it was when I moved there, you know, you know y'all Had j got your voucher? Nah, we had been had about, We had J got Out. We had, yeah, we had moved from, we had moved, moved. Voucher Eight voucher. So, and these was some, like some real, real good apartments. Yeah. Carpet, ac. Yeah, everything man. It wasn't central, central ac, ac you know what Emini here. So when we moved out there, I was there, I had been there since eighth grade. I got y'all voucher earlier. Yeah. So I had a voucher before then. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.


And I'm section eight food stamp baby man. Yes, Yes indeed. I don't remember, I don't know nothing about the EBT. I remember snatching the food stamps at the book. The brown, the brown dollar, the brown one and the purple five and the green 10. We Had blues back then. Yeah. We were spending blue hoop back then. Yeah. But nah, so eighth grade I, I moved out there and, and then, you know, I was going back and forth when I got kicked outta Riverdale High School for inciting the race. Well actually I got kicked outta inciting a what? A race war. I got kicked outta all Clayton County schools. He said that like he race, Nah, I do this all the time. What? That's really what they called it. That's what they called it. But what happened was, me and my partner Boo was in school suspension and then, you know what I'm saying? It was, it was, it was a, a white black that called us a nigga and we got to getting on his ass.


And then, you know, his sister came around the corner and she, yeah, she called us some niggas too. Get out my brother nigga. And we, we got to kick her ass. And then everybody in everybody was getting outta school. Like, and it was just black people fighting white people. And I'm gonna tell y'all something, the white teachers jumped in. No. Yeah, man. The white teacher, you know how you supposed to be breaking up fight? They be like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. I remember that. And after the, the, the, the, the melee, you know, didn't nobody like, didn't nobody get kicked out but me and boo me. Wow. You know what I'm saying? So after that I went back to the west side for a minute, got in a whole lot of trouble. Caught caught, caught my fur, caught my fur case.


Well my first case as an adult. So I was dealing with that. So I had to move back with my mama. And around then that's when I was like 16, 17 years old. And that's when Dro had moved out there. And so then it was like we two west side guys just out here and, and we just clicked instantly. You was sweet out there man. Yeah, it was, our Knicks went for like 30. Yeah. Feel what I'm saying? Ain't lying. We used to literally go, we used to literally go to Joan Bur south, like thug hood. We used literally go to Joan Bur South and buy dime bags of weed that we, we drove back to our side of town and sold them for 30, $40. You know, it was really that sweet. But anyway, that's not, and I'm not, we are not let's you just telling life.


This is just a testimonial. This is our testimony. We lived through this and we earned the right to speak on it. Don't try it. You remember, y'all first meeting are not that big no more because it don't, so it ain't gonna work today. You remember the first Time y'all met each other? Like, I, well that'll be, that would've been on me. 'cause he was already there. So it was just this apartment that was just booming. I kept seeing all the car. You know, when you get there you be like, where's that? You know what I'm saying? When you move somewhere, you be like, where's that man? You feel me? And then I just kept seeing and then, you know, shout he serving out the wonder. You know what I'm saying? And you know, my partner knew him, who I, the other little partner I met named Ben, he knew him. You know what I'm saying? And we just all just, And I ended up going over there And I knew his, the way, his way he taught was like how we taught, how he moving.


It was like how we moved because we were from Bankhead, you feel me? It seemed like we was destined to meet because we was on one side of town. I was in Bankhead court, he was up the street in Center Hill. Then we moved to Riverdale then. You know what I'm saying? Not even knowing that this was gonna come together, you know what I'm saying? But it was all, it was all. And I also like, And I also like had like a little studio. So I, I used, I was selling dope, but I, I also had a little studio in my, in my room, right. So Andro could rap, you know what I'm saying? And so, you know, we'll, we'll be rapping and shit. And I had like a keyboard with some little speakers and shit. So I be doing my, doing my beat and cutting up my dope at the same time. And Joe's like, man, what you trying to do? I said, man, I'm gonna be a rapper. I'm cutting, I'm cutting my goddamn ounces up.


He like, I can't tell you won't be no damn rapper. You know what I'm saying? And that's kind of how we, you know, we bonded because he, he, he wasn't really selling dope. Like he, he was, he was, he was out there and in the mix, but he didn't for some reason have no interest. He really wanted to be a rapper. Like he was really, really, really serious about it. And he got a deal before I did. Yeah, I ain't know that. Yeah. Yeah. Joe had a deal. He had two, two deals. Who Came through first lying. Oh, you signed up. I'm about to say wrong. Raheem Dere. Rahe, Yep, yep, yep, Yep, yep. I was on the radio like one day he was, he was at the radio station And I called up there, but I was already on the radio. I think he were putting out Sirius or something like that. And I called in, he was like, yeah, this drug was like, DRO drove.


And I was like, nigga didn't DeJuan, he was like, Dewan. He was like, you drove. I was like, yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I was already on the radio by the end. Yeah. So when did you meet? So you met KP is the one who really got you KP right There. Kp Yeah, kp. He, he, I met KP through dj? No, Jason, Jason took me Jason, DJ Tu and my cousin Tut, God bless him, he, he, they took me at, at an intervention. 'cause when I told you, when I told you I caught, I caught that, that dope case. They put me on seven years of probation. I was 17 years old at the time. But me and, and two, two and Jay, all us had put our money together to work on like a demo.


You know what Emini here. And so they, they gave, but I had just found out that I was about to have my first child. So after that, in my mind I'm like, oh no, I can't live like this having no baby. I got to get it. I gotta get, I got to get it together. So I just kind like I, in my mind I was like, okay, so I'm gonna just sell a whole bunch of dope in a little bit of time and stack me up enough money and do what I need to do. And then, but in the process of doing that, I was like up all times a night riding a bicycle all up and down Bankhead, all kinds of, I talking about no matter what time you from, from five in the morning, 8:00 PM 12:00 PM all times a day. I'm just riding my bike up and down with a backpack. Like a little messenger. Like a messenger and just, just trapping and saving and trapping and saving.


And they had an intervention. 'cause they had found out I was trying not to let them know what I was doing, but I guess work got around, they found out and they sat me down like, Hey man, how is we going to be investing our money in you? If you continue to doing what you're doing? You get locked up. You already on probation, man, everything we working for is gonna be for nothing. I'm like, man, I got a baby on the way. I'll tell you what, you take me somewhere right now, man, where I can showcase my talent And I can actually, you, you know, somewhere that I can actually get a deal and do this professionally and then you can ask me to stop. I ain't, I ain't stopping just to be stopping. And then I think Tu and my cousin like, man, that's, that's not even reasonable. How can you say something? And then Jason say, I know a place.


I say, see I like him. And so he, at the time, kps a part of a group called pa, parental Advisories extension, organized nor, and they had their own deal with Dreamworks and they was doing an album. And as, as it was described to me, the album was supposed to be like, like, like the chronic, how the chronic had a bunch of unknown guys and Dre was doing the beats. So, so they was looking for talent. They were looking for, you know, unknown talent. And so Ja, Jason called him and said, man, I got somebody, man, it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be harder than anything you listening to. And so it said, bring them. So we went that same night. We went and KP wasn't there, but the other, the other two members, Melo and Reese, they were there.


And I think Reese probably, I think Melo played a beat. And Reese was like, you could rap on that. I said, can I rap man? What a booth. So I go straight in the booth, one, take it. They were like, where you been? I'm like, shit, ride my bike up and down my bike. And, and then they told KP about me and they told me about KP and they gave, I gave my beeper number. Yeah. That's how long ago The World my be number, be my number, you know what beep right Lauren, stop playing Good. Make it. So, so it was about two weeks And I was like, yeah, exactly. Just like I thought nothing happened. I'm back on my bike And I got a, I got a page, you know, with, I got a page with no code.


And that was strange, you know what I'm saying? Because all my pages came with code so I know where to go and what to bring with me. And so I just, I rolled down to the payphone again. Show you how long ago this was. So I rolled down to the payphone and called and said LaFace Records thing. I said, who the fuck want some dope LaFace records? Somebody at Page Tip. And, and then it was like, oh, it must've been kp. And then I was like, kp. And then he was like, yo, you was in the studio with, with with Reese and Meow Man. And I'm kp that's my group. And you know, I got a, I got a record label, the Ghetto Vision and we going out to the, we going out to the Source awards in la.


We wanted to know if you wanted to come. I'm like, who going? He was like, ah, just, you know me. And you know, kp he has this way of just, that's like throwing away some very, very monumental moments. Like, oh man, just me, Outkast, goodie ma, cool breeze, Youngbloods, you know, we you gonna go hang. I say, alright, let me let, let me check my schedule, let me see what I got to do. Okay, yeah. I'm free man. I think I can make it. And so at that point I'm like, okay, well I gotta get up enough money to get out here so I, you know, so I could take care of myself and handle myself like a player. So I went and got, I went and got, I was getting two in a baby at the time.


So I, I paid for my re-up, but then I told him to front me another, another one on top of that, you know, so I had me a little four way and so I sold half of it, had the money, put the rest of it back. So I said, when I come back this I'm, I'm gonna trap this and then that'll be my re-up, you know what I'm saying? For, for, for my net load. So I went out there And I ended up free styling on the tour bus with Goodie Mob and out Kat, I ended up doing the camera blocking. Kari were driving from Atlanta to la The tour bus? No, no. He driving his car. His, he didn't fly a van. He didn't fly. So he drove from Atlanta to LA and made it Mm.


But missed the camera blocking. So they say, man, we need somebody to do the camera blocker for Bury part on Watch for the Hook. I like, I know, I I know I know the song. Wow man. So I ended up on the stage with out c goodie ma Wish Doctor and you know, backbone, the whole organized noise. Rico, Wade Emini here. Everybody and everybody like embraced me and said like, where you from bro? I'm like, man, I'm from Atlanta. No where you from bro? I'm like, man, I'm from the west side. Well Bankhead, well nigga Center Hill Baker Road, what's up bro? They was like, oh, shout it from the town for real. And I remember the one then when I really felt like I had made it right. So we came back, I think maybe from camera blocking or maybe from some, some official thing where everybody went to, we came back, we was in the, all in the library of the hotel.


And I'm looking this way, it c Low Cujo and looking this way at Big Boy and Dre, of course Dre went straight to hi room, you know what I'm saying? But everybody just hanging out, right? And then, you know, I was always kinda like, I just had a way with attracting ladies and stuff and you know, of course a group of nigga, everybody like man, ladies and stuff. What a girl with a girl. So I was like, man, you know, I go to, and we was right across the street from the Beverly Center at the sofa tail right across the street from the Beverly Center la I was like, man, I go to the, I can go to the mall, get some girls. Ain't, you know, ain't nothing. So me and KP went to the mall, but then where we were finna go, I remember Big Boy said, Hey man, yeah, when you get back, man, come on up to the room, man.


Blow one man. I say, huh, big boy from Out catches and just told me to come smoke one with him and man, hell yeah. So we go, come back, I go knock on Big Boy Room smoking and, and, and we chilling and talking and I'm like, man, nigga, I have made it. I'm in here smoking with Big Boy from Outkast And I just freestyled with, with C Low. And, and man, I, I went back home. I gave that dope away. I didn't never, I didn't wanna sell no more dope no more. I told my, I told my plug, I said, Hey bro, I finna do the rap shit. So I ain't got your money right now. I haven't spent all the money that I had. I, I I, I ain't, I ain't got your money right now. I don't even wanna risk it.


He say, you know what bro? You don't owe me nothing long as you doing that, but you get back in the game, I want my money. Did you ever go back and get money or now you Just I didn't, nah, nah, nah. He had caught a case man. He had caught a case and he, he, he, he would, he was gone before I could goddamn get to him. You know, this Week was 23 years, if I'm serious. I'm serious. Came out October 9th, 2001. God damn. Okay. And it was two years before that. So there was 25 years ago. Damn. Yeah. So won't he do it? Thank God. I was just thinking like, what's your conversations with God? Y'all, y'all stories Are man God, my partner Busy. Amazing Tip, tip the blessing. Tip cover. Yes. Like, Wow. Drill Cover too, but tip cover.


Yeah. Emini here. I think I'm Super covered. Yeah, I think we both are. This kinda why I think we, we kind of, we we we understand the, the position that the other, I understand his position. He understand my position. I understand. Like I know that God got his hand on him 'cause I can see it. And Man I'm on bar time, you feel me? I don't supposed to be sitting right here doing this interview. Cant. I saw ain't no amount of money that could. I saw him lifeless. I saw him, I saw it with my own Eye. There's no amount of money you can Pick. Not in person, but, but my son, like the money was actually the one that walked in and, and, and saw it. He FaceTime me, he say, Hey, what's up with Joe, Dr. I'm, I'm trying to wake him up. He won't wake up. Wow.


And I'm like, Joe, Joe, hey man. That's what woke me up. I was like, this nigga's so annoying. He was annoying. FaceTime. What? Talking about up. Get Your ass up, man. He said, then he, I heard something. He said, what's wrong? I was like, I don't know. What do you mean? He was doing what? It was like he was trying to talk back, but he couldn't talk back, couldn't talk, you know what I'm saying? So I was like, man, go and call the ambulance man. And you know what I'm saying? They said if he hadn't, if the money hadn't. Yeah, Damani was actually my nephew actually. Wow. He did the f God think Talking about the family of affair. What I'm saying, How old Was he? Damani was doing CPO, right?


Yeah. How Old was he performing? CP Yeah. He almost broke my chest cap. Did he know he knew how to do CPO When when I got, when I was up And I was came to, I was like, my chest is killing me. He was like, man, that's all I got. You gonna be dead. I aint How, how Old was Damani at that age? He might have been 19. Wow. Okay. 19. And you taught Damani CPR r that we all did. So back, you know, back 'cause 'cause my sister Precious, she used, I used to have man, she used to, she used to have asthma attacks all the time. And so because she had amateur all the time, we, and we, she was living


The Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. Classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte to make A latte Brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music. Make hands free calls with open your audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Than have with us. We never didn't want, you know, one of the kids actually somebody did, did walk in while she was having an asthma attack and didn't know what to do. And that's what prompted us to get everybody some CPR training. Wow. I don't know if everybody remember it, you know what I'm saying? But obviously he did. Yeah, Just say I'm covered is an understatement. I have something to do. Yeah. It's a purpose I don have. It's something I have to how I feel too, bro. I feel like, you know what I'm saying? It's a perfect God got me here. 'cause I could have, man, you remember that shootout we was seeing? We was, Hey bro, listen To me. How do y'all remember shootouts? You been, I was actually healing up from a gunshot wound. You what I'm saying? So I wasn't, I had still had staples in my stomach, you know, that was healing up.


And, and we know these cats. It Was so funny, bro. Look man, shout there. We, we were really going to fight these dude. Right? Because you know, I was selling what TI was, this was this before sign. This was the sign. Yeah, it was before this platinum ti No, We Ain't Touch, we wasn't no rappers. Okay. I ain't touched no dope. I ain't touched no dope since that day. I ain't touched no dope, you know what I'm saying? I might have, I might've seen a little bit, but I ain't touched it. Okay. You know what I'm saying? But anyway, so they was telling on me because I guess they had just moved out there And I guess they wanted to get in and have they little motion And I already had all the motion in the apartments. And so they, they was telling, they were telling the police and it was a, a particular police officer that were cool used to, you know, I ain't gonna say no name, but you used to buy weed from us and you know what I'm saying?


We was buying these little weed and stuff. He was like, man, you know the folk up there, man, you know the folk telling people down there about you, you know? I'm like, I know you lying. And so I walk up, you know, seen him probably the next day and tap on the wheel And I say, Hey bro, you know what happened when, you know what I'm saying? Folks saying my name, I'm saying my name in police station, you know what happened where I'm from. Right, right. He just rolled and went up and pulled off and so, you know what I'm saying? So I was like, all right, I know what to do about that. So me And I went, got all my partner from the west side, man, we Had dog chain, we came back, we were on to fight and We were, we, we came to fight. We, we had fight, we had pistols, but we, you know what I'm saying? But it's just a little loud whipping, just teaching her a little spanking. And so, you know, I went to Joe House and we walking down, walking down the hill, smoking. And we said, we said, daddy go right there.


But these niggas, we walking up there, we walking up. So we walking up there, the nigga walking out, the shadows big, They had on Gold Gym, they look like Gold Gym, like pro nigga look like ha tight, Wait a motherfucking Manny man, Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Hey man, let's switch to the another plan. Let's switch to another Plan. No, he was like, what? Hell no. So we was like, Gold's Gym logos, We up the five, we up the five star start blabbing, man. Then nigga drove the shootouts going this way, right? Do you know this nigga drove, ran straight through here, just like that turn, Look at me was shooting. I said, what the fuck Did you do No shirt on? I was like, this chain ain't gonna help.


This like, dude, them big motherfucker man. I'm like, Why is you running this way bro? Hey man, that shit was fan in here then get what? We all went back. So after the shoot out, everybody bus break out, go their own way. We all make our way back to Joe's house because that's, we left from, we made it back to drove apartment. And, and any apartments, it is like a, it's a building. You walk in the building, there's two puts downstairs, a stairway upstairs and two puts upstairs. So we go in the building, we knock on the door and we could hear the police. So we laying down, we knocking on the door. Your mama say, hell no. Don't bring that shit in here. Y'all ain't coming in here. You stay ass out there. So we stand, everybody lined up on the step. We trying to remember, you got to let us in. Y'all ain't coming in here, Lord have mercy, let us in.


So now when she let us in, all us laying on the floor while the apartments is being flooded with police, and mind you, every time me and him get together, they end up kicking in the door or the police come and they try to take us away. You know what, what I'm saying? Lemme Ask y'all a question when y'all get together like this, right. When y'all tried to separate it, always tried To, but when y'all get together like this in these, these moments, right. And I I'm one moment that's coming to mind is that the MTV awards, when y'all, y'all came out and performed shoulder lean, but then you did what you know about that by yourself being that y'all done been through all of those life or death situations and all of that type of shit. And then what is y'all mindset when y'all, in those moments, y'all just look at each other and laugh like, God, We don't really think about it until we don't talk about it until like now we just, you know.


Yeah. If we weren't here, we probably, we we creating new moments. Right. Right, right, right. You know what I'm saying? Right. The next moment is probably what we thinking, man. Yeah. Rebuilding, creating new moments is the thing. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, till we watch black people get their IP stolen all the time, likeness gets stolen all the time and it's usually big fish eats little fish with these corporations. What made you wanna go to war with, with, with that, that corporation Numerous times too. Yeah. Yeah. I I I'm gonna be very, very clear, concise with my messaging. I'm gonna be honest and direct. I did not want to, it was my wife. My wife, yeah. She was the one who, who oppressing the hell out the issue I'm talking about. She kept pressing the hell out the issue and, and I'm glad she did.


You know what I'm saying? I'm glad she did. God bless. You know, that's, that, that's what marriage is for. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I think, you know, it was her tenacity And I was, I I I saw it, but I just didn't see how, you know, we could just keep pushing and pushing and pushing it like that. And it, that shit was costly, you know what I'm saying? We were probably like three and a half million in, and, and every time we go back to court, it's another seven figure bill. And then the last time we had, we had lost the case, you know, for whatever reason. And then them other, then he had the nerve to send me his bill.


I said, I know you fucking lying. And then the law changed. A law changed that said that the first Amendment could no longer protect, you know, when it comes to, to, to like, to likeness. And so I think it was some kind of Jack Daniels case where it was a little puppy, a little, a little like a little dog that, a little Jack Russell dog that I think it had something similar to Jack Daniels on it. And they thought that they could do that. And Jack Daniels, the, the whiskey was like, nah, y'all can't do that. And was like, nah, it's a parody and we protected under the First amendment and the Supreme Court ruled, no, you are not.


And that's what got us back in court. Wow. The judge said, okay, well this law changed, so we have to go and we have to revisit this all over again. And thank, and thank God, you know, we did. And judge was extremely, he was extremely fair, you know, and, And I think that the, the jury that we had could see through a lot of the shenanigans and nonsense that the other side were trying to pull. Although I understand the other side's position, you know, this guy, he's, you know, he's a billionaire, right? Yeah. And, and, and I'm sure he not in that motherfucker looking every day at who does and trying to say what, so I'm sure there's some people who he had put in position who probably didn't want do some work, right.


And Just say, you know what, I could just take this and do this and then that, that he won't know. You know? And he probably didn't that your ass Mr. S Right. And then, but now, hey, The craziest thing is if they probably would've offered you guys a deal, you guys probably would've did a deal with them back in the Beginning. Yeah, absolutely. Man, Emini here, like at the, at, at, at the beginning we've had several mediation and he just never wanted to, he never wanted to come to the table to mediate. You know what I'm saying? He never even thought that he even had to consider, you know, like, like resolving this. Wow. Yeah. Emini here I get because like, like you say, corporations do it all the time. I get, people are so used to it, it's become the norm. He didn't think that it, it deserved any consideration.


Luckily the judge and the jury thought different. Congratulations. It was your first thought when y'all, when the ruling came down for the window, like what was your first thought? Thank god, man, I ain't, yeah, that's it. That's I, man, I, I was with KP actually, and we were actually, And I, And I was filming, like, I didn't make it to the, to the day for the, the court, the, when the, when the deliberation was handed down. So you must have thought you were gonna Lose then anyway. You Wasn't there. I wasn't, I had to shoot a movie. IIIJ we just got through shooting apartments part too. And as a director, you know, I got to be there. I can't. And I, I took one week off and they said it was gonna be done that week and then the next week, like it was supposed to be done by Friday, they started, they went into deliberation on Friday and were told to come back Friday with diverted, but they didn't.


So they said, it's gonna be Monday. I said, man, I can't come back Monday, I got to go back to work. So I did. And I'm on the phone and I'm listening. I'm like, and, and we, we still shooting too. We still supposed to be filming. It was a shot. I said, man, y'all handle it, y'all handle It. No, no he didn't. You handle it. I'm like, cut. Hey man. Yeah. 'cause I, I, I walked Off in the middle of a scene and, and so they still going. They like, Hey deal. I was like, man, And, and then k, KK KP said I Cut, I cut. I could tell you how I felt. I was like, you remember what we had talked about? Make sure you gimme my little p That's All I need. But I Didn't know no number.


I was, I was listening And I heard them say, you know that, you know that like the first infringement or so on and so forth. And they were taught it went down a list of dolls. Which one did, which one didn't. But then I heard a number, I heard 17 point some million. I say 17 million out loud. Yeah, I did, I say 17 million. And everybody look at me and say, Huh. And so I hung up the phone and then we had to go fly to Vegas to do a show. Oh, Arizona, we had to fly to Arizona to do a show. And while we on the plane, they, they, they went back into the liberation for punitive damages.


And then it came back with the punitive. It said 53 million, 53 million Say, plus the 17. I said, Got that, turn the plane around, look at God, turn the plane around. I said, And I text again. I was like, don't forget that PI said, Man, you better stop showing up like this. God, you better stop showing up Like this now. And them lawsuits are tax free, so there's no tax taking Away. No, that's not true. Oh damn. Don't put that out there like that. Now the, the actual damages for the actual damages, there are no taxes because the taxes, so actual damages are, you know what, whatever dolls that they say look the most, like the girls, what those dolls made.


So those are actual damages. And, and, and the, the taxes were already put into the, they were taken from the gross before this. So the taxes were paid on this money. So this, on this, no, but on the punitive, you do have to, you do have to pay taxes. Shit, it's still a come up, still A link. Emini here, man. No, it's a blessing. Blessing. You right, you a blessing you right. Yeah, But I, but even more so, I love to see like my daughters, my daughter and my nieces, like, they also like, they, they straight, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. I Saw people saying that on social media. They was like, I hope they get a girl something. Like, what the hell? What kind stupid ass statement Is Nah man. Nah, it is, they fight. You feel what I'm saying? And, And I feel like for them to be vindicated and you know, the, the, the, to come out victorious and to see that if you stand up for something, you know what I'm saying? And, and you, and you know that, you know in your heart truly that you, that you fighting for, for what's, what's, what's yours. You know, the outcome is going to be victorious as long as you claim it, believe it. And, and let God lead the way. I, I, I'm happy to be a part of the process of of, of allowing them to see that.


Wow. Now, now, now sometimes these and There's some more paper in there. Now I'm just tell you there's some more, some more because there's some more do that came up that look like other celebrities. I'm just telling you there's some more money out there, some money out there. Lemme Look on the site, see if they anything look like, I'm telling you now, these corporations do get to retaliating sometime. Nah, Emini here, you know, Emini here, Emini here. They have the right to appeal and hey man, they can ex exercise their right. Then that'll open the door for trademark. So trademark means, now we looking at all the do. So if you wanna open up the door for trademark, you going open up the door for trademark, go on and appeal. Now that 73 could turn to two three Bs. So go ahead, open it up, do your thing. They got it, got, you know, but, or you could just come home with that 70 right now. That's right.


Now Joe, I saw Dall post you man, he, you, you was at a show the other day. I forgot where y'all performing at? Community Service. Community service. And he said he, he said that you just one of the best performers, one of the best lyricists out there, which people feel. How, how did that make you feel? Oh, it ma it made me feel good, man. It was long overdue. I've always thought, I've always thought that the talent and the craft, I've always had respect for it and, you know, to, to get my flowers for it, man. It's, it is long overdue. You know what Emini here I have, I feel like that if you, if you love the craft and respect it like the way I do, because you know people, you know, people can get your music, you know, to get your album or whatever.


And, and that's one thing for somebody to have your album. But I think that once the album die down and then you know, it, it, it just only depends on your talent and what you have to offer in a live show. You feel what I'm saying? Like, oh, well, you know, I wanna see Joe perform live. You know what Emini here because shout a live show. Crazy. I had the see Dbo once I met him in person And I seen it live. It carries, you know what Emini here. So I I appreciate him man. What, What, what would Joe's New Music sound like? You know what Emini here because you know, you see Kendrick put out the party, the party was it the party must die record. And we hear what Lara been saying and D one, how they want more positive messages in the music. Is it gonna be that? Are you gonna really give the ministry?


Most Definitely. I'm going to make sure that I set aside time and use my vocals to put back into what happened to me, you know, what Emini here and for, and use it for like a positive outlook on things. But I will not stop telling my truth and what, what's happening to us as, as a community and what society is, you know, has to offer us. You know what Emini here, like I won't, I won't shy away from telling you how I took a a, a pill that killed me. I won't shy away from telling you that they serving them. You feel me? I won't shy away from telling you that Most of, most of the things that we do in the hood comes from like drug use.


Like a lot of things that, that go on in the hood, man. People be using drugs and with the mental state that we have, man, we, we out here doing the wrong stuff, you know what I'm saying? So I won't shy away from that. And I also use my, my platform to do songs with people like Dietrich Hadden. Like run outta time. You know what Emini here and one k few, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Now Tia, I gotta ask now, you recently said what's up? I will raise this child to torture you the way you tortured me. Talk about King about to have his his first child. Is that, is that true? Emini here. Emini here. Listen, Emini here, he, because He seems like the child. I gave you the most problems, Man. Emini here, to be honest with you, I'm gonna just be, I'm, I'm gonna keep it, I'm gonna keep it a above king is, you know, he's a a he's always been a rambunctious, outgoing, energetic child, you know what I'm saying?


But j and j just to be honest, he as far compared to me and the shit that I did and how he ain't really gave them kinds of problems, you know what I'm saying? He gave something that might resembled like it could, you know, become that. But he never, he ain't never, you know, did the kinda shit that I was doing that I know about. So I don't, I can't say that, you know, he just gave me a whole lot of problems. But the problem that he did get, he, he did give, he gonna get 'em back because he gonna have a son and his son. I'm just telling you, I'm just telling you. And he gonna understand. He gonna understand what it mean.


He King used to do shit. Like, lemme tell you something. So I put, you know, major And I wanted to put Major and, and, and King in like one of the best schools in Atlanta, Woodward. And we went and Dasia had already went to Woodward and so now, you know, it was time for Major to find him a new school. And I'm like, well we put major there man, we'll put King there with him. So it take major and King and we do the test. You know, you gotta have that the, you know, the consultation and they had had the kid take a test and what have you. Yep. Major pass flying colors. And they was like, major, sure, I'm sure we find a spot for him.


He's definitely with with material. He say, but your other son, is He okay? Is he Okay? I said, what you mean is he okay? I said, these are the lowest test scores we've ever seen with that man done went in here and intentionally failed, failed On purpose. That's right. And he wouldn't have to go to private school, man. He wanted to stay in public school out there with his friend. And so he like, that's the kinda shit he did, you know what I'm saying? Like it ain't bad, but it like, it actually shows His genius. It does in, in a Crazy way that shows I know how to stick around. I don know how to, I know how to be what I wanna be. He Still didn't get to be where he wanted to be. I sent him way on the other side of town to another school that he couldn't stand, you know, but he made through, he stuck through it and you know what I'm saying?


And then Covid happened, so that kinda shined on him. Now there was another video of you and Booie talking to your sons about the video with the, with the, the firearms in it. So how was that conversation? Because I know he was just like, dad, come on dad. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, he don't never, like, he, he always look at me like, bro coming from you, do you Know your life Emini here? Like, I'm like, nah, nah, nah, you, you didn't even know me back then, You feel me? And but he done heard a lot of stories like, you know, just like me and Dr sit around talk about it and then you hear my other uncles and aunties and my mama talk about how they had to deal with me, you know what I'm saying?


So he like, how you gonna come tell me anything? I'm like, nigga like this. You know what I'm saying? But that, that's actually a part of a show that we remember me Booie his son. Yeah. And Tudy. So that was, that was a part of a show, but it was a real video and it wa we did actually like, I think, I think the camera people knew what was going on, but they didn't necessarily tell us. So when we walked up we was kind of really, really kinda in shock a little bit. For real. We knew we were coming to film, but we didn't know that this was gonna be it, you know? I thought it was gonna be more so just like them using our cars and you know, trying to imitate a life today.


But I ain't a nigga, I ain't know y'all finna do all this, you know? So that was a real moment. But you looked Like he was running off. He was like, I can't be nowhere around this. I outta Here. Yeah. I had to. Yeah. And man was one of the funny part, I don't know if this is on the clip, that that was shown one of the funny part, Bootsy looked that wouldn't say, Hey, you. Yeah, see you been hanging around a lot. Oh yeah. That's the only, Yeah, you, you, you gonna have to pay, you gonna have to pay, pay your dues. Like, you know what I'm saying? But all these things, I feel like it's important And I feel like I, I'm agon put, I'm agon put the, because we did like a pilot episode. I'm gonna go and put it at because I think it's important as I watch it again, we sitting down and we, we are as two black men, we, we are fellowshiping and collectively as well as individually dealing with our, raising our sons into to be strong black men.


And it's one part man. Well, me and Bootsie talking and he just, bro, he just said straight up, man, look man, I don't wanna see my son in prison. I don't wanna go visit my son in no damn jail. Not really. I don't wanna do that. And I'm like, man, I get it, I get it. And he like, man I, you know, I wanna take it there with him. I said, no, we can't take it there with him. Ain't can't be Taking with him. I, I, I don't know, but Booy said it so it shit could mean anything. Yeah. I Like, nah, that ain't going do it. And so just, just us feeding off of one another's wisdom and experience and using it to benefit how we deal with our, our sons.


That's something that the rest of The World needs to see. Absolutely. How do y'all deal with the, like, the significant others of, 'cause like I know Damani has a baby now, king, the, the baby shower went viral. Like what is like the parental check in the household with what that means? Like that when they bring like their girlfriends home, are you like, tough one person I stay, nah, I stay out their business. I don't, I don't do that. I don't get into that. Like who they dating and what, that ain't my business. You know what I'm saying? I, I, that's one less thing for me to have to worry about. Right. I don't, I don't really deal with that. I just make sure that they, they they being respectful and that they being respected, you know what I'm saying? Like that really. And that's Emini here, that's really all that matter to me.


You know what I'm saying? That it's that it that the respect level is there. Everybody being treated fairly, you know, and, and after that, you know whether the love last forever or whether it is only here for a period of time. As long, as long as the respect has been there. That's all that's important to me. Let's get into the single right now. Let's go. Thank God. Let's, thank God and we appreciate you brothers for joining us. I got a Radio show. Y'all ain't play no damn music. Where did you go? Ever play some music? Well, we appreciate you brothers for joining us. Right On man. We appreciate y'all man. And one more thing man. 'cause you know, I just wanna say, could y'all please stop telling everybody you know how exactly how much money I had. Y'all gonna get me robbed.


I'm saying Coach put it out there. That's everybody Live after the She did. She was locked The coach. Put that out there too. Hey, put the bills out there. Put the out there too. Put the bills out there. You send me A financial breakdown. I got you. You you For real? I got you. Send me a breakdown. Okay, say this when we get more music. Dro what's Next? PSCD tips. Yeah, we got some. I I'm, I'm gonna snag a couple of records that Drew and Tip got together and that joint project gonna be there. The PSC got a project coming out with DJ drama, you feel me? Still in the streets. And Drew Zaytoven got a project coming out called 10 Piece Hot Man, make sure you bring your blue cheese. You Know, So all that, all of that's on the way Word.


Well it's ti is Young Drew, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you did wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta, How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta Call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


How Crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas, let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli max crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we say voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.