
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake that ass up in The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and we got a special guest in the building, The legendary Jasmine guy. Welcome back. Good Morning. Good morning. How you feeling? I feel great. I love doing your show the last time and I got a lot of positive feedback. People Love you. Yeah. Come on. It was a different kind of interview though than they're used to. My daddy was like, you were a little too comfortable. You act like they were at your house. You know That was at Champagne, right? Yes. That cpa, champagne, whatever that was.


I didn't even like it And I was drinking it, but my father said that you would put more in when I was looking at Kadeem Uhuh. No, that's not True. That's what he said. I don't think so. He said whenever you looked at Kadeem, he poured more in there. So I'm, I I'm thinking I'm just drinking one glass. I probably had four glasses That cold. I auntie, whatever that was, but I drank it anyway at seven o'clock in the morning. How embarrassing as that. No, it got you. It got you to talking And the dean was just sitting back there just laughing, You know? No, it was good because you ask questions that people don't usually ask.


You know, we get the same questions over and over, especially about a different world. Yeah. And I just like that it went into other areas Absolutely. Of my life and my career and his too. Because anybody can look at any interviews we've done and get those answers. It is the same answer. You know what, Emini here. That's right. So can we talk about something else? Yeah, that's right. So you tired of it? We bring it to another element that hasn't been explored with us. Yeah. And you've done so much more since, since then, right? Absolutely. Like right now, you you one of your first Emmy this year. Yeah, that's right. Congratulations. How does that feel?


She Went for the Chronicles of Jessica. Woo. That's right. Yes. Yeah. That was a trip. So I was going to Mexico to hang out with my girlfriends And I land And I get all these texts from people saying, congratulation on your Emmy nomination. And I really thought people were messing with me. Wow. I didn't even call him back. I said whatever. I wasn't even, yeah. And then when I realized I really had been nominated, I thought it was for the show, Harlem. Oh, okay. Okay. Chronicles of Jessica. Woo. I had done two, it was before Covid. Oh.


It was a long time ago. And I only worked on it for a day. It was a very interesting project to me because the production company was a couple, a small black production company. The superhero in the, in the piece had autism, but her powers that whatever, put her on the spectrum made her a superhero. Their daughter had a, an autistic child. Anyway, so I said, well, I'll do it because I know after this they're gonna need distribution. And who knew? Wow. That's what, you know what I'm saying?


Wow. Yeah. Right. The my love for them and what I know about, you know, pitching ideas. You're gonna need a name. Okay. I know. I've heard it all. And I said, well, I'll be your name. This is gonna be good. And it was a short series, like a web episode series. The other Oscar nomination I got was also from an independent black company. And it was my nephew Emmett. And I played Emmett Till's aunt on the night that he was taking from their home. And I was like, oh shit, I do not wanna go to Mississippi Emini here. I'm telling you, we stayed right down the street from where he got abducted man.


And Mississippi still got that same energy. Thank you. Yeah. Nothing to change. I was gonna say I felt ghost. Yeah. You know, And I did it. And they got nominated for an Oscar And I, when the director called me, he was a, a graduate student from NYU Film School. His mentors was Spike Lee and Casey Lemons. Right. Beautiful brother and the, and the crew and everybody. I had a great artistic experience, but when he told me we, you know, we got nominated for an Oscar, Oscar, I thought he was messing with me. That says a lot though, like about how, you know, I guess black actors and actresses are conditioned in Hollywood that when they get told that they're even nominated, they don't believe it.


It's a joke. Well, were you ignored long enough, you got the message right. Yeah. I got the message. If you not nominating a different world. Debbie Allen. Susan fails our wardrobe department. Any other actor on that show? I stopped focusing on y'all giving me my props. I know who gives me my props. And I told the actors, I said, we just gotta be good. You know, forget all these accolades or whatever. They obviously do. You know how many times they said to me, even on, I think I did Dennis Miller. Remember Dennis Miller had a, a talk show.


He started with, so how does it feel being between number one and three? And I was stunned because I had just sat down, you know, you come out all cute and whatever. Right. And I was like, he said that wasn't a good lead in question. I said, no, it wasn't. He was talking about Cosby and Cheers. Everybody said we were number two because we came between them. Okay. And that was the first question. That, the message, that was the message that we got as actors, as you know, performers. And we never got our props for not, not just the acting, but it was Debbie Allen and Susan fails me. Three black women in charge of that show.


You know what Emini here, we could have been on the cover of Essence. And I just knew who really saw us and who really understood us. Why Didn't the network fight for that? This Is the same white motherfucker said, Go ahead. It's okay. You ain't drinking no cold duck today. I don blame, blame. Can't blame me on the cold duck. You came to the right shows. See what you want. I do. You can't say that Word. I So You can go back here. Same white motherfuckers. Okay, go ahead. I just wanna make sure you didn't forget Your spot. It's the same world. Just look. Okay. So Cari Warner, our pro, our producers also produced a show with Whoopi Goldberg called Baghdad Cafe Grace Under Fire.


And the Roseanne Show. And The Cosby Show. Right. So we're one of five. They never asked us to do anything. Mm. They asked Roseanne Barr to sing the national anthem in which she grabbed her crotch 'cause she can't sing. Mm. But we got five singers on our show. That's Crazy. Yeah. You coulda had don me Cree, you know, never when we got offered things that would've, I don't know. I just got things, we got things on our own And I never felt a part of that network. Then when I saw what happened with friends, I was like, yo, that would've helped us.


It would've helped us with work after the show. It would've given us some, some props, you know, that we could have used for future projects. I pitched a lot. I had my own production company after different World. All of my projects were rejected, but then I started to see them. That was weird. Oh, wow. Oh, so they were stealing your ideas? Which ones With Yeah, like I had a TV idea about a young woman that inherited a sweat shop in the garment district from her gay friend that died of aids. And, but she still saw him as a ghost.


I had even talked to RuPaul about being my ghost. You know, they was just, everything was a reason not to do it. But then I would see a white girl do it. Mm. Then I had this idea about, what was the name of that spy show? It was a French movie, independent movie and Oh, Lafe Nikita. Oh yeah. Okay. So I thought this would be fierce with Robin gis. So I wrote up a, a treatment for a pilot version of it. No, Robin Givens, but a white American girl doing it. Mm. So I was like, well, I know my ideas are valid, but I just started divorcing myself like a bad relationship.


Stop asking for what you know, you not gonna get. Mm. I didn't have a parking space like Don Johnson after Miami Vice. You know, he was The star of the number two show on, on the network. One of the biggest shows on television. Ep You was a producer on it too, right? No. Okay. Okay. Oh, I thought you were producer on it. No, but even, even still, you a star of that show. Can't have a parking spot. I had a parking spot, but he had a production deals. When I'm saying after he did Miami Vice, he had a production deal. You know? And I don't know, I just thought that we were, we were ready and well equipped to, to move on into other areas.


I definitely wanted to be a producer because I had met so many people on a different world And I wanted to bring this writer with this director, you know? And the ideas that I had were not being done. The Dorothy Dandridge story, I pitched that for years. Wow. I had to educate first. Who's Dorothy Don Dratch. I told them it wasn't condescending And I didn't wanna say the black Marilyn Monroe. 'cause that's all they understand is a black version of what we already know. That's right. So I don't use that term when I'm pitching and, and, and the movie got done, it just got done without me.


Mm. And after a while I said, okay, I understand. You know what Emini here, it's like a bad relationship after a while, you gotta understand, okay, I ain't what you want. So do you. This is, And this is, and and so is all of this And other things I'm sure is what leads up to uncensored Jasmine guy. Like, You know, right now. That's how you started. Yeah. You what? I feel like I did uncensored because I did intimate portrait on lifetime. I did unsung, but they were in different decades of my life. Emini here, intimate portrait must have been in my forties and then fifties.


And now I'm in my sixties. And I said, I may have a different perspective on my truth. Same things happen, but I feel differently about them. I have a different perspective. And I'm not, I'm trying not to be so precious about my private life. Yeah. Because I really do this when people get like, you know, that's, that's mine. Right. I feel like I do enough with my work for, for the public. That is my gift to the audience. That's my way of communicating. You don't need to know who I'm sleeping with. You. They, their business don't need to be in the street.


You, from that era though, like that era was, you didn't really see your favorite celebrity, favorite actress, favorite actor. And when you did, everybody went batshit crazy. 'cause you never did like our favorite celebrities growing up as a kid, we didn't know who they dated. Right. We didn't know where they went to eat. Right. We didn't know where they lived. We didn't know any of that. And that was part of the mystique of them being a superstar real Celebrity. Yep. But it's also private. I don't feel like, I didn't understand why celebrities would say private things when nobody even asked you That cold duck. That's right. That some cocaine. No.


Go see Charlemagne. He'll make you Talk. I'm like, why you did nobody ask you that? Nowadays? It's crazy Emini Here nowadays. I, and so with the, oh, And I also get an Instagram Emini here. I've had an account, but my makeup artist said when he went on my social media that it was vintage, not the V word that I had not posted. I said, I don't know what to post. I don't know what's interesting because work fulfills so many parts of me.


If I'm not working, I really don't have nothing to say. What I did today, I, I colored, I did crossword puzzles. Well, People are into that. They're into your life outside of just acting. They're into now what does Jasmine guy do? What does she enjoy? What is she like? You know, because we know who you are on different World, but what don't like off camera boring. But people want to see that. They wanna understand that. They wanna see what your life's like. If you just sit outside and you, you knit all day, what are you knitting? Why? And to be honest with you, what calms you down? Because maybe what calms you down will help some calm me down. Yeah. Maybe something that you do can help guide me through my life. So people are into what people Do.


And now we need some boring shit. 'cause like everybody's whiling out here. I'm talking about. So I'm, I'm interested in what you be knitting. You know what Emini here, I wanna see that I'm Working on my next Afghan No, but it's kinda like that. I like calm, I love my friends. My favorite thing in The World is when my friends come by my apartment And I live in midtown in Atlanta. So I'm accessible because in New York, I used to have an apartment on 78th Street between Columbus and Central Park. Everybody come through there. If you lived in Queens, if you lived in Jersey, you gonna come by my, And I loved that.


Yeah. And so that's one of my favorite things is having my people over. And I've been cooking too. I've been watching HGTV See people like to see what, what does Jasmine guy cook? What's your favorite meal? Right. Well, I'm trying to make the perfect chicken wing for me. Okay. You don't not make chicken wings yet? No, I made them, I make them every week. Okay. But for me, other people eat them and they're okay. But I want a certain consistency. I think I'm, I can't get a deep fryer 'cause of my apartment. I can't have it on the, on the patio. So I've tried all different kinds. They're good. And I've done the marinating and everything.


Also, I've learned meatballs. I got a good meatball. Let people like and Turkey beef poke. It's a, it's veal and pork. Ugh. Oh Jesus Christ. No, she ain't say she. I'm sorry. I'll make you some Turkey. Theres No chorizos pork too. I'll make you some. But I gave a cheesecake. So I'm using my mother's cheesecake recipe and I'm just doing them over and over until I get it the way you love it. My daddy is my Guinea pig. He has to try all my food and give me notes. Tell me if it's dry, tell me, you know. And my friend Jamala loves my cheesecakes.


So I made one for the house, gave it to her. And I was like, you know, let me know how it is or whatever. She gave her mother one piece and she ate the rest of it. Dang. That was good. Oh yeah. That must be Good. She loves them. She's had three whole cheeks, cakes. Jesus. And she probably a little too ain't Yeah, she a little bitty thing. I'm like, okay Jamal, let me tell you what's in this because you can't. So she wrote a book about her daughter. It's a children's book called Mommy, I think I have diabetes. She found out her daughter has diabetes, but it was from her daughter. This was a true story. She made a children's book.


And I said, your second book is gonna be mommy. I think you got diabetes, You keep eating Whole cheesecakes. That's right. Slow your roll. I'm glad you like them and whatnot. But you know, you can't be in the whole one. Yeah. I gotta ask, you know, you mentioned earlier that you know, when you do these interviews, people ask the same questions about a different world. Are you tired of being, of, of talking about a different world since you had Emini here? That was 30 years ago. But then I see you on 37. 37. Wow. But then I see you on the HBCU tours going from school to school. I see you having those conversations. Are you just done with talking about that part of your life?


I'm not done with that part of my life because people are exploring. They're asking me the same things. What's your favorite episode? They want me to say the wedding show. That wasn't my favorite episode. That's your favorite episode. Right. I love when the kids ask questions. So we go to these schools, we have a moderator. This past when we did Spelman, Morehouse and Clark, we had seven of us. I love that too. Yeah. Usually it's no more than four of us. And when the kids get to ask the questions, their questions are different. They're not asking those same things. Emini here really, you could do your research and know the answer already, of course.


But the kids are like, when you were 19, blah, blah, blah. When you first left home, what did you think about your character? This Emini here. Intelli. Especially them Spelman girls, first of all, they acted like we were rock stars Because y'all are Yeah, definitely Are. They were just off the chain when we came out. Then one girl said, miss Charnel, miss Charnel wanna thank you for being a presence for dark skin girls. Mm.


Miss Ms. Jasmine, thank you for showing me confidence. Mm. And Ms. Cree, thank you for being the oddball. Mm. That was her. There you go. Thank you Jasmine. Yeah. She was saying, I see you and you help me see me. And you don't know you're doing all that when you just playing your role. You know? But I know Debbie knew. I knew Debbie knew what she was doing when she hired Cree and Charnel that second season. It was very deliberate.


I was just talking about Charnel and him. I was, yeah. Yeah. What were you saying? Because I was saying she was, we had a whole conversation about who's the most beautiful on a different world. And you know, he turned into that And I was like, man, Kimberly Reese was the one. She was the one. Yeah. You think that should you think there should be another show or maybe they should relaunch it. And the reason is, last time I tell you the reason I I went to college in HBCU in Hampton was because I seen a different world And I wanted that experience coming from Queens. Right. I was like, I want that. I don't know if if people see that anymore, if they see what a college looks like in the experience and not just, you know, the partying, but real life, real situations and everything going on.


Yeah. I I I think that's missing. It is not there. And I thought when we did, you know, 'cause when I did a different world, we were coming off school days and it was, you know, months in between the project. So it felt like we were a part of a wave. I didn't know that it crested and was over because Fox started with Rock Dutton show, Simba show even you know, before Martin. And once they got launched they dropped those black shows. Same with cw. You saw what happened with the game. But I thought we were part of a new, I don't know, a new entertainment phase for black people.


Mm. It was a renaissance But it was over. Yeah. Yeah. After Cosby left it, they just snatched everybody off. They couldn't wait to get our time slot. Wow. Yeah. I've had a lot of conversations about that. I feel like after the nineties it was a intentional, it was intentional and strategic by Hollywood to change the image of black people. I really feel that way. We went I think so too. Charlamagne, It went from great scripted shows where people had jobs and careers to Yeah. Reality television Where they don't have to pay nobody. That's right. Until you make it big or whatever. And now, even with Harlem, And I love that show And I love doing it. And I don't understand the streaming thing.


Amazon had us for 10, 10 episodes of first season eight, the second season this season six. So what you are doing, I don't know, we have to do 22 episodes a season. What you're doing is you can't give anybody long enough work. Right. So the writers on a series, they're giving up four or five months, they're getting paid. But now six, that's two months worth. Yeah. I don't know. And I don't know why they're doing it with Harlem because people like that show. Right. You know what, Emini here and it shows Harlem in a beautiful way.


It's vibrant and alive and it's not gray and boarded up like the Harlem's like in, you know, it ain't cool High in cornbread. Earl and me Harlem. It's a celebration. So I don't know why they're not committing. I find it selfish that you don't give a show enough legs to succeed and let Tracy Oliver do what she do. That's Right. I had so much influence. You know, Jermaine Dupree was here yesterday. Oh really? And on the, they did a Freaknik documentary. Oh. Have you ever been a Freaknik? No. I was in LA during that time.


But I've heard about it. They said shutting down I 20. That's right. There were a lot of babies made during that. I'm Sure they said that actually different world made Freaknik even bigger. I guess y'all had a episode where the girls talked about going to Freaknik and not telling their parents. Oh Yeah. The younger crew. Like Jada and them. Yep. Yeah. And they said that amplified it a thousand percent. Oh. Oh my God. Because so many people were watching different Well it was like, we are going down to Freaknik. That's amazing. So you called some people to get pregnant. Uhuh. I hope the daddy's paying child support Question. Miss God. Do you find a sense of vindication in this award at this stage of your career?


No. You know what I felt, I was really surprised at how happy I was when I, when I got it. I really felt like I won that award for a different world in Atlanta. Wow. And I say Atlanta because when I got to New York, I had been trained that I had been poured into, you know, with my dance schools, my teachers, the performing art school. I went to my church, you know, and then, And I also knew that I, even though I was glad that the show won, you know, Jessica Woos, I just felt like it was for a different world.


It's for what nobody, you know got back then. You dedicated your award to a different world. That's the reason why. Just 'cause you felt like Yeah. I was like, this is ours. I love that because I know what made that show good. And I know we didn't get our props That's right. From white people. No, that's right. Emini here. No Black people. I have six image awards. Yeah. Two Soul Train awards. Yeah. Because they know what that does. It gives you power in the Hollywood system. We are not giving them that. That's so disrespectful to me. Yeah. It's not like a person I could cuss out.


It's just a cloud of a system. White people, I don know like white Hollywood. Yeah. Because if that show, well just look what they do with friends and what they did with Living Single. Just look at the publicity, how much money they made. They were at the Golden Globes. They got movies. They are, we are no less talented. That's right. And the writing was awesome on a different world because they're doing deep subjects and they have to keep us funny Because the network wanted us funny.


They said, well if we're gonna do this age show, how are we gonna make it funny? Well maybe Whitney's gonna lose her virginity during was was the beeline. That's gonna not make it so heavy. You know, they have to do that for everything. The riot show that they have to still mix in the humor. And I think we did that well. And that Susan Fas Hill, I'm so proud of Lena Wade and, and Issa Rae to see them as showrunners and, and starring and this and that. I'm like, oh, they're fierce.


And I hope they get they props. But, but I wonder, how do you think this recognition of the award contributes to the broader conversation about diversity and representation in Hollywood? Especially for like og veteran actresses like yourself who've made significant contributions over the decade? Okay, so what, Like what does this do? Like the award has to do something being that Jalin guy can still be so good at this stage in her career that she's still getting Awarded. Oh yes. It does feel validating. And I even said when I, when I accepted the award, you know, thank you for keeping me in, in this community because the creative community is my world.


Whether it's in New York or LA or Atlanta, you know, value my people. And you know, with the pandemic and then six, seven months on strike, I'm like, I need to work. I need to be with my people. You know, I need other creatives. I need stories at lunchtime. And that, that goes for everybody. That goes for hair, makeup, wardrobe. Everybody is expressing themselves and there's a spiritual connection to that. So I did feel that way. But it has been good to see my peers like Regina King, Victoria Mahoney, Sally Richardson, the girls that I was like acting with doing like directing.


Yeah. And, and killing it like that. And Tasha Smith directed the last episode I did of Harlem. Love Her. Killed it. That's what a force of nature. Yep. Force of nature. Loud as all. Get up just loud, Ain't she? That's my girl though. Yep. Gotta be loud Sometimes. We needed it. It was a very long day. It was a long shooting day and Sure. Energy was just Always, always high. Yeah. And what I was so impressed with was her technical acumen. Like she really knew her cameras. She really knew what she wanted.


She had to map out a 10 page scene, which is very long for, you know, a a anything for movie or tv c Yeah. And I don't know, she just did a beautiful job. It was the only episode I've done on that show where I saw other people. 'cause all my episodes are with Grace by she's my daughter. Well I'm her mother, I should say. She's, And everybody was there at this event. So I got to see Bevy Smith was there, Whoopi was there. I don't know. It was exciting. I was kind of fanned out too.


Yeah, that's Amazing. I seen a clip that was released from your uncensored and it talks about being a mixed child. Was that very difficult in the industry going at that time where you're going up for auditions and people are saying, well, she's not white or, and then well maybe she's not black enough. Was that difficult? Well, I always defined myself as black, but I didn't get roles 'cause I was too light sometimes. Or I got like the, my first, after I left Alvin Ailey, I did musical theater, Broadway and whatnot. And then I started taking acting classes and going out for auditions. And I played three hoes before I got Woodley.


I'm just saying, I asked my agent, I was like, is this normal? He said, you paid three ho. Yes, I played a prostitute on the equalizer. I played a Hoe on Loving, which was a soap, a soap opera back then. And then on my third one I said, okay, is this, And I was nailing them, whatever it is about nailing them hos. I got that shit before I got back to my apartment. I was like, okay, but What do you tap into? Am I'm gonna play other things. Yeah. What do you tap into to to, to be able to like really play ahoe Now what did she tap into the, the way they, the way the way they write it, they usually write, I usually do sarcasm.


Well, okay. And they're usually snarky, you know. Now the other activities, the, the Emini here on the equalizer, I was the hoe that they bought. Sounds Funny for the guy that just came outta prison. Oh my God, this scene was nasty. And I'm like, surprise. And I come out and I'm supposed to do him 'cause he'd just been in prison. And then in the scene he starts coughing And I say, you catch something nasty where you been. And he grabs me by the hair and slams me on into his, his knee.


He bringing up his trauma, he triggered him. I got a little too snarky. But the thing was, man, I didn't know that that should have been blocked. I didn't, it was one of my first acting jobs. So because I'm a dancer, I was able to go, you know, slam myself down. All he had to do was, you know, and make it look like he was just, and then fall And I did it over and over and the director was like, are you okay? It was like, it wasn't until after that I talked to some of my actor friends and they were like, nobody blocked you. Nobody. Wow.


I said, no, it was just like a, you know, a dance move or whatever. But yeah. Then when I auditioned for Whitley, first of all, they didn't even have her name yet. It was Sidney slash Whitney, A black southern bell. I'm like, things didn make you go, Hmm. A black southern bell y say. Anyway, I, she was hitting on her professor for an a in the scene. You like, here Go another whole row. Yeah. College. Thank you. We're ruffles. Yeah. But when I got on the set, now she's a virgin and she doesn't know what's going on in The World.


Right. It's just interesting because you play things based on who they tell you you're supposed to be. And then as actors, we often do backstories, you know, make up something that got us to this point. So we have something to, to lean on. But yeah, I was thinking, wow, I guess I'm just gonna be, it wasn't that I was playing ahoe or a prostitute, it was just that I wanted to play all kinds of characters. Yeah. I gotta Ask you, I've always wanted that. Yeah. Gotta ask a question. This is a personal question. When you started off dancing as a child, right? Did you know what direction you wanted to go into?


So I got two girls that dance, right? Oh. And they, I travel all over the country. Dance with these, these little babies and Emini here they are amazing. One, one first prize over what? 7-year-old? Over a thousand girls. First prize. But what? Yes. They get busy. They take it serious. Six days a week, four hours a day, gymnastics, flipping back, flip, dancing. Wow. Yes. It's a lot. It's a lot. But I, I've, I've learned to love it. Like really enjoy it. But I, you know, as a dad, I always think like, well, what's next after dance? Like, what do you do as a dancer? Like when you get to high school and college, like, what happens from that? Did you know what you wanted to do? Going into Alvin Ailey and, and Figuring, okay. So when I was a little kid, I thought I just kept asking for more classes.


Like once a week. Saturday turned into three, turned into five, you know, and when I saw Alvin Ailey And I saw Revelations, I realized that I could do this as a job. I didn't realize that you could dance as a job, right. Other than be a dance teacher. That's all I was seeing. And I told my daddy, I said, I think I, I have my calling. I wanna dance with Alvin Ailey. So from 12 to 17, that was the trajectory, kind of on a level where you are with your girls, because I danced every day after that, I went to perform in Arts High School.


I joined Latin Ballet. I went to North Carolina School of the Arts over the summer because I knew that I was not technically proficient enough to get into the Ailey company, but I was also performing.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold, to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh with the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sys, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


And I played Anita Westside story. And I was young, I was like 13 And I could al already act And I could sing. But it was that because you know, you can't fake dancing. You can either dance or you can't dance. That's right. Emini here. It's a, it is an athletic, you know. So that's when I knew, do they wanna do it as a profession? They, they don't know right now. One is seven, one is 10, and they just enjoy it and they want more. And it's not just ballet, it's not just open for mad. It's just, it's everything. It's it's jazz. It's it's tab. It's now they just started getting into hip hop. But for me it's like, I enjoy it because I know where they are.


Right. I know they're not gonna want to go to their friend's house. I know they're not gonna want to go to the mall because they enjoy so much. School's over at two 40, from three to seven, they dancing. Seven, they come home, do homework. They tired. And I enjoy it because I like watching 'em. Like I'm the, there's not too many dads out there for some reason. But I'm the one that's, I know the routine and I'm spinning with them because I, if they enjoy it, I enjoy it. But it's, I feel like more people, more kids should get into it because it's, it's, it's a, it's a great art. Yeah, it's a great Art. And it gave me my foundation for everything. Discipline, being on time, confidence. Like even when I got a different world, I remember one of our, our scripts, she came up to me and she said, are you a dancer?


And I was just standing there And I was like, yeah. Like what gave me away Monster. What? I was always on time. I was always there waiting for everybody else. I did not understand the way they did it. And all the breaks they take, I'm like, what are we breaking for? We ain't done nothing. Right. Dancers are the mules of the business. Wow. If the actors are coming out every now and then, we, if we, like when I did fame, we were in rehearsal or performing all day, 10 hours actors going to trailers and coming back when we did school days, you couldn't be in that movie if you couldn't dance, singing and act first of all.


But that meant we all came from theater. We shot, we filmed the Well Emini here, we recorded the song. I Wanna Be Alone Tonight after we filmed that day. And then they said, okay, now you're going to the studio. And we went and we learned the song and did it. And then we learned the choreography and performed it. Damn. But I, that's how we do, especially in New York and especially in theater. All my dancing friends can sing and act. All my acting friends can dance and sing. We had to be triple threats to continue to work. You think them divas from, from Dream Girls, Loretta Divine, Shirley, Ralph, Jennifer Lewis.


You built for it. You know? That's right. So when we go out there, we're not even asked to work at our full potential. Mm. You know what, Emini here, and your babies are gonna be like that too in whatever they do. Because that kind of training is like an athlete. I wanna talk about another training you probably got. 'cause you know, you, you carry yourself with a certain sense of, of of Regalness. Right. And when you look at Debbie Allen, when you look at Felicia Rashad, they have that same regal energy. What did, what did those two teach you? Oh my gosh. Everything. I Emini here. Debbie was ahead of me. So every time people told me, well you're mostly a dancer.


You don't know about you acting or you're a comic actress, we don't know about you doing drama. In my mind I go, Debbie Dead. I just let them tell me what they thought I couldn't do. And it wasn't just that I knew I could, she's already done it. She just did it. She had two lines in the fame movie. When you see her next, she's directing, choreographing the show. She's producing. You can't let other people tell you what you can do. You don't know. And the other mantra I always had, especially like when people were certain choreographers, you know, it's not a nice world, the dance world.


So they're reading me or cussing me out, whatever. And I would say, you don't know, you're not God. Ooh, all I in my mind. So I wouldn't cry because I was like, don't you know, don't you stand up here and and let him make you cry. 'cause he is saying, you know, you think you're something you'll never be anything. And I was like, you don't know you're not God. That's right. How you gonna pro proclaim my destiny? That's right. You know, so you have to be able to talk to yourself. And Debbie is the same way. Felicia's the same way. They have a sense of self. Because Debbie told me about how they rejected her at North Carolina School.


The yards. Because she didn't have a, a body for dance. 'cause she got a booty and whatever. And she said, And I took this booty all the way to Broadway darling. You know, okay, you don't want me in your school. Well I'm gonna go to Howard and then I'm gonna be on Broadway. And then and then And then you can't let other people tell you what you are and what you're not. Yeah. Yeah. And I refuse that. I refuse that on just a general level. Like there were little dancers in my class that were great dancers, but a little chunky or whatever. And I heard how the teachers talk to them, you know, destroying them.


How dare you. That's right. How dare you take your responsibility and do that to her. You don't know what she's gonna be and you only gonna go with skinny, tall people. I just don't like that. If you gonna teach kids an art form, don't add your bitter 2 cents to it. That's right. Because you didn't with your fat ass. That's a not, that's not politically correct. The politically correct term is big back. No it's not. Don't. It's big back. We just big Back. Do women say that? Or is that a male term? No Charlamagne. No. Brought that up back. Discovered That. I'm not saying big back. Yeah. He developed that term. Big back sound better than fat ass. It sounded Like a dude term. Yeah. And a dude that didn't right There.


Now they really gonna think I'm gay. He discovered, I'm like, oh that baby got beat back. Sht sound right. Coming from Us. That's not a rumor. I heard that you were gay. I didn't hear that room before. Where did that start? It just comes up every now and then. If, if they don't see me with a man, like when I was, I was at an Oscar party at Georgias And I was dancing with Debbie and all the fame dancers were there. Like, you know, she keeps all her people. They got me, you know, photos a week, me and Debbie. And they talking about me in the hair salon. I knew it. I think they together. And Norm calls me, he loved it.


I said, well I'm single. I don't like that. He was Like, yeah, that's some funny shit. I said, funny for you Because You like Yeah, I'm with Debbie and she's with Jasmine. Then it came up when I was at Ale's, you know, I don't know what it is, I don't care, but just, I don't wanna have to undo it. Yeah. And then I, you know, in New York it was, I got hit on and stuff And I was like, okay, well what made you think that I like What Bother me? You know? I was just developing into my womanhood.


It Was by some St Stairs. Maybe it's Timberland you got hit on by some stairs. Said what? Maybe it's the Timberland you said? Yeah, it was ths. I didn't have Timberlands there. Didn't have Timberland. I was at Cafe Wa. Alright. And it was funk night. And I would go there by myself sometime. You can't always have somebody come with you. You know? So some, sometimes I think it's 'cause I'm alone. And then I had a, you know, my best friend at Ailey's, we were walking through the park and unbeknownst to us, we were walking in the Woody gay area Wood, I don Dunno what you call it. A Glen Valley. The gate section. The gate, the Woody Gate section. The Dale, the Dale of the Shade, shade Section.


Okay. And They stepped to you? Well somebody saw us there. Oh man. And we didn't know we were in a certain area, whatever. 'cause they, I don't know. And that when I got back to the school, they were like, you know, they're saying that you and so and so are. I was like, I don't even have a boyfriend. How can I have a girlfriend? Okay. Like I can't even work, you know? Right. It doesn't bother me. But when I was younger it did because I was still developing. And they was pulling up on you. I was developing as a young woman. Yeah. Yeah. Aw. Would you ever do a memoir? I know Emini here. I need, we know you got incensed coming out this weekend, but would you ever do a memoir?


I would need, I would need some help. You know, I would just need some help. I can't write it myself by myself. Oh yeah, that's, Yeah. Most people get help with their memoir. Yeah. Yeah. Because I loved reading Jada Pinker's book Worthy because like, you know, envy was saying earlier and you were saying it was such a privacy in the nineties. So to get those stories from that era when she talks about you and you know, PAC and just y'all friendship, just that friendship of black Hollywood. It's just like, man, How And I, I was like privileged enough to hang with them 'cause they're so much younger than me. Mm. You know, and it was just easy, you know, her birthday party and we went to the Dragon Fly, which was funk night that night.


Oh. Gaze was in Nancy that night. I like be some funk, obviously. I'm like, it's funk now in the dragonfly. But, and you know, accepting of me because, so I think old is Jada 50? I don't know. Lemme look it up. I think, well I'm 62 so when I'm on the show I'm 25, 26, 27. They 18, 19. She's 52 Cree. Yeah. So now it's not a big deal. But back then I wasn't hanging out with No. You know, I remember I went to a restaurant with Cree and as we were walking to the restaurant, she said, do they card?


I said Card Emini here. I had never, I had never been carded because 18, you know, I said, how old are you? She said, I just turned 18. I said, what the hell am I doing hanging out with an 18-year-old? Are you kidding? Meade too. I saw them as kids. I like grown ass men when I was young. 30, 32. Right. So that, you know, it's like 18. Yeah. But now that they had, they have embraced me. I appreciate it. Right. Because they kept me current and kept me interested because they, Jada and Cree are out the box thinkers.


You know, they bring creative ideas to the table that I never would've thought of. Right. And I love that. And and of course, you know, CRE keeps me laughing. What about Pac? Pac? And I would like that too. He always had ideas. I felt so Unac accomplished, you know, 'cause he would say something and then do it. I would tell him an idea and not write it and not finish it. Or it's still like on my shelf mostly. I wanted him to know that I felt he was a great actor.


And I heard the murmurings of, oh, he's just being himself or whatever. They're just riding on his fame as a rapper. I said, everybody that raps ain't acting on, on, on there. There were a lot of rappers that had movies that man can act. Yeah. Emini here. His performances were after chain. And I just wanted him to know that and not listen to that. One time in Newsweek, they used to have little blurbs like Star of the Week or Celebrity of the Week, just a little blurb. And they said, and surprisingly handsome rapper, I said, what the fuck is so surprising?


Surprisingly. Yeah. How insulting. Yeah, he was fine as shit. It was Sorry girl. Yes. Oh, why is that surprising? Yeah. He's supposed to be ugly 'cause he is a rapper. I found it racist. Then when I got to, when I won one of the My Image awards And I go to the press tent, there were two little white girls there. And all they did was ask me about what I felt about Tupac getting an image award. Now meanwhile I have my award, it's my sixth one and I'm not even prepared to, you know how they like to bring up dirt when you had a bread carpet?


And I was thinking, what are y'all doing here? This is the M, this is our party, you know, and you are crashing our party and asking me to tell some dirt about somebody else here. So I wasn't in the most receiving way. They kept asking me if I thought he deserved an image award. And I said, well I don't know what the controversy is. Well you know, because of Dolores Tucker and this, that and the other. And I didn't know. And I said, well can you tell me which songs you're referring to? At the time I had only heard Dear Mama Brenda Had a Baby and Keep your head up.


I honestly didn't know what the controversy was about because these are all uplifting female. Yeah. And she said, well I don't know which song I haven't, I haven't heard the cd. I said, well why don't you do your homework and then come to me and ask me. Right. I was so mad. And in the back of the house, there were two brothers like this. They were from Jet and Ebony, you know, because I'm like, how dare you come to our party, insult our guest and don't even know what the hell you talking about. That's right.


But I'm supposed to know they were on the radio, those three songs and they come in like they well we just deserve that. We just deserve that may have. Mm. Oh my God. I was so glad. So the next day I was in the LA Times, I had my award up like this and my Nostri Flare And I don't know what they said, but my publicist called me and she was like, you know, there are, there are white actresses that don't get hired because their breasts are too big. I was like, first of all, I don't have to run everything by you for me to speak.


You know, if you wanted to be by my side, you should have been by there. Yeah. But what was she gonna do? Interrupt me. You disrespecting us, you disrespecting me. And they and Afeni saw that article and heard that I stood up for him. And she never forgot that. And I think that's part of why she was cool with him staying with me after you Got shot. Yeah. Because she didn't, based on what they knew about me and seeing me on the show, she didn't realize that. I was like that, you know what Emini here. And they're very much soldiers in that.


One of her friends said, oh, you a soldier now. And I was like, I'm sorry, are we at war? I didn't know what she meant by it. Were you afraid during that time, like when you took PAC in after he got shot, did you feel like, what if they come looking for him and I'm Here There? Yeah, there were times because of the, the regularity of my going in and outta my apartment, I felt like it would be easy if I had been on the radar for anybody to, you know, follow me or come up. And so there was that. And I didn't live in a secured building, like a doorman building And I was scared of, but like, I had never seen a real bullet wound just, you know, on tv, like NYPD blue and when I played a badass in this movie.


But I was concerned about that, you know, actually caring for the wounds and making sure he was gonna be okay. So You had to nurse, you had to nurse him back into To being good. Yeah. He should have been in the hospital for at least two or two or three more days on antibiotics. And I Remember he just walked out. He signed himself out. So you had to help him out and help Mead and help him get himself back together. Well He w when he left Bellevue, he went to his girlfriends and he realized it was equally accessible. He just felt like a sitting duck right. In the hospital. But everybody knew who he was at his girlfriend's, nobody knew that we were friends. So him coming to my apartment was more like discreet diary Van Frank.


Gotcha. Yeah, I just put food under the bookcase. Yeah. But yeah, it was on the down low. I didn't know what kind of publicity might have come from that, but it wasn't anything I was interested in publicizing, so I just shut the family down. I was like, should you tell anybody where you spend those? You, you know, because I didn't do that for that reason. I, it was a personal reason. That's Right. And I, that was one of those moments where, you know, you, y'all don't get that. Yeah. And they, they respected it all these years until the documentary they've been wanting to, I guess, thank me.


But their love and I'm part of that family now has been enough. I don't need public thanks for what I did on a personal level. That's Right. So that's dope. It's interesting the documentary said, okay, Jasmine, you can talk about that part of it now. Because I really thought, well just, you know, I'll go to my grave with certain things. Yeah. Not because I'm ashamed, but I don't like the exploitation factor of things that you do in your personal life. Yeah. For your kids or for people you love or whatever, you know. What Was your story Emini here?


It said in the doc Jada talked about it in her book. This Yeah. Is is All y'all story. She called me and tell me what was in the book. This is Our Life. Said I didn't talk about this, I didn't talk about that. And I really was calling her more for support because when I wrote Afeni book, I didn't know all the other stuff you have to do for a book. The preface, the book tours, you know. And I just wanted to make sure she was, and there was a kind of loneliness to her story, to me. To Afeni. No J doesn't Jada. Oh, okay. Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah. I can See that there's a loneliness. Like the bigger and richer and you get more isolated.


Mm. You know, there's more things you can't do and you always have to, I don't know. So I just, I just didn't want her to feel that loneliness. She could talk to me about whatever. Because that was some, it was a lot of personal information. Yeah. That One of those times You was like, her gauge is way past mine. Yeah. That's what Emini here about the younger ones. They showed me that I don't have to be that old school about my privacy. That's cool. So you, you didn't say, you know, when Tupac stayed with you, you saw that alopecia like you ain't gonna go in it like that. I didn't tell nobody. Yeah.


Emini here. When my family saw the documentary. Yeah. My best friend said what? I told two people and they both lived in New York. 'cause why tell somebody that can't get to me? Because I did. I was worried that anything could happen, you know? Yeah. And those two people, two of my friends that lived in New York, that was it. So all my other friends, I just, 'cause two weeks is on a long period for me not to call you. And I wasn't missed yet, you know? Yeah. Maybe had it been a month. Right? Yeah. Gotcha.


So now when that documentary came out, a lot of my friends were like, Whoa. That's where he was at for that two weeks. When Did this happen? What were you staying? How come I didn't know? Did his girlfriend at the time have a problem with that Emini here? 'cause that's pac, I don't know. And Jasmine guy. So I, you Know, I have no idea. Child, I wasn't dealing with, I don't care at all. He's 21, you know, Emini here. I'm not like your girlfriend going and it was dire. It was Emini here. He was in trouble. Yeah. And he was still open. Like it wasn't healed yet. You know? So I wasn't thinking about that. Yeah. They Back together.


I think They got back together. Yeah. I'm sure you talk about this on UNC Sunset. And this is my last question. Like, when was the last time you spoke to him? Tupac? Yeah. Who? Like before he died, do you remember the last conversation y'all had or last time you saw him? I was visiting Afeni in Stone Mountain when they had a house there and he came through. Now this is after he'd been in prison for 11 months. Okay. So I haven't seen him for a while. Okay. Yeah. So I saw him at the house. That was the last time. You remember the conversation or you don't That's personal. It was just like, hey, you know, and he was just like, I'm strong now because he was, he was, you know, infirmed.


So he wanted me to see his, you know, little prison pushup muscles and Whatnot. Knuckles were all black from doing it on. You know, he wanted, I was like, yeah, you look good. And then he went out with his friends and you know, I hung out with Afeni. The thing that really hurt my feelings about him getting shot like that when he was with me. I thought I was helping him go to the next part of his life. Like grow, evolve. Yeah. I was like, you gonna get, you gonna go to prison and then get shot again?


And I knew that second shooting wasn't, the wounds he had the first time were in his appendages, not in his lungs. I was so disappointed. Yeah. You lived And he told me he was going to, he wasn't gonna make it past 25. I always thought he was just talking shit all the time. That's legend. Put that in the book. I was like, think I'm not writing a book about you stop telling me that.


I'd be like, I'm never telling anybody anything about this experience. Nah, you need to, you know, blank in the bathtub. Like, you need to put this in the book. What am I your fucking now you're a chronicler. Yeah. And he kept telling me, he was like 21 And I really didn't understand that world. He knew I wasn't from it. I thought it was ridiculous for him to say he wasn't gonna live past 25. My, I treated him like I treated my little cousins that make these statements about life.


Yeah. So that hurt. I can't wait people to hear your story. You live the life, miss God. Y'all gotta watch him since it this Sunday. Sunday. March 24th. You need to write a book. Central TV one. Y'all Gonna make me, I'm gonna take my lashes off 'cause I'm going to the airport. No, leave them here. They, I'm gonna put 'em on eBay. Are they Still wearing with lashes? If you take 'em off, I'm put 'em on eBay. No, you haven't got, I got you. I don watch it. They On Make sure they know it's not roaches or spider because they look like bugs when you just put them on the couch ball. Oh, that are my last, Well, Jasmine guy, ladies, Gentlemen. So man, always a pleasure when you come Ms. Guy, thank you so much.


Me back. You're a cultural icon. We appreciate you so much. We value you. Just thank you always. That's right. Thank you. It's Jasmine guy. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koska, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne to God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber team. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today available in select locations. See app for details.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


January 2nd on a, B, C, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kickoff the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and CLIA Sheer as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses but lives. Extreme Makeover, home Edition premier's January 2nd at eight seven Central on a, b, C, and will be available to stream next day on Hulu.