
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at t Connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake That ass up. Irv in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We have Marcia Ambrose. Welcome back. What's happening? Hi guys. How, How feeling? How are you cleaning, Marsha? About seven, eight years. Nine, nine years. It's been a long time. Crazy. How you feeling? I'm great. How are You? Doing well. Good. Less black and holly favorite Emini here. You, you, you got so many classics to me. Late nights, early mornings, friends and lovers. Nyla, you have done it again with Casa Blanco. Thank You. You heard it? Yes, absolutely. They gave it to you. I feel it's such a vulnerable feeling when people would like have it now.


It's like not real. It's like this is all a dream. Well, congrats. Thank you. So I I I heard it was your mom that actually got you to a link back up with Dr. Dre. You know what she did in true SC of fashion, the liver puddling that she is, she hit me up and said, oh, you using Words. We have no idea what That means. Scouser means you were born and raised in Liverpool. Okay. A liver pian. Right. Okay. So I'm born Liverpool, born and raised. So my mom calls me, me mom calls me and says, oh, Marsha, have you spoke to him? Dr. Dre lately? No, I don't even think she referred to him as Dr. Dre. She just said, Dre, like I was supposed to know who that was. And I'm like, no mom, I haven't spoke to Dre lately. And I was like, all right, I'll call him up.


So this is round about the end of 2020 December. So I give him a call, say, what's up? We reconnect. He's like, I'm working on a couple of things, I'll send you a couple of ideas. So we started shooting ideas back and forth. What would then be the GTA video game? But I didn't know that that's what was being worked on. You know, Dre is just like, let's just work. You never know what's gonna happen. So we're going back and forth and a couple of weeks go by and the top of 2021, you had a brain aneurysm. And I was on the treadmill when I found that out. Like looked at my phone and you know, it popped up whatever news outlet and it was like what?


I just talked to him like less than 24 hours ago and made all the calls, found out everything was okay and stable. 24 hours after that he called me, said, look, marsh, I'm cool, I'm in recovery, but I want to get back to work, so I want to get you out to LA and let's just figure some things out. So He in the hospital bed calling you like, look, we gotta get back to work. Wow. All I know was like plugged up, plugged up. He was like, yep, I'm on the way back. I said, okay, Dr. Dre, whatever you say. And within a couple of weeks I was in LA most of that year, 2021. And the creation of Casa Blanco happened a couple of months after that.


So it was really all the GTA stuff. And then I told Dre that I was overdoing this artist thing, Nyla's mothers now. And I just wanna chill. Like I just wanna produce and write. I've never been a pick me. I wanna be in front of the cap. No, I was done. And he said, yeah, nah. Oh, you was done with music? Yeah. Really Well, being an artist. Being an artist. Yeah. Being an artist. Like I was always gonna create. But the whole being the artist thing, I was like, I've done everything that I could possibly do on a, this bucket list that I tried to create for myself. I've surpassed my bucket list, my actual what Was on the bucket list.


I'm just curious. Get signed, win a Grammy, lose some Grammys. I don't know, like work with my favorite artists, like regular stuff. But my actual things I didn't write. Ooh, work with Michael Jackson, work with Prince, work with Stevie, work with Dr. Drag. I didn't write those things out loud, but I wanted those things And I achieved that by now. This is 24 years in for me. So I'm like, ah, what's next? I'm on my Quincy Jones mission. Yeah, I know you write for other people and produce for other people, but it, there's something about your sound and your music that I don't think nobody else can deliver. Your voice, your energy.


It's something about a Marsha and Brosius album that's just different than everything else that's out there. This is true. I'd done those. I felt like I'd said all the things that I wanted to say up until that point. I say all that to say, I told Dre this over, like, we had a party for the kids at his crib chilling. And I'm like, look Dre, I don't wanna do this no more. I'm really into producing. I'm writing. I love this team. I want to stay creative. But as far as me doing it, and he was like, yeah, no, I just wanna keep you creative. I just wanna keep you inspired. And we did one song in particular.


I can safely say the titles now. Yes. So we started with a song that used to be called Curfew. 'cause there's a line where I say, let's fall in love before the street lights come on. And I was like, Hmm. Before curfew. And Dre was like, no one likes curfew. No one likes the curfew. So it was, we used a sample from a knight in Tunisia. Oh. And I called it Tunisian Knight. Oh. So that's that class. It's a classic jazz record. Right. So It's a classic jazz record. It starts the way we sampled it. We used this elaborate piano intro that Bluetooth came up with, And I just started singing this intro and then that A night in Tunisia Hits, and then it goes to an entire NAS situation.


Yes. And then the Mary thing comes into it and it's just all of these things. And it was that magic happening in the studio at that moment that we knew, you know, you know, you know, it was one of those moments, like sometimes in the studio you're creating and it's like, oh, this is fire. It's cool. We'll go home. Listen to the beat. Everyone in that room felt something shift, felt something new happen. And to have done everything that I've, I've already done musically, everything that Dre has done, we'd never done this. So we were onto something and it felt like we had to see it through. So Casa Blanco became a destination.


Casa Blanco became the mood, the vibe, the standard. And we just took it from there. I I, I like the pedestal. You put hip hop on on this album. Oh, I have to because just musically, it just shows how much of a classic musical art form hip hop is the fact you can go from a a, that that Tucian record is like from the forties, right? Yeah. The fact you can go from Nat to nah To nineties. Right. And it blends perfectly seamlessly. It doesn't, a lot of things that we did on this album shouldn't make sense. Like I truly believe we will be in the Guinness Book of World Records for how many things we sampled and the way that we sampled them. So no, Wu-Tang, duke Ellington and Michael Jackson aren't supposed to fuse, but on thrill her.


They did. You know, so it's, yeah, it was a wild ride. But one of the most amazing experiences I've ever had. Not only recording it, just the entire process. Even getting to this point, even it taking so long to get a release date for it to be available. Like the entire thing has just been, no one's done this before. Now You talk about, you talk about inspiration, right. And, and Charlamagne say how you inspire so many people. But you must have inspired Dr. Dre as well because we haven't heard music from Dr. Dre. We haven't seen him executive produce things. We've only heard rumors and like, it's almost like a tease. And nothing ever comes out. You hear, you hear Dr. Dre's executive producer such and such album, but you never hear this project. He recently said this in a bit in a, in an interview he recently did and said, And I absolutely believe this, he may have only released 5% of the music that he's ever recorded.


Wow. And now working with him as extensively as I did during the Pandemic. It's absolutely true. And he doesn't do it purposefully. It's because he loves the creative process. And it's like, no, this is just for us. This is ours. So what did you do? How did you, how are you one of the few people to actually get your album up? Did You ever think it wasn gonna happen? I'm, I'm the only There. You are. The only, there's not one person. Damn. Before or after. I don't even think this happens again. That has an entire project solely produced and mixed by Dr. Dre. How did I do it? Not clear, but I know that I did it.


I know that this is something that he'd never done. And I feel like that that was the driving force for it to be something new. He could have just did a hip hop record. It could have just been a soul r and b. It's none of those things. It's something so specific. So different, but so familiar. And I feel like we were both going through a similar situation. It was, he had health scare, I had a health scare. The pandemic is happening. It felt like the end of the earth during that time. Hmm. So it felt desperate in a way. It felt if we don't do this and this world ends tomorrow, what's the mark that we actually leave on Planet Earth?


And musically, like you said, I've done things that, you know, a Marsha Ambrosius album is this specific thing. If I had to leave it all on the floor and put up my triple double and win a chip, that's this album. Mm. If it was all said and done, like, okay, apocalyptic world that we're now in because of the Pandemic and many other things. It was that it was out of desperation and feeling like I could have lost my life. Dre could have lost his. We didn't, we survived these things we're now post Covid VI, how do we navigate through this and what does that sound like?


And that's why, and how this happens. So yeah, Dre being inspired by me, I'm inspired by him and it, it just took off. Tell me, tell, tell us what the title means. So Casa Blanco, I initially, within a week of recording what we knew this was gonna be after Tunisian nights, he threw out some album titles, a couple of which were things like sing or I sing Mother one of those. And I was like, Drake, we need an actual title. Like what is this? It was like, Emini Here you sing motherfucker. That's it. So I'm like, no Drake, that needs to be a title. Like what is this thing?


So I was in a spoiled circumstance where I'm driving through the Beverly Hills, like just Hollywood Hills every day to the destination to record. And it felt very vintage Hollywood. Like the lights, the lamps, it was glitz, glamor, red carpets, the whole nine. And I felt underdressed for the studio every time I got there based on what we were creating. So it was strings, it was a symphony, but it painted these pictures. And I was like, no, it feels like a place. It feels like Casablanca. And it was like, Hmm, okay, Casablanca.


It said, but nah, it's that Dre shit. So it's a little bit more gangster than that. It's like Casa Blanco. Like Grisel de Blanco. Mm mm So the fusion of that very vintage jazz Hollywood feel meets hip hop is how Casa Blanco became what it was, what it is. And all you make it feels like is soundtracks to make love to Of course. Like nothing more than nothing less. Why? Why is that? I have no clue. It's just in me. It's ridiculous. Like I've had this, well a friend of mine recently was like, how do you even come up with another one?


This why not even in a place of desperation, in even in a place of The World was over, I still find a song to make love to And I I it's a gift that's, it's a gift. I gotta ask what? Don't just call a one night stand music too good to have a one night stand too. Like that's not the type of music you have a one night stand too much. Not. Well That was the point. Hmm. My one night stand is now 10 years long. Oh, okay. And I'm saying, so I definitely lent from other experiences and wild drunk nights over the course of, you know, Grammy open bar.


You know, it gets very ridiculous. So yeah, those, those one nights, they're a part of that song too. But ultimately it's that one night that could be your forever that could be Turned a long time. So you have a bunch of people that'll be like, you shouldn't have one night stands. Why not? Exactly. That's right. You dunno where it's gonna go. That's right. Like if you don't, everything is a one night stand when you think about it. Yeah. So we've all done it. It's whether or not it lasted or it didn't, but you shouldn't be, Ooh, I'd never do that if I didn't do it 10 years later in a 7-year-old. Maybe that doesn't happen if I don't just, you know what Emini here. Like if I don't say, hey, I gotta, I want ask. So I wanna go back to what you said. You said that the health scare and and your child, how did that change your life with, with the healthcare and your child?


Because I, I guess if the baby's, what, six, seven years old happened right before Covid? So you pretty much raised the baby during Covid? During Covid, yeah. It's just covid. Babies are different. Oh, they're different. It's Ridiculous. Like, but for me, how it, how it all changed, it changed all of us, you know. So it was being a bit more sensitive, being a bit more open. And I feel like all of our issues, all of our mental health, it was, everything was on the table. 'cause we could all see each other now. We had way too much time to spend with ourselves.


So you were like, oh you're, I see you. And we're going through exactly the same thing. So there was much more, well for me anyway, much more dialogue. Even though suicide skyrocketed, like all of these things, all of these numbers, all of these things are happening. And I have my baby, I have my husband, I have my own bubble that allowed me to feel safe amidst the chaos. Like it was, it still is chaotic, but that was my peace and me being able to be grounded. So that, that definitely helped.


But at the same time, being in a dark place, I don't think there's anything that could bring you out of that. And that was terrifying during the pandemic. And I'm pretty sure for anybody where you're like, not even your kid could bring you No, my mother, my father, my brother, like close friends couldn't Rachel way Up there. This is what Casa Blanco ended up being Casa Blanco. When the timing of it all was, I could see the light at the end of the tunnel. Now I was over the other side of that dark place. And even with this tentative, Ooh, there's gonna be a release date or we have, think about the samples on this album.


We literally took over a year to clear the samples. And I didn't mind that 'cause I felt like I still needed time to heal. So waiting for this release date was almost like, when I say a death date, it was okay. That's the end of that era. So whenever it was happening, it was like, okay, now it's June 28th. I was like, that's the end of all this madness that I had to get through to get to it. So it was like, if I can survive that long, I made it. So what we've got a couple of couple of days to go until we get there. I didn't think I'd see this moment at one point.


So to get here and to be happy and to be in a space that I'm in is just Wow. Wow. Is that where the song, I guess Self Care Wrong Right. Might come From but even that is a song to, to make love to. Yeah. You know, Emini here, making Love is a form of Self Care. Right? It is. It is Self Care. It is being in tune to oneself. Put the do the math one plus one is there, do you? So yeah. It's Self Care. And no matter who's wrong or who was right, it was just Don't leave me and don't leave that feeling. And once the music started, it was all of those emotions.


And even in that, like you said, it all came back down to in true Marsha Ambrosius fashion, you gotta flip write in that love song. Yes. Still. So I'm just glad to be able to do that. What's the wrong Right part of it though, like what does that mean? Who's wrong Self Care? Wrong Right. Was So initially those were two separate songs and the Self Care was I needed to do me figuratively, literally. So by the time we got to wrong right, it's me inviting that person then into my space and it's giving me good like you so hood like please don't go.


It's that you are so wrong right now for even trying to let me let my guard down. 'cause I was so cool with just letting me do me. And then here comes this. Mm, this ugh, this fine dark chocolate son of God swept me off my feet and let me put my guard down And I'm a Leo. And that's hard for me to do. So when it happens, it's both terrifying. But the, the fear in a lioness comes out in aggression and anger and a lot of sexual appetite that is, or you know, anyone that knows.


That knows. And yeah, that was the, you're so wrong right now. Where did y'all meet? Where did, where did you meet your husband? On tour. On tour? Yes. How did that go down? Because you talking about him, you just, you started your mouth started Sal Sal and you just, you start Together, you turned Env on because You say, I'm thinking about the song wrong. Right. I'm like, Hey Wolf get And be thinking about your man getting turned on. I don Chill Just out. No, I'm just saying. I'm just saying she was just so excited. I'm just asking where did they meet? But that's where the Music comes. That's love is love It got me thinking about my wife. All right, I'm sorry. I got, It's fine. No, we met on, on Tour 10 years ago and I saw him, it's 10 years later.


I said, you know when you know, you know, and you keep like all the movies that you see, that's corny shit. Like it never happened. Yes it did. It was, I seen him and he had a red fit on And I was like, who is that? And I approached him like, yo, what's up? And we got to talking and we haven't stopped talking since. Wow. You need to write a book called One Night Stand. Because there's so many people who think you gotta make, make the Man wait 30 days or 60 days or 90 days. There's so, So many formulas to it. Maybe you don't just follow your intuition because it all depends on what type of person you are.


Like there are people that are, I've never been, I'm not approaching unless I know it's for sure. I don't know. There's many formulas to it. So even if I did write a book, I'm going with what worked for me. Wow. I'm not giving you the manual to how this works out. Like, ooh, you too can find your 10 years later. Or you know what Emini here, like I'm not giving it as game like that. I'm saying if you saw what it was that you wanted and you didn't make your move, that's on you. 'cause then you'll sit there and and ponder and be like, well what if I just said something? What if I just approached? So by the time that I did and it was what it was And I knew that it was more than just that one night in Philadelphia, that one night in Chicago, that one night in Virginia, that one night in la now it's many nights now it's Ooh, you wanna move in?


Sure. Moved in together and then it's, oh you wanna go back to the UK for Christmas with me, meet my whole family. Sure. And then by April we were pregnant. Wow. It was that serious. I can't, sounds ridiculous when I say it. No it doesn't. No. When I say ridiculous it's like, that's the timeline though, you know. And we were both very sure, I can't remember what song it is. Maybe it was greedy. What, what's the one song? Maybe I'm tripping. It sounded you was talking about having a threesome. Oh, thrill her. Thrill her. Yeah, thrill her. Okay. That was a dream. Not really came true but Oh, a fantasy. So thrill Her was a drunken high night. I wanna say I took that story from, was it Atlanta?


No, this one might have been at la. It was definitely a Grammy week. And I painted the picture. He came in drunk as hell, give some head then a knock at the door and it's another chick. I'm like, who the is this? And I'm like, oh, it's about to go down. Oh, it might have been a Philly story too. There's like a lot of stories involved. So yeah, when people hear this album, they can claim that. Mm. Yeah that was me and then, which is great. I love that for you. Yeah, it's, yeah, it was a wild night But it was a dream.


Who knows. Oh okay. This album was it, I don't know, it sounded real to me. Me neither. It sounded real to me too. And the album is very like 1990 now. Like how do you have such a nostalgic feeling but feeling, but keep it fresh Because that's what Emini here. Any hip hop connoisseur or r and b head nineties is just, that's it. It's unmatched. It was a time if you weren't outside, Just say that. And I feel like with this album to have grasped what the, the Nas of The World were doing, then the Marys of The World were doing then.


But making it now, it's because that was timeless. And that's, I think our, we're all the same age, like our generation of timeless. Like, whereas our parents, it's temptations, it's, you know, earth wind fires. Okay. Even later than that. But it was timeless music. So it survives now and sounds fresh now because it was that good then. That's right. So I couldn't integrate. I say couldn't, didn't really want to integrate what we feel like hip hop is now or r and b is now I can only learn from what I really know. And me creating in my creative process has always come from the Jodeci era.


It stop and starts there. It's Jodeci, that's my r and b. Like ultimately. So my hiphop is Nas, it's J. So it's all of those things in one album that make it fresh because it was good then. So it was gonna be good. Now it's like singing a, what's a classic to you? Give it any classic Mary j Blige my life. Right. So you sing that now it's, it's then, but it's absolutely now because it was that good then. And I feel like I've always, when I say attempted to write timeless music for me to sing, say Yes or Butterflies, now I can.


But that is 24 years ago for me in my real time Timeless though, 24 years later absolutely timeless. So to create a Casa Blanco and know that 24 years later that can still live, that's the goal. It's like what is your tomorrow And musically I've been doing things that could live for tomorrow whenever that future is. I, I Just love the fact that a Nas Illmatic can inspire something like this. Because when I hear this album I hear a lot of, I hear a lot of Ill madan. Yeah. And that was unintentional. I I guess with that first Tian Nights, it's trying to outdo how we implemented unintentionally Nas in there.


And it was all of these things. 'cause hip hop back then was still lending from classic jazz records. So it only made sense that we not only borrowed from what the nineties did with those samples, but reinventing and elevating them in the only way that a Dr. Dre can were. And did you know, so I was gonna ask, you know, you, you talk about Dr. Dre only releasing 5% of the music that he actually made. How much music did y'all make and how did, what was the process of trickling it down from the amount of songs you made to this 11? You Know what's crazy, we made about 12 or 13 songs really and knew when it was time to start.


We knew it when it was completed. And the only reason why the other two didn't make it is because one of them, it made the album play a little longer than we felt comfortable with. And it matched a, another song on it, like evenly. Like if you had to get rid of one or the other and it was like, ah, it's definitely that one though. And one of them we couldn't clear like getting nah, couldn't, Damn, Nah. One of them. So I was like, okay, we can't clear that one. We have an album and Dre in the creative process has like a, a whiteboard on the wall. We would write the titles for each song and we just looked at it and was like, that's it, that's it.


We're done. So between April, end of April, 2021 and end of May, we were completely redone. Done with recorded vocally. I I recorded everything. Written everything. And we took a couple of weeks off and reconvened and Dre said 27 piece orchestra. So we were at Goer Studios, Eric Go Fame did the string arrangements and we were in with the orchestra listening to them go crazy on this album that we created, which was already doing what it was gonna do. This symphony just took it to another place.


Like just didn't even make any sense. So by the time that's happened, it's just timeless in that way. How does, you know, really thinking about your mortality and like, you know, maybe I guess being face to face with death in a way, how did that change just everything about you as a artist, as a person. I don't know if you can see it. I'm so happy and chill. Like nothing can really like phase me. And if it's anything that does kind of interfere with my peace, it's, whereas I would get upset or combative or defensive about things in the past, it's okay.


That's how you feel. Cool. Like, there's so many more important things than being mad about anything or holding onto things unnecessarily. Like that brush with what you think death looks like and that flash across your eyes of like, like that was it the things you think were important, never were. And by the time you get your life back, it still feels like that. Like it's not important, important. Like prioritizing the importance of things in your life.


Changes. Like, it's not important But you know, with you taking so much time off, it is part of the reason like I just don't want to deal with the noise with the people talking with the social media, with the conversations. It's just you have a clear mind when you don't deal with things and people, Not necessarily that I love people, I love the internet. It's very entertaining space. So it was never that, it was the obligatory having to do it. The whole artist thing. S The gotta show up, the interviews, it's the in gotta be here on this day. It's the now, now I have a itinerary.


Nah, let's just live and chill and maybe do stuff for fun and live how the other side lives or whatever you think that looks like. Right. It was always that. But as far as noise, I think I've, I forced myself to engage, to get perspective on where people are actually at in their lives to understand me more. If that makes any sense. Because I couldn't, I think during the pandemic we all internalized a little bit more and understood ourselves a bit more. But I think not enough people were sharing that for the fear of being looked at crazy.


'cause you have more time to think about who you were. Right. Why you were, and if at all I had to end tomorrow. What, what, what did you do while you were here? So all of these things are happening And I was okay with noise. I, I feel like I was more terrified of the silence. Mm. When you say okay with the noise, meaning you didn't mind people discussing and talking and Oh Not like if no one's makes you Feel like you're still there. Right? Yeah. Like if I, if I wasn't there, I don't know When I say it doesn't matter. I think I was engaging in conversations and catching up with, at such and such on Twitter or at blah blah blah because it was, oh we're still here, we're still able to communicate you.


Okay. Gotcha. Whether it was negative or positive, it was like, you've made time. You're talking about what Emini here me regardless. Yeah. So it was like you've made time. It's the fear of when not talking about yous. But yeah, I didn't mind that it was life I was comfortable with again and all of it in all of its noise. So I think for anyone during the pandemic that silence, it was like the zombie apocalypse. Like, is anyone here? Am I crazy by myself? Are we all gonna die? What's happened? Like it was the silence. It Was scary. Yeah. Especially if you've never, if you've never done any internal work, oh you never did no therapy. If you never did no meditation, if you never have been on no healing journey, that was your first time having to deal with yourself.


That's noisier than anything. You and your thoughts by yourself screaming at times. And then it was quiet, but then it was peaceful, right? And then it was, okay, let me breathe and everyone okay everyone good. You know, and it, it felt like that. What did you learn new about yourself during that time? I have way more patience than I thought. Mm. I'm terrible. Like terrible Like Uber Eats. Where you at with my food delivery? You said you made a left turn. What do you mean you're still waiting?


What do you mean you are? Yeah, I'm terrible. I don't like waiting. I got no patience And I hate waiting. So Mommy, get your as again. Let's rock. Rock. My favorite line One mind. Yeah. Patience. Didn't have any. Now I have all of it 'cause it's, oh it's not happening right now. Cool. Before what you mean? What? Why, when


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Don't even care. Wanna say Don't care. It's, I can't do anything about time and it's, I thought I had time at one point and when I realized I had none. Mm oh, now I'm patient with everything. 'cause now I feel like I've held onto more time than I could have had. Gotcha. So That's different. And I was watching the r and b Money podcast shot to tank and you made a comment, I guess you was joking, I don know if you were joking or not talking about you thought Stevie Wonder really can see Now. And people took it as they were mad at you for a little bit Mad at me. How? I don't know Because if you're a Stevie Wonder fan, what I said was he can see, if you listen to the music to be one of the most prolific descriptive songwriters of our time, how can he not?


And maybe not in the way that you believe that that is, but his pen game makes you visualize us with actual sight, visualize everything he was saying. That's a gift. That's what I said. Yes. He can see. 'cause there's no way He says, I never dreamed you'd leave in summer. And I literally see the summer day he's referring to. That's not fair. Mary wants to be a superwoman And I know who Mary looks like. I've already made that character, the song plays And I see it. Stevie more than any songwriter I believe on Planet Earth, has made me see a song the way Stevie does.


That's what I said. I said what I like I said, that's why I Said I get what you're saying. He might be blind, but he got vision. There's a difference. Speaking of vision to use that song on Casa Blanco, I remember Dre actually, he might, Dre was nervous about using the Stevie record or like asking him like, yo, let's, let's hit Stevie and see what he thinks. I'm like, okay, crazy. But yeah, we got to use visions on Casa Blanco and with Stevie's blessing and bucket list, like Wow, This fake bucket list I keep making up.


Like I'll check that one off. You know? Did he want to hear it or, oh Yeah, yeah. He had it. So Emini here, we had to go through that process. But Did he love it? Did he give any creative input? He Just, we had creative input. 'cause I did curse in that song at some point in the bridge, but I, when I curse in music, it's for emphasis. So I think with this one I've taken it too far. Steve, Steve was like, nah, nah, nah, I Take this up. And he might have cursed during like, nah, fuck nothing. Like, no. He might have cursed trying to tell us not to curse. But it was necessary. I took it out. It made sense. I didn't have to wanted to in that emotional moment though, and did and maybe live Stevie with it.


I absolutely still sing that same line that I did. But yeah, it was a, it was a wonderful experience. Is Stevie FaceTime Zoom? What did he Do? I wanna say it was a phone call that I had and Dre had spoke to him also. So yeah. How involved is Dre? See we're just gonna let that one do this. Cool. How ain't slick I involved. You caught it. You caught it as long as you caught it. Oh absolutely. You caught it smooth too. I love it. You caught it Smooth FaceTime. No you didn't FaceTime. I love it. Cool. How involved is, is is Dre as far as creative direction and like just taking your input Oh, for this, this was a complete hand in hand, 50 50 Battle of the creative minds.


And his respect for me and my respect for him allowed us to really do this. And he's a genius. I'm me and he's, he said that I was a genius. You Are to me. What are you talking about? Which is, it's crazy to hear it from who I'm, I'm I'm looking at a genius and he's looking like, it's like the Spiderman meme. We're all doing this in the studio and he's like, yeah, I'm Dre And I do this thing, but I didn't tell Michael Jackson what to do.


I said, aha. You, you're absolutely right. I, I did that one. So there was just a respect level there. And he let me push boundaries in a way that I'd never done. One is Dre's budget and he's literally saying No limits. You can do whatever you want. If you had to make the perfect song and implement all of these things, what is that? Just do it. I didn't think that me having Wu-Tang, duke Ellington and Michael Jackson on one song was possible until we did it. I didn't know a Patrice Russian and a Mary j and Mary Jane Girls one song could happen.


But it did. And all of these things were happening because Dre said No Limits. Wow. And it's unreal. For real, for real. If I, if I'm honest, it's, I've never done anything like this. Like I've made music before. But with the, the creative freedom and no limits on it allowed me to do things that I'd never done ever.


And may never will. It might really truly be the one of one and I'd be okay with that. Damn. So you, you, you don't think you'd put out another album after this? It's not even another album. It's not another this, I'll create music for the rest of my life. Whatever that sounds like. Whatever that looks like. But this in its moment, it's like we can't recreate the timing of when these health scares happened, the desperation of what's happening with Planet Earth, the uncertainty of life and why we made this album. You know, we can only do celebrity like Happy to be alive albums after this, you know, everything else is kind of just, ah, but this album was made because we didn't think we'd ever get the chance to make one again.


How Was it when you played the record for Method Man During the Roots Picnic? I seen it on your, I like your ig. Most of my best friends standing behind me waiting to just hold him like fam, gimme a second method man. Please would you listen to my Emini here? He's a dream. I could still say that. I know I'm married. My husband knows what it is. Method man. So to play him, I remember when I was writing that moment in the song and the go outside and the rain sample is happening And I knew the beat was about to come in and I'm like, you've got that M-E-T-H-O-D man do that thing.


You do those hands kiss on this and make it dance. Take it baby giving you permission with persistence. O-I-L-O-V-E-I-T. And I can't get enough of this ocean flow below my legs. Swimming it go diving inside Inside my love babe. Love you babe. That's wet, right? Mm. That's the, that's wet ain't it? Yeah. That's the song right over there. The name of the song. What You All right, what's the name of the song? Crazy. It's okay. Do You see? You feel me? Like so to play it for him, fantasy bucket list.


You can't make up like this method man play Wet the Method man. And just to see him blush when the moment came in and Him do a little two step, Right, two step to that gimme all the audibles said he's gonna be the leading man in the video. Dope. And it's, you know, the mini ripton inside me at the end and it's just all the things. It was a fantasy. All of this feels very surreal. Like it's happening but it's happening in real time. Like I get to go, Hey Stevie, listen to what we did with your hey George Benson, here's Patrice Rushing Hiss married, here's Nas, his playing it.


Yeah, just, yeah. So Meth. Thank you meth. My leading man. I've got a couple more questions. You said you didn't tell Michael Jackson what to do or Dre didn't tell Michael Jackson what to do? Both Of Dre didn't. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. So he's saying basically his nod to me was, I'm Dre and I've made several other goats, but you know, I didn't tell Michael Jackson what to do. That was you. So it's, I'm coming to the room with something that he's never done. Wow. So don't devalue what it is with you in the room. And I, I get that and you have to understand the amount of people that have probably crossed paths and been in the studio with Dre and possibly gotten to a stage where they thought maybe a project is happening.


This part has barely happened for, like I said, that 5% is just the creating of the music. The actual artists that get to be at this part only happen if you are the five people that you can count six or seven maybe, but don't happen. So it was, it was that. It's, I'm one of one And I an MJ coachable What? Yes and wanted to be. Hmm Like I think that was the, I had a spoiled experience. I was just getting to, you know, Atlanta then get to Philly, get signed by the end of that year. Now I'm in the studio within less than a year of the time it took me to get to the States.


Then worked with Michael Jackson 'cause he's heard this demo and we were here in New York Hit factory and he was there two hours. Michael Jackson was there in the studio two hours before call time just warming up his vocal. He was that guy. Like he was great because he worked like unlike any other. And I'll never forget it, the first moment where he goes in the booth, like that glass behind there and it was, I'm at the mixing board and Bruce Sweetie Inc. Or rest his soul too.


Andre Harris is at the board. I have the talk back button and the first chord happens and Mike just whispers like butterflies. And I just started crying. Wow. Immediately just couldn't even hold it back. Was Justm in the studio. I'm 22, 23 at that time. Like those were my younger years, my formative years. And I'm doing this at that age. Wow. And then it was taught back one more time, Mike, get your timing right one more time Mike make sure you like vocally produce that entire song. But when I press play is only when I can hear the reality of that. 'cause it's seamless. There's nothing wrong with that song.


And he allowed me at my very young, naive, very green to everything industry. Not only do me retain all my publishing and flourish in that studio as a vocally, like as a vocal producer, producer and writer for that record. And Mike was just the king for all reasons. Can you take us back? How did he hear butterflies? How did he hear that reference track and said I wanted that? Well I'd written the song when I was about 16, 17 in Campbell, well South London, about a boy that worked at McDonald's.


I don't even know his name. I just knew that he was a neighbor's friend and he was fine as hell. He Gave you butterflies every time he went to McDonald's. What? Every time. So I recently put two and two together. I know I went To McDonald's giving you bubble goods though Then there's that. I wasn't eating McDonald's like that though. Okay. I never really ate Mac. Well I did kind of, but I was basketball back then so I was in athlete mode for sure. But Camberwell, the place that the McDonald's is in is called Butterfly Walk. Wow. And I never put that together until we recently went back and started taking pictures there And I was like, look at God. Yeah, look at that. So I end up writing this song, get to Philadelphia, year 2000. That's a couple years after that meet the team at a touch of jazz.


One producer in particular, Andre Harris who'd done two of my favorite Jill Scott songs. Long Walk and The Way. And I was like, who did those two? Oh that's, that's Dre, that's Andre. I was like, I want parts. So within a week Andre Harris and myself had recorded Say Yes and Butterflies together. So Say Yes was for Ron Isley. So we did that demo together and that was with the intent that Ron Isley was gonna do say Yes for his album. He just didn't take it. Rest is history. And then butterflies a few days after that, five or so in the morning, six or so in the morning, play the chords and like Dre, slow those down, yada yada yada.


And butterflies happens. And John McLean, who ended up signing Flory to Dreamworks was Michael Jackson's personal manager. So he has the demo plays it for Mike said, listen, you have to listen to these girls, listen to this demo. And Mike was like, I want that one just butterflies Mike. You can have the entire album If you want It, it's yours. I don't have to do another thing. And that's how we heard it. We got the call in Philly at a touch of jazz. Everyone thought it was a prank call. Went to voicemail the first time. And then I think Jeff spoke to him, or Carvin spoke to, I think Carvin said he spoke to him and he thought it was Dre messing around on, we were practical jokers back in the day.


And Mike, you don't really know, you think you know his voice. Mike had a deeper raspier voice And I think he only used a higher tone just to preserve his greatness. Like he didn't want to use or project. He was only using that for the booth or the stage and that's it. So by the time we spoken to him, this is the summer of 2000, I was in the studio with him in New York the following year. Wow. In March. So it's like that quick. Wow. Now you also mentioned Flory fans will always, what, what will Flory ever do an album together again or that chapter of your life is over? Who knows? No chapters are closed. And I think rewinding to what you said about, you know, when I met my husband, I did a flow tree tour 20 15, 20 16.


And that's when I met him and then got pregnant the following year on the other tour. So it was like a back to back, hey reunion, it's all love. And yeah, who knows. Now also I seen Amanda Seals was on club, she, she and talks about, she said that she thinks you wanted her to quit Flory Is was that true? It's a loaded question. Quit Flory is is is very vague what was happening with Amanda Seals. And this is what, because I wanna spend a lot of time in this, this is like a quick bit. When did we last do The Breakfast Club? Because this is like seven, I Think eight, nine years ago came up or 2018. Yeah. So yeah, initially my, the first thing I said about Amanda Seals is, sorry, like I can play the clip, you can go to YouTube and see it.


And it was, she was put in a position that she shouldn't have been in in the first place. The label and management of trying to reestablish what that was and it just didn't work. So by the time we've put all of these things into action, we've rehearsed a show and you've given it to the public, everyone has gone, oh nah. And there's nothing I can do about that part. And this is also 17 years ago, three weeks of a summer tour. We may have done like 15 or 16 shows and it just didn't work out. And that was the end of that really. But we've had nothing. But for me, and I'm saying like I, well for me, we'd had nothing but positive interactions thereafter.


Like I saw her 2013, we took pictures together, we reminisced and she'd been texting me throughout the years after that. Nothing but positive vibes. So I'm in a good space right now, 17 years later. So for whatever she believes that was, I don't think publicly we can do this combative. Well you said this happened or I said this happened. I know exactly what happened on my end, but you know, it's kind of 17 years ago. I've done all this healing between now and then. I'm not the same like 17 years ago, 2007.


I'm still talking to Michael Jackson at that point. I've still got prints on speed dial. Like I was still very much Grammy winning. Grammy nominated me that was in a position to do what I wanted to do at that point moving forward. And here we are 17 years later and I'm still moving on and moving forward and Casa Blanco with Dr. Dre's about to drop and just in a different space, you know, On the song Greedy. It makes me wonder, does your husband ever hear certain lyrics and be like, you talking about us? 'cause you say it's never enough to love you. Same old, lame old. Ain't no way I'm ever gonna take that shit.


I'm giving you everything. And it's the thinks I get Don't play that shit. Hmm. Even if it was greedy during that time and even during the creative process of Casa Blanco, my husband And I had a conversation about where I was at mentally to create the actual, basically he said I didn't have to be married Marsh and come from that space. Mm. And I understood what he said when he said that.


'cause the love songs are different if I'm attached to the relationship I'm in and having to kind of skirt around what that looks like. Those songs sound like Don't Wake the baby or just like old times and they're different with this. It was, you need to stretch that pen and write from a space of you doing you and what does that sound like? So by the time I got to greedy, I was angry at The World. Like it's never enough to love anyone or anything. And then be satisfied in a way that you feel like you put your a hundred in and they only claim it's 30%.


So I could give you the moon. And it's like, well where the sun at? Like it's the moon family, you don't want, you know? And I feel like greedy. I was talking about everyone. It wasn't even just about him. It was everyone and everything playing this tug of war of if you are not next to me, you feel as though you're missing out on something that you only gain by being with me or taking something from me. I'm like, well what's the end game? Like, what exactly do you want? 'cause you're really upset. Like you mad as fuck that you not around me like that.


Greedy. Mm. I love that song On music on my Mind. You said it's a w, it's that Wu-Tang meets Coltrane. And what I love about that is like what I told you earlier, it's like you're putting hip hop on this proper p pedestal of being like a classic musical art form. Was that intentional throughout the project? Maybe not intentional, but my affinity and adoration for hip hop has stemmed from me knowing all the words to Beach Street breaking, like being overseas, getting all of these imported hip hop 12 inch records from my uncle and Hip Up You The love of my life.


And I feel like on this album it only made sense that I made sure that that last music on my mind was my love letter to music And I couldn't fit everything in. So I just gave you the bullet points of what those errors and times. So yeah, Wu Tang get to shout out. I even shouted out Mace and Cam before I even know they would reunite. This is 2021. I'm calling this out And I know what horse and carriage did for me in the night. You know, so it was all of these small nerds. Two things. And this is in the same breath I'm saying, you know, MJ j Dilla, Marcus Miller, murder, Mac scam killer, Ms. Petty, Bunka, delic, George Clinton.


And I even shout out Luke Skywalker. Just things that I've loved over the course of my life and if that were my last speech to Planet Earth, like it's been real. This was it. That's what music in my mind in that last statement was. The last thing that I say is DRE, that mamba mentality. The game winning shut for the three. Kobe, Kobe Swish. It's good. Great way to end the project. That's right. Great. Fantastic album Comes out next Friday, June 28th.


Oh my goodness. When you say it out loud it's real. That's right. Next Friday. Oh man. Listen. Well What do you want to hear off the album? Do I wanna hear? That's you gonna allow us to play? 'cause we gotta get it from you guys. Ooh. But we have it. But Might be wet. Wet might be Self Care. Wrong Riot. You could thrill has You could do both. We Could do Both. Thrill has a thing though. That thing is a story. We ain't got enough time for three, but we got two. We You it's it's pick one like you tell us Wet. We literally used to be do at the board like, okay, what we saying Thrill her wet. Good. Okay, cool. Thrill her and wet.


Let's do it. Alright, we'll get that on. Thank you so much for joining us. The album Casa Blanco comes out next Friday. Today the track listing is released, so you guys can check that out. And we appreciate you for spending it with us today. Thank You so much for having me. There you go. Appreciate y'all. It's Marsha Ambrosius, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne to God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber team. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today, available in select locations. See app for details.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.