
I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody you Hear that if you don't lie about that. Right? Lauren came in hot All. Clap it up. Clap it up. Get the energy going. By the time we do this, it's been a full day. And whenever y'all see us in here, that means we are still at the radio station. Mm. We got Brandon with me today. It's nice to be back. Thank you for inviting me back. So I'm Lauren La Rosa. This is the latest with Lauren la This is your daily dig on everything. Pop culture and all of the conversations that shake the room. I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody. Alright, so y'all know we check in before we get to anything because when you grinding somebody gotta ask you how are you feeling?


How you doing? But for real. So Brandon, how you feeling Back on the grind? Grinding. I'm feeling I'm doing the best I can, what I got, but yeah, no. Well this weekend was amazing. Weekend we celebrated my boy's birthday in, in Houston. Unfortunately my flight got delayed like four hours Going there or coming Back. Coming back. Sorry. Coming back. Okay. So I landed at like 2:00 AM I had to wake up of course at 4:00 AM for work to get here at five. Okay. It was hot as hell on that plane. I was on a plane field like you ever been on a plane and you felt like they was driving too fast? I feel like he was hitting curves and was shaking. I was like, yo, what Airline did You fly? United. Oh, okay. United. I was like, yo, please slow down.


I'm panicking. And It was no air conditioning. No, it was hot. My chest was sweating. That Sound like a tariff ticket to me. Something ain. Something ain't right. Something ain't right. Yeah. Well, we're glad you're back. Thank you. Thank you. From Houston, I'm also, I feel like I'm feeling better from the coming back Monday from the podcast festival, but I still feel like I need a little bit more sleep. Like Wednesday. I'm gonna be fully out of the, oh my god, this was a long weekend. Yeah. So it's probably gonna take you until like Thursday than you'd be back outside Friday. Yeah, I was, I was my best self out there, you know. So your best self. Yeah, but I'm, I'll leave it there. But Your best self, But yes, I love Houston. All right y'all, so let's get to the latest because y'all know I love to take y'all to court.


Love to take y'all to court. But today, an exclusive interview. This literally just happened moments before, not even before we were recording. It happened. The moment that we press record to start the podcast, I had reached out and if you guys watch Breakfast Club, I told you on yesterday's episode of The Breakfast Club about a lawsuit. Misa Hilton, who is the mother of Diddy, Sean Combs son, Christian Combs, is suing her long, long, long, long, long, long, long time. Best friend Mary j Blige, y'all know Mary j Blige. And y'all know, on top of being like, you know, r and b Singer Mary Go Mary, go Mary.


She's also super, super close with Puff. They all came up together. Misa, you know, is respect the architect. Misa was the stylist. She was putting the looks together for Mary Kim. All the girls, you know, in that orbit. Mary j Bli is the artist under Puff. It was like the dream team. Their relationship began in the early nine. She began styling her in the early nineties and it's been, you know, fricking frack ever since. So when this lawsuit dropped today, I'm not even gonna hold you shout out to grouchy Greg at all hip hop, but I thought, I'm like, yo, it's no way they have to have this story wrong. Like there is no way that Misa Hilton is suing Mary j Blige like at all.


But they had it right. And I, I, you know, I did talk to them as well on some of the coverage they did and we talked about that on The Breakfast Club. But before background really quickly, because we were able to talk to the attorney for Misa Hilton, his name is Nicholas Shrimp Shaar. And he is representing Misa Hilton in this lawsuit. So he gave us, you know, some, some exclusive details on like when the, the friendship and when things fell apart. We're gonna get to that. But I want you guys to understand what's happening here. So in this lawsuit, Misa Hilton and her company are alleging that Mary j Blige and Mary j Blige company tried to block Misa out of an artist deal that they had together New York rapper Vado speaking in tongues.


He's in the middle of this. So basically Misa Hilton in these documents is alleging that she was said manager for Vado. She was receiving 20% off of his bookings and things like that. Mary j Blige and her company allegedly were the label and they were the way that his music was getting out and they were platforming him because she is Mary j Blige. So he's, you know, according to these docs, you know, doing bookings through Via, you know, being around Mary on tour with Mary, things of that nature. I know that I saw a song they did together sometime back. That's how I even knew that he was signed to her. Yeah, basically Misa is like, look, when that whole business thing was going down, allegedly Mary j Blige tried to block me out. It got to the point where Mary j Blige allegedly and her boyfriend, who was also the head of her security, were coming to Vato behind me's back according to me in these docs and basically telling Vato, yo, if you come over here with just us and leave her as management, you, we can get you more money.


But on top of that, Misa Hilton also alleges that Mary j Blige shelved Vlado Vatos music. So he has a current project and some songs that he's been wanting to put out. And according to Misa Hilton and some of the, you know, conversations that they put in these documents, it's alleged that Mary j Blige is like, I'm not releasing no music. Not only is she not releasing music, not only is she no longer platforming him and you know, not allowing any bookings that would've come through her to happen. But Misa Hilton is also alleging that there would be things like they would do, like yacht parties and just different gatherings where it would be very intimate and conversations would be flowing about Vato having to leave Misa in order to move forward in a strong way with Mary j Blige and her boyfriend and Misa wouldn't even be invited to these things.


Mm. Right. And this is her friend, this her, this her friend friend. It's her sister more so I was kind of feeling like, yo, this must be a, like a a a fake AI situation. Yeah. Because I don't know what the play is because Vato no shade to Vato, but Vato and his career and the conversation about what's happening versus what's not happening for either ladies in this situation when it comes to his career, it's no way near bigger than the history that they've done together. Yeah. And he's just not like the most active, you know, rapper right now. So it's interesting that like to take this, this route with the, with the Relationship. Well we are gonna find out because we spoke to Nick Char Charar. Okay, listen, we spoke to Nick, who is Misa Hilton's attorney, and we asked those questions, he gave us the rundown.


So take a listen to this. Okay. So we are on the line with Nicholas Rim Charar, who is the attorney for Misa Hilton in the filing that dropped today. Misa Hilton is currently suing Mary j Blige for $5 million for a breach of contract when it comes to music artist Vato, who both at the time were working with Vato Misa was on the management side, and then Mary j Blige and her company came in on the record label side and distribution of music side. Correct? Absolutely. That's correct. So when I got the filing, first of all, before we even get into like what is being alleged, when I got the filing and saw the headline, my first thought was the, it is no way Misa Hilton and Mary j Blige are like family.


They have been that way for decades now. Like since before I was even born and I'm 33 years old, what happened? When did the friendship die out? Emini Here. That's, that's, that's a fact. Emini here. That's a fact that The World knows. And it was the fact that I knew before this came across our table, unfortunately, and you're right, Misa Hilton and Mary j Blige, they're not just friends, they're non-biological family, probably closer than blood family and is very unfortunate that this had to go down like this because Misa tried every possible avenue in terms of trying to amicably resolve this with Mary directly with Mary's camp. But unfortunately, and it's unbeknownst to us why Mary j Blige and why her camp completely cut off.


You know, Ms. Hilton And I can tell you that this Vado lawsuit isn't why their friendship died. And I'm sure you know that. But more importantly, it's, it's the reason, or really the cherry on top of this whole thing. Me's me's confused and, and we've tried, me's tried to reach out to Mary. We did not want this in the media. We wanted to, we wanted to do what families do. We wanted to sit at the dinner table, we wanted to talk this out, hash this out, scream and yell if you have to, but keep this private. That's what family does. But unfortunately, Misa was backed into the corner and had no other choice. When you say that the cutoff happened and Misa iss confused about it 'cause she doesn't know why, she just stopped receiving phone calls and texts.


So when did that allegedly happen? It's A good question. Emini here. It's hard to really pinpoint a timeframe. I would, I would probably point to maybe around the Super Bowl of when this all started, probably roughly around around, I would say maybe late August of, of probably last year when all of this kind of started to pop off. Mary was, was with Misa in the Amalfi coast for an extended period of time. They were together, they would've a great time and their friendship was the same as it as it always was. Fortunately at that point, moving forward, things started to take a turn for the worst. And again, it was a little am ambiguous as to why. So Mary just thought, excuse me, Misa just thought that Mary May have been busy or, you know, there were other things going on and that's why maybe she couldn't reach out Emini here Mary is a wonderful person and a very busy, a very busy artist.


So it made sense. But when Misa stopped getting phone calls and text messages and not being included on the normal things that they do on a daily, weekly, monthly basis, you know, it, her antennas went up and we tried to figure out, well, what's going on here? And that's really when we started to figure out that the re the relationship was the same. And you mentioned that there was a correspondence before this lawsuit was filed. So you guys tried to go to Mary j and what Mary j Blige and do what? Settle or just tell her to, you know what Emini here, like the things you're alleging in a lawsuit is that Mary j Blige and her company allegedly block, they're blocking vado from money and advancement in his career. So they're not providing him with bookings and allowing him to release certain music.


They're misrepresenting him, allegedly by, you know, showing up to places and saying they're their manager and not including me on any of this Based on your documents. Right. So before it got to this point where you're saying that this is happening, how much correspondence and what, what did you guys want out of that correspondence? That's a good question. So the first, the first thing that we always do in situations like this is we'll send over a letter what we call an LOIA letter of intent. Before we did that though, what we did was we reached out personally, I reached out to her legal team, we know who they are and we tried via email, via text message, whatever phone numbers we can get from other people in our orbit in the industry.


And we got absolutely zero response. Misa tried to reach out personally to Mary a few times, and unfortunately she got zero response. And the way that we wanted to do this was yes, in terms of a settlement Emini here, let's be honest here, Vado, I understand that maybe in 2025 and on whatever day today is April 29th, 2025, that maybe he's not as relevant as he was prior. But let's be honest, he's not signed to an independent, independent label. He signs a Mary J bbl being on tour with Mary for any artist is not just epic, but huge boost for their career. And that's one of the main parts of this lawsuit.


Not the whole thing, but a main part is that why would she stifle her own artist? And in fact, from what I understand, the allegations go as far as that they told allegedly Misa, well, if you stop managing him, then we'll put him back on, which is a complete material breach of the contract. And again, we we found that very strange because of their longstanding family relationship. So we were reaching out with the hopes that, hey, listen, let's just settle this, let's just figure this out. More importantly, the one who's suffering here, besides Me's relationship with her sister, is va Unfortunately, what is he doing? His entire career has now been stifled.


He has no exposure. He is not on tour with Mary, he's not getting paid by Mary, he's not recording anything that was, he was ly obligated to record. And so it's, it's terrible for him and his career. And what about today's the 29th? It's 1:20 PM so it's in the process of happening, but she's aware that the lawsuit is filed, but Emini here, even before the headlines, right or wrong, A hundred percent Emini here. Her, I, I believe that her camp and her team were aware for this for months and they had our letter of intent and no one bothered to reach out. Got you. Okay. Brandon, you got any questions? Yeah, so from my understanding, she was pretty much trying to box Misa out and so she can manage a bottle herself, correct.


And take a bigger portion of the prophets allegedly, allegedly S That key word. Allegedly. Allegedly. That that is what we're, those are the allegations that, that we're putting forth. Now listen again guys, this is Mary j Blige. Do I think that this contract with Vado is gonna make a rich or make a poor? No, and that was really what kind of perked up everybody's ears on Mica's camp was that we know this isn't about Vado, even though it is directly about Vado, this is more to do with Misa Hilton and whatever reasons and deterioration of the relationship happened. Mm. And the reasons as, as for why, but yes, Vado is obviously directly in the middle of this.


But again, I, I wouldn't say that Mary did this for monetary purposes. I believe there were other issues again that are either unresolved or unknown to us as to why she put the pressure on me. So to box her out? Yeah. Like what happened that you said they were wearing on the, on the Amfi coast There, there were, there were on, in the Amfi coast. They were hanging out just like they Always do, getting money. What the hell did Coach do to the friend group? Yeah, right. I I heard the girl's not making it back from Miami as friends, but Mafi coast is a little crazy now. It's a little crazy, a little crazy. But no, I, I know they had a wonderful time together, Emini here, there was no issues then. I was speaking, I was speaking with Misa while she was with Marian, you know, they just had the wonderful relationship that they always had and it really was a beautiful thing.


And it's really, it's really more sad for Misa that she had to go down this road, but more sad that, that she lost her sister. How's Misa feeling today with the lawsuit, you know, being picked up in headlines And I you said you, she's been going through this for some months. She also has a lot of other things going on. You know, puff, her child's father is currently locked up. She's watching her kids go back and forth to try and, you know, fight for their dad. How's she feeling right now? Absolutely. Emini here. She's upset there. There's a lot going on Emini here. Listen, at the end of the day, you know, Sean Combs and what's going on with him, it's unfortunate, but it affects everybody. You know, me is a wonderful woman. You know, Sean's kids are wonderful, wonderful kids. I, I can't say more about them.


They, they really were raised as gentlemen And I deal with them on a, on a consistent basis, but she's upset. And again, she's more upset of the relationship. It's like, it's like all of a sudden you have a sister that you've been with forever and 40 years later, all of a sudden your sister stops talking to you and you have no reason why it's gonna be upsetting on, on all sorts of different levels. Yeah. We've been talking about the relationship. So is their business with Vado the only business ties they have together at the moment? Oh, that's a good question. To the best of my knowledge, I'm not involved with any other business transactions between Misa Hilton and Miss Mary j Blige at this time. So I can only comment on this. Okay. And then how did Misa find out about all of the, like the alleged backdooring that was, that you guys are alleging was happening from Mary J's and did Vato come to her or, I believe it was more of a collective conversation and a collective effort that kind of, it was just a bunch of random puzzle pieces out there and we're trying to put 'em all together and figure out, wait a minute, why is this happening?


Gotcha. Is, is Mary j is Mary just busy? Is is, are they just not pursuing the Vato contract anymore? But it came readily apparent as time went on that that Misa was purposely getting boxed out and unfortunately that was directly affecting Vato and his, his contractual relationship with Mary j Blush. Got you. Well, I don't, I don't know if there's anything that we have not asked you that, you know, you wanna get out or Misa wants out now, but if so, now's the time. Let me know. 'cause I'm, I'm all outta questions. I think you've provided a lot of context. I appreciate that. Listen, it's, it's my pleasure. The one thing that we wanna put out there is that this is not something that we wanted to happen. This is a relationship that was a beautiful relationship between Ms.


Hilton and Ms. Mary j Blige. And unfortunately it's come to this point, Emini here. We hope that this can be resolved in an amicable fashion and that we hope that they will understand where we're coming from. This is not coming from Lisa Hilton aggressively. In fact, even though a lawsuit is a very aggressive way to deal with something, we tried our best, we tried to do everything that we could to put it out there and unfortunately through our best efforts they were not met. And here we are. Okay, well thank you so much. I'll be in contact. First of all, I just appreciate attorneys who are always down to provide context because it helps to paint a picture of a narrative, but he sound just as confused and Misa.


Yeah. Nick Mesa's attorney and Misa Hilton sound just as confused about what happened as we did. We Do. Yeah. One thing that stood out to me was him talking about how Misa is taking every other route besides suing her. And like we said, we're all surprised, like why did Misa sue marry if they're that close? But she's, it sounds like she's tried everything and it's just always tough. I don't know if you've tried it, like just doing business with friends and stuff like that. I don there's always, always that teetering between friendship and, and business. And business and like you could love somebody, like I said, they were just on a trip. You could love somebody to death, but sometimes the business you want it kind of done your way Right. You know, or what you feel is the right way. So it's always tough to like put that aside. Right. Especially like how much energy you dedicate to something.


So I know that's a tough situation they're in right now. I think too. Well for me, when it comes to doing business with friends, what I've learned is, is like you, I said I don't, but that's not true. I do and you can, but you gotta like, I like you just approach it and stand off a bit differently. Like I would rather be like an investor in something that my friend is doing versus like an active not silent partner because partner, okay, you know what Emini here coming to heads about things or if I have a friend that like, you know, I decide like works for me, it's like I put them in a position where I can't empower them. But like I also have to know, you know your friends as well too. Yeah. I also have to know that this friend is a friend that like really wants to do the job, is willing to learn so that when I come to them like, yo, that's not right.


You did it wrong, blah, blah blah. Like, you know what Emini here, they're not taking it personal. It don't make it weird for us. It's like, no, I'm here to learn type of vibe. But I just, another thing for me is how do they come out of this? Yeah. That's why I want to ask you, how do you, how would you handle business that has gone wrong with somebody very close to you? Like what would you do? Would you scrap the business and say the friendship or take this route on, you know what like let me, I have to take her to court because this, we have paperwork and all this stuff. Like what, what route would you take Emini here? Those are not the only two routes, but listen, I don't blame Misa Hill for handling her business in court if she felt like that's what she needed to do. But I think for me, I would just, I, I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't go this route. I wouldn't file a lawsuit. Not because it's like, oh my god girl that was supposed to be your friend.


But just because it's like I heard, I heard I hear you right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see what you're doing. I'm cool. I'm, I'm here. Look, Rado look go ahead. Go be managed. Yeah. Like it's not worth the headache for me. Yeah. And we don't know everything that happened here. Yeah. I have reached out to Mary j Blige side. I have not heard back from them yet. And I've also reached out to Vado as well now too. We gotta get some more like you know, painting on the, or color on the paintings of our context. But from what it seems like Misa was expecting certain things of her friend in business. Mm. And didn't get it. And because of that and you know in real time they're losing money. Yeah. Because of these things that they set up for this artist to be able to do.


She decided to do a lawsuit. So we just gonna have to see where it flows. See where it goes. Yeah. Emini here. I hope they can make up and you know, handle this amicably. So I'm wishing them the best For sure. Who you telling now? Taking it to the streets. 'cause y'all know we be outside. We be outside you for the tweets. We outside, we outside, we outside outside. Every other page are gold to the tweets. So Philip Lewis who works for Huffington Post, so Philip Lewis who works for Huffington Post, he's the deputy editor over there. He tweeted out the lawsuit and he said Sila stylists Misa Hilton is suing Mary j Blige for allegedly refusing to drop rap Bravados completed album until he cuts sides with the fashion professional.


Now this the Twitter, you know, comments are going to Twitter. So somebody responded and said Dominique Korn, I am Dominique Korn said Mary j Blige trying to tell a person from Harlem to cut ties with Misa Hilton. 'cause Vados from Harlem is like telling Max B, telling the Max B fan to stop thinking he's coming home soon. Oh shit. That is a very New York, New Jersey tweet. Yeah, it's like you very specific. Yeah. Like you gotta understand I'm not even from here but I have so many friends from New York And I also have a lot of friends from Harlem And I just know how particular people are about being from Harlem and about Misa And I know how particular New York people are very delusional about Max B. Yeah, y'all Max B been home.


Oh the wave been home and free for a long time if we need get up to y'all, y'all keep doing songs with 'em. Yeah. I don give you a verse on with the quickness. Okay. Quinn Foz said, so basically allegedly Mary is doing the same thing that Puff did to her. This is whack of her and she's done some whack things that people dismiss because she's Mary what Mary then did. That's whack. I don't know nothing that Mary has done. That's whack. Yeah. Emini here. Emini here. I hope you they don't misconstrue this but she seems to be the victim in a lot of things that happened her in life. No, for real. Yeah. Her divorce, like it's right, She's still peeing at me. Yeah, yeah. That's rough. She Was just on stage talking about how the men don't be worth her time and she and She gotta work hard.


Yo she's like doing so much everything About Mary be giving all my life I had to fight And I hate that for her. Yes. I really always looked at Mary like she is the like literally like the, like the, the architect of the hip hop RB wave. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like she deserves to enjoy her money and her time and it seems like she's always just having to carry this, this way of things. Some, some shout And maybe, maybe it's, Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's 'cause her music feels like that too. I'll do one more. So Rod Wayne said it tweeted Mary don't need any more Ls in the courtroom. Please work this out. I think what Rod is referring to is the divorce with Mary j Blige, it's ex-husband where it, she had to pay him all that money.


30 KA month. $30,000 a month in spousal support was the ruling. This was significantly less than the $129,000 that he actually requested. Additionally, Blige was ordered to cover Isaac's legal fees, which totaled in $235,000 and she had to pay retroactive spousal support. So she had to pay spousal for spousal support for the time before the, the time before the judge awarded him this. Like from Yeah This is, listen, I'm from Mangan alimony as well, but this is, this is that I I, this is a bias depending on who it's too, I don't like this happening to Mary at all.


I Don't either. So I hope they figure it out. But in the meantime, until they don't, y'all know we'll be right here giving you the latest because that's just what I do. You know what I'm saying? Thank you guys for tuning in. Brandon, thank you for joining me. Thank you for having me on again. You gonna Be Back? I'll be back. Yeah, I'll be back. Yeah. As long as you'll have me, I'll be back. Thank you for joining me. Brandon will be back y'all. And I appreciate you guys. At the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about And I tell y'all every single time how much I appreciate you for being right here with me to talk about it. 'cause y'all could be anywhere listening to anybody. But you're right here with the latest. With Lauren La Rosa. I'm your host, Lauren La Rosa. And I will see you guys in my next episode.


I.