
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


This Christmas. So You're her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. I'm Claressa Shields my baby. Going To the living. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout crowd pleaser. I'm been trained for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life for this. The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story, Brady PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day


With the football season kicking off, it's the perfect time to dive into the action with my partners at DraftKings. The number one place to bet on touchdowns. And right now all new customers who bet just $5 will instantly get $250 in bonus bets. Plus get one month of NFL plus premium. That's something we can all celebrate, right? Alright, now download the Draftking Sportsbook app and sign up using my promo code TBC. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings daily fantasy and have the shot to win cash prizes. So right now download the DraftKings Sports Book app and new customers. Use my promo code TBC and BET just $5 on any wager and get $250 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at DraftKings. Sportsbook the crown is yours.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ and v, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out today. That's right. She's on maternity leave. So Lauren la Congratulations. Morning. And we got some special guests in the building. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Will Packer. That's right. What's happening? And we have Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart, He's Here. Kevin Hart That Too loud for you. So Kevin was supposed to be here early. Can I, Can I tell you the irony of this? Right? Kevs hung over right now. But if you read the first chapter in Will Packer's book, he has a chapter called We Gonna Die Tonight. Right?


It's true. And it's Essentially this story. This is what you were worried about. Will, this is what you were concerned About. Listen brother. He almost ruined both our careers. Yes. This is not, this is not the first time. It's not the first time. Listen. See the the difference is that Kevin is at a point now he can get away with the shit. Yes. You know what I'm saying? He's Kevin Hart. Right. So, you know, people will just wait and bend over backwards and all that. There was a time when it was the biggest movie of both of our careers, it was ride along. He was hung over with Ice Cube. He was absolutely ride along with Ice Cube. And we had done thing like a man that was the one that really kind of counter deposed Kevin. Right? And everybody was like, okay, what's he gonna do next? Like what? What are they gonna do next? So this was the ones, the biggest budget of our careers.


Everything. And Kevin, did I lie to you? You remember what Happened? Did I lie to you? You did Lie. Did I lie to you? You Absolutely lied. Did we? Did we get what we were supposed to get? And did we get back to where we were supposed to be Barely so envy we or were Shooting? Did we get back to where we were supposed to be? We barely got back. Kevin, I'm saying your story. Why? Why you bitch all the time You see this, this is people wanna know what a producer does, right? Right. They ask me, this is what a producer does. You see this? You see him smelling the coffee, you see him trying, trying to get oxygen in his veins. He trying to come back to life. Come on. This is what it looks like. So Kevin was supposed to be, y'all was supposed to be here three hours earlier, four hours earlier. Oh boy.


What's your issue? Well first of all, Tell me, Tell me why the people on radio need to know that it Is radio. So You Say they need a fucking breakdown. It be four hours early and they said Kev can't make it 'cause he's sick. And we all said bullshit. He was drunk 'cause he went out last night. I did not go out last night. So let's, let's Correct. That's actually true. Did not go out last night. By the way. I do not go out. I'm 45 years old. I don't go to fucking clubs. I don't go to parties. I was working. I did promo. I seen you brought In Vegas. I out. It's my weekend. I own the fucking weekend And I have to show face Your Kev. I have to be there. Okay, Charlotte, Don. Don't hype him up. Charlotte. When's my weekend?


I gotta fucking be there. You're not helping. We we at clubs. I gotta show face. I'm the brand. So you do go to the club? No. Well, yes. No, on all seriousness. So last night, you know we're doing promo and everything for Fight Night, we're rolling out all of the carpet of the carpets. So before the actual premiere. Premiere we announced it. But I had to leave 'cause I had to do Seth Meyers. Yeah. And Seth Meyers has a segment called Drinking with Seth. And you, you go to a bar and Seth makes these drinks or whatever and it's like, you know, for hour and a half to two hours you're drinking throughout the interview.


What Could go wrong with that? And You know, I don't drink anything outside of my fucking tequila at this point in my life. So, you know, grand Carino, anything else great tequila by anything else I'm very unfamiliar with. And Seth said, let's close it out with your tequila, but let's start it with everything. So he threw it all at me. Like I'm talking with it's he Jaga mester and Wild Turkey Emini here. We were brown, we were dark Kevin, you too old. You too old to mix mixed stuff. But Can no is a complete Sentence. You can, but you have to understand the beauty of good television. And it was a good conversation, great interview. And while we're drinking for good reason behind the answers and we, we finished it with the tequila, we went through a lot And I, I just don't remember the the back half of the the time.


And that's why I didn't show up to the after party. Right. I missed that. Right. And this morning at 6:00 AM I would've been here bro. Why couldn't You miss the after party after the garden that night? So y'all could have just got back to, you know, Atlanta after. Because we Weren't drinking. That's why I don't understand why he's being a bitch. Like we get Out. It was our muck. We weren't fucked up. Like, Oh man, where's my jacket? We weren't just out. I had a show. Get Back Guys. The biggest movie of our career. Okay, where's a tampon? And he leaves Jesus Christ books a show at Madison Square Garden. He tapes a comedy special in the middle of our movie. And I tour while filming a movie. Faithfully. He does. Which is not a good thing. Boys and girls.


Like when you looking at how to be successful, like don't overbook yourself. That one thing about my friend here, right? Do it opposite because I'm A bad example. Nobody's gonna overwork him. I'm a bad example. Don't do what Kevin Hart did. Look at his career. He's been doing it wrong this Whole time. It's the stupidest shit I've ever Heard of. Oh, I'm Sorry kids Kevin book The fucking Loud showing Madison Square Garden, take the special and got to work and on time for the biggest movie of his career At that moment. I was gonna say, people that are listening know it's 'cause you have people around you who will save you. You have folks that will save it and that's what happened.


He booked it. It's not wrong. Right? And so he left the show in the middle of it, right? Biggest move for Universe Studios, he leaves. But you know what he does? Because this is the evil genius of Kevin Hart. He goes, Hey man, I gotta do this show. It's next week. You know, come with me. He tells me a week before he goes, you know what you and Tim story, the director on bring on, come on. Like, he's like, I got the jet. You know what? Bring the wire, bring the wine, the so my dumb ass. I'm like, you know what, he brought the wide and you know what he said? He said, that way you can make sure that we get back on time. Because I knew we had to shoot the next day. So we were shooting one day. He's gonna go do the show that night and then we had to shoot the next morning on a location. We could only get that day. You know what it's called?


He's like, come with me. The, That's called driver's an alibi. So to get He's Absolutely right. Absolutely right. That's a lie. He's absolutely right. Can't think I'm professional. 'cause the director and a producer were with me. You can't think I'm an asshole. They would beat an asshole. Cut to Kevin has an amazing show at Madison Square Guard. All the celebs come out afterwards. We had an after party that he did not tell me about. I'm in there with Carmelo Anthony buying bottles going, oh we dying tonight. Why we turning up tonight? Why wars have power? Why are we gonna die tonight? This is what, well, we gonna die tonight means we're having a good time. If you are choosing to die over life. How good of a time is that?


Huh? Last night I didn't say we gonna die tonight. And I was like, oh, this Is work. When I was in that club And I saw my career flashing before my eyes. 'cause I realized there was no way we gonna be able to get back in time. I had that moment. 'cause I'm sitting there looking at Kev And I realized we're not gonna make it. And Kev looks at me, he goes, well we tried. We tried that was it Remember in Usual Suspects when he realized that Kaiser Soze was sitting in front of him the whole time? Yep. I looked at Kevin Hart And I realized that he had convinced me, the producer and director of the movie, to get on a jet with him. So that when Universal called and said, why are y'all over budget and not able to finish the movie? And they say, well Kevin Hart, will, packer and Tim story were there. So the producer went with him, it would be on me.


I was complicit. I realized that was his evil plan all in. He Called him a diabolical rascal spawn of Satan. Yeah, that's true By way. And he means that that's s that the sad He means that I love him. But that's true. Or words never spoken, sir. Oh man. I'll, I'll ask you and your listeners what is a life without a great story? It's something that can't be talked about. It's untold. A life without stories is nothing. You need fucking stories. That's right. Good and the bad. He's bitching about a great story. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And by the way, that story did what amplified our relationship. And look at where we are now. Fight Night. Huh? We're talking about something else that we are yet in business and we produced and develop together.


Do we get here without that moment? No, we do not. So why did you still want to be his friend after that? After you figured that out, you could have said, you know what? This relationship no longer Happens. See what I'm saying? But you decided to jump back. You need me, you need, you Need a little Envy. I'm so afraid that if I leave Kevin Hart's life, he'll just implode. Right? He just burn up on the spot. I just don't know what he'd do without me. I'll be Honest with you. It's close to being over. It's ghost, Isn't it? About you two That works so well because even like just hear with you guys in person, it's like I could, I could listen to this back and forth all day long. Like what do you Think it is? Real talk. We're each other's most frequent collaborators. Kevin done a ton of movies. I've done a ton of movies, TV projects.


We haven't worked with anybody else more than we've worked with each other. I'll give you, I'll give will this on air and half of it is because I'm still drunk and drunk by the way, off of some of the best fucking tequila in the market. No, that's not me in, this Is not a commercial. But it's just a time to let people know. Nice little Beside when It comes to smooth taste and it comes to it elegant, Hard work, taste, different Product. Well you gotta understand what and why. Grain Corino is that and has been that, which is why drinking at the level that I do. But it's not about that right now. It's not about the product, it's about the passion. And let's get to that and we'll toast it that after with Grand Corino. But I will say this about Will, I don't say it enough and people don't understand it And I think they should.


I, I don't get to where I got in career or business without the information and relationship of Will Packer. You know what Emini here, like when it came to producing and when it came to development or it came to packaging, will Packer is the guy that was the definition of what that was. So from the early days of Think Like a man, he was the producer that came to me and said, Hey, I got this thing. I'm gonna do this thing. And I think you are the guy. And those are words. Words without action are just that. He put action behind the words. Everything he said he would do, he did. He got the people he wr wrangled, the directors, the actors, the actresses, the producer, partners, writers, et cetera.


He configured a way to formulate and activate. And I was like, God damn man. Like how do you do that? And he taught me, will taught me how to do it. And as I progressed, I never forgot who he was and what he was. So I relationship today, relationship is based off of never forget. Mm. Like you don't, you don't forget the real side of like success attached to just care. He gave a fuck about me then he gives more a fuck about me. Now in return, I doubled down on my level of give a fuck about him. So real shit, I don't, I don't wanna win if I can't figure out a way to win with my brother. So the commitment that we made was, Hey man, let's figure out a way to continue.


Although Kev, you're doing and you have, but how do we still do? And I love the fact that we still are and we're committed to figuring out more ways to do more. And what you're seeing today is a definition of what we want people to follow through with. Like we are no egos. We are help your brothers so he can help you. We are that. And And I think it's the best story in Hollywood if people were more privy to how deep and like in depth it actually is. Facts. Right? That real time Make sense? Yeah, real Time. The the the the the Fight Night TV show, right? It shows these characters operating within a black world where they all hold power.


So to your point, Kev, how effective has that concept been for, for you both in The World of Hollywood? I think, I think it hasn't been effective enough. And I think, you know, when you look at the Ice Cube and Kevin Hart of it all, all right, the middle common denominator, packin, all right guys, let's do this. But let's make it and Cube come in and like there's always a a through line of connectivity and that person has to be willing to go above and beyond. Fight Night is the definition of going above and beyond. Alright Kev, I got this idea. The idea came after I was supposed to do uptown Saturday night Uptown Saturday night was gonna be me and Chadwick Bozeman, rest in peace to the legend himself. Fuck, oh my God, I had no idea.


Well I don't wanna do this anymore. I can't do that without Chadwick. That project is dead to me. Will had the actual rights, the original story, the true story. So Will came to me. I said, will I can't do a comedy because of this? Can it be serious? Can we do it in a way to where it's like a lot deeper, raw, real? He said Kevin, absolutely. Hey, the podcast was points me to the podcast that he was a part of that understood, et cetera. Alright, shit, this is like real information now real knowledge will, I'm gonna fuck with it because it's you. But let's make sure that we try to go above and beyond to package it correctly. How do we do a premium, a premium cultural like piece of IP that has the bandwidth to live forever?


And you can't do that without big stars. To get big stars, you need real relationships. So the leverage of understanding that we both shared and that we had at the top of get the studio's commitment, get the studio to back in support, then go get the talent. I gotta be honest with you, my guy was a big part of all of that conversation And I followed the lead of most. And I think where we were collaborative was dope as fuck. And the outcome was amazing. Talent configuration. And now an example of what the business should follow through with, which is collaboration. Collaboration. You you, you can win more together, you win less as an individual. How do you put yourself in a position to collaborate more?


So if we can be the example of hopefully most will follow through and hopefully we can do more and people will say, oh that's great 'cause they do dope shit and here's an example of it. Let's do some dope shit with them. That's where I'm at in my career. Now. I, I could care less about the individual star of Kevin Hart. I'm, I'm looking for the moments. I'm looking for the IP and I'm looking for the evergreen like material. You can't do that as That part is true. I will tell you that like, like Kev has definitely reached a part in his career, a moment in his career where you know you've had success and it's like how do you grow? How do you work with people that you respect? And how do you build a machine that then empowers others?


It's interesting, Charlamagne, you talked about like The World of Fight Night. Fight Night is really about a group of hustlers, dreamers, entrepreneurs who were trying to take Atlanta and turn it into something. This is back in 1970, right? Martin Luther King had just been shot a couple years earlier. Atlanta was like seen as a small country town that, you know, had a couple civil rights folks. Like people didn't know if it was gonna be the next Charlotte or Birmingham. And nothing wrong with those cities, but it definitely wasn't looked at on the level of like a global superpower or New York, Chicago, la you know, it was Atlanta and it was not respected. But you had a group of folks, which is not unlike how black Hollywood is right now. Where you got a group of dreamers trying to figure out how do we work together.


Now of course in Fight Night you got, you know, a character who's Kevin's character, he's a hustler. He's going, yo, gimme a shot, gimme a chance. I can just turn Atlanta into something great. Chicken Man. Chicken Man weirdly, Sam Jackson who plays the big gangster, the black godfather in the show. He actually is also got a dream too, right? Even though he is a big gangster, he's running a black mafia. His dream is saying, you know what, the white man's been holding me down for a very long time. If y'all give me a shot and an opportunity I can take over Atlanta, I could turn Atlanta into a black mecca. Oddly, even though like Kevin Sam's characters are at odds for most of the series, the reality is that they have the same kind of a dream. That's kind of how it is right now in terms of like folks like us in Hollywood in real life who are all trying to work together.


Is it true that Samuel Jackson was had, was really there in Atlanta During that time? Yeah. Right there dog. He was at Morehouse. Yeah, Sam old as fuck. Sam. I wouldn't said it like that. Kevin Sam might hear Sam. I remember like we were, we were on a call with Sam at the start of it when Sam said like, yo, he liked it, he would do it. We were on a call, we going through the material seeing what Sam said about the character and Sam was like, yeah man, y'all gotta change a lot of the shit. 'cause more happened. Then I was like, well Sam, you know, I think we got the story, you know, 'cause we, you know, the podcast and everything. We got the real information. He like, motherfucker I was there. He did, he definitely did. Yeah. What do you mean by that motherfucker that happened?


See is he's very adamant about telling you Yeah. Where he was. What he knows. So the story of Fight Night got better. It got so much better as we went on. Oh my God. She is the best by the way. You and me Emini here since the joke with the little Mike. We have never left that stage. You are the best. She had some more jokes. You later too, by the way. She's working on them. She, I'm gonna answer 'em all this right here. Got her whatever. Shit right here. This right here. I need grease. Brother. I, there's a chance right now. I may not make it to the end of this interview. I'm giving y'all everything. I got to try to save this. I'm impressed when you Sound like you rambling, it always makes sense.


It's gonna fall off towards end. Did you see hit that? Did you see your, your We we look at the irony of The World. Look at wall. Look who's over you on that wall finish. Look at this Man Emini here. And is that Chadwick? Chad, Sam and Chadwick and Ke. Wow. Shit. How's the scale Will as far as kept size? Well, because he'd be smaller. But the point is that standing up in that photo, man, look at That's crazy. That's fucking insane. That's crazy. Had no idea about that story. Just told that story. Wow. That story is 1000% accurate. Wow. For the listeners, if you guys go watch Don't Fuck This up. Which is the documentary, documentary Documentary on Netflix. Yeah. A Documentary on Netflix. Yep. About when I went through like some of my worst times in the business and the things that I was juggling during the duration of that time.


You'll see me and Chadwick actively meeting uptown, uptown Saturday night, me and Chadwick. Absolutely. Before, before us going to the final stages, we wanted to make sure that we were on the same page with the characters, the story and the development. And Chadwick was an active producer in it. He had his partners there. You'll see it. Yep. And don't fuck this up. Yep. So The fact that y'all got a mural that's insane, right? With him, with Kevin Hart and Chadwick and then Sam Jackson who he ended up making that same project with. That's insane. That's wild. That's Insane. Look that, you know what man, and, And I don't do this often, but I'm gonna drink a shot of Grand Corino to that.


Kevin is not a plug. You do that very often. No, I think that's, it's A moment. It's a moment of understanding. Okay. It's a moment of understanding. Okay. And it's a moment of celebration. Man, that right there is celebratory. That's awesome. And I just want to take a shot to my brothers brother. Chad let's it, we all do the shot. NBN you in the Hampton. Come on. And you said they did it, that your feet didn't touch the ground. Now with Charlamagne's sitting the way know you're sitting on a chair. I'm sitting on a chair. Oh my bad. I'm sorry. I never said I I never said anything about my Feet. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You said it wasn't to scale. It's not to scale. Sitting down throwing. I said HB CI Do this anytime Will Packer come? 'cause he always stay Fam u So I put Hampton University, you know, it's Crazy. A lot of old niggas that can let college goal do this.


A lot of old niggas that refuse to just accept is Over envy. When you, when you with a cat that never went to any school at all. He didn't go to a historically nothing. I'll Tell you what, I didn't. And this is why like you guys are the example of what you don't wanna be. He don't understand. It's over culture. When you went to HBCU, you don't let it go. Come on. You know what, let it be known. Where did you go sis? She didn't. Here's your shot. She didn't go. I thought I was trying to. Delaware State University. There you go. Delaware State. Just a bunch Campus. Shout out Delaware State. Do not listen.


Don't do niggas in Delaware. You know what I wanted to ask you? Yes sir. How do you manage all these big ass Personalities, bro, bro. Kevin Hart, Tara, Roger PS Samuel Jackson, Don Cheadle. How Do you do it? Yes. Yes. Cheers. Cheers. First let me just, you know, did you drink the whole whatcha doing two Where your I was my glasses. I'm a Christian. I can't be up here. Jesus. Jesus. This is not wine. This is not Jesus. Can't turn this into nothing. Don't you do that. We're not gonna do it in the was a Christian, don't you? You're a I'm a Christian And I am a Christian.


Kevin, don't do it. We're gonna talk, talk out better fucking drink that shot. I love Delo. Can you do it? You gonna put it on? Look at Mr. Impulse. You a good shot. I did let, see I Don the whole thing. I never even poured him. One. Listen, see how do, look at that Yo real talk. Don't let you fly. I I take him down. You dunno what he do to me. No. Every on air. No, she took him down. I didn't pour him a shot. So he ain't take nothing. Right. Oh, really? Punishment. I wasn't going give him a big shot. Won't you don't liquor. I do. Like my brother is working.


Stay focused Charlotte, man. All right. I'm with you. Listen, you talked about big personality. That's, that is the hardest part of the job as a producer. You know what Emini here and in real talk, it's, it's awesome when you got somebody like Kev who gets it. Yeah. Who understands at the end of the day with the bigger pictures. But a lot of times I don't care if it's, you know, Hollywood music, you know, stock market, whatever it is, tell the truth. You say, you say Kev gonna eat right. Air talk. Huh? Can you talk to them for me? What you say? How much do you argue with Kev though? 'cause he seems like he's a lot. Oh, bru. Lemme tell you something. I'm the least and then I'm the least problem that you will ever have in any work environment. That's true. I'm unproblematic. He is unproblematic Emini here. The challenge with Kevin is, is that he will overdo things, right?


He'll do things like have a show at Madison Square Garden at the same time that we have a big scene in our movie. Now he's definitely, that's the one. That's the one. He's not, he's not a moderation guy. You know what Emini here, that's part of the challenge. Cheese egg. That, that's why I'm here on The Breakfast Club. He eating this, this Turkey sandwich trying to get some grease in his cut. It's still hot. It didn't burn you when you should at least let it cool a little bit. Come on animal. This is what I needed. Yeah, this is it. Now what? Hollywood cheese. This is why I can't take, listen, I can't take him serious. He Done a phenomenal job as Chicken Man, but I can't take him serious in dramas. 'cause it just always seemed like, so trying To make jokes laugh, it's always jokes. Is that annoying? But can I tell you something real talk Chicken man's his best work yet Dramatically. I'm telling you, you look at what he's doing with his eyes and you know, a lot of people, you know, it's known that comedians, they, they, they pull from pain, right?


And that's how they deflect. And that's where a lot of the comedy comes from. Kevin's no exception, but the reality is that when he said we gotta do this as a drama, that was a big risk. Because people say, all right, Fight Night. Kevin Hart, star this. Let's go. I'm ready to laugh. Like you said, Charlamagne. But the reality is that this is, is serious. Now you have moments of levity, but the tone make no mistake is dramatic. Like it goes there. I don't wanna sound like an asshole, but this may sound asshole ish, right? Mr. The grand, it may sound asshole ish. You gave it to him. I did. Here's Here's we, here's the content. It's a big jump to the audience that watches of what a talent is doing. If you're not used to it, a talent knows what's in their fucking bag.


That's true. You know what you can wrangle, right? You know who you can call, right? You know what you can package and do. Right? The operation attached to drama is project based. You give me a great project and in the project I'm supposed to be serious and I'm supposed to have a cadence of, and it is such a great piece of material that I choose to do. I'll do it the Best of my ability. That's called the talent. That's a talent's choice and a talent's decision. It's what are you, what are you fucking factoring in to you making the decision? I'm not doing it in an environment where it won't be cool, collective and fucking like dope. If I can't work with great people, if I can't work with great directors, great producers, great writers, then I don't wanna do it.


I'm at a point in my life where it's about having a good time. This project is relationship based. Every aspect of this project is formulated off of relationship. That's real. You push yourself out by the, by the way, everybody said that too. Sorry. And I was just gonna say, because cast don, like a lot of people, asshole with that cast, you had to back up the truck, right? Right. And by the way, you do. Right? These folks deserve, you know, And I, I'm very proud of the fact that, you know, as a black producer in the business, I definitely take care of folks that look like us and make sure that I, I pay them on par with their counterparts and their peers. But Kevin is absolutely right. You don't do a show like this unless you want to.


Right? Sam Jackson is not doing it for the check. Right? And, and Don Cheeto's not doing it because he's available, right? They do it because they want to work with certain people because it's subject matter that speaks to them. And that is very, very important. And the other thing, you know, Charlamagne, you brought up a good point that I want to just hit on real quick in terms of like the egos and all of that. You gotta make sure that everybody understands that the ultimate goal is everybody's goals. Because once people start thinking, okay, this is for me, And I gotta be focused on my own goal and not the greater good, then you will never win. You gotta get people to work in as a team. That's why as a producer, you're like a coach, you're like a general manager, right? You gotta get everybody to understand that their goals align with your goals. By the way, that is true in any industry, not just Hollywood.


But you also need respectfully, you also need, you need a collaborative figure at the top to say, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make sure that no matter what I'm, I'm gonna layer and level where everybody can understand that we're all the same. Like, I'm, I'm not coming into a project with my dick on the table, for lack of a better word. I'm not. Yeah, y'all know. Y'all got, that Was definitely a better word. Say for Lack of a better word. Well, there was a better word. I Wish you would've found it. I'm saying who I'm what I am. I don't do that. I'm saying I'm about the greater of good for all. So I come in hat in hand And I bow down to all talent on the set because I'm so grateful that the talent is fucking choosing to do whatever the project is that I'm a part of.


So for Sam Jackson, I bow down. Mm. You're a goddamn legend. You should get the respect that you deserve. Don Cheadle. I bow down Taraji I bow down tower was that awkward Emini. Here listen. Emini Here, listen. Toraji plays Kevin Hart down. S right, we call it down woman, right? She is his right hand. She is also his mistress. And so there is a scene Language worded Better. Well, well she, she's a down woman.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A tip. Bud the cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refuse to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


He asked, was it awkward? What I'm saying is I have no problem with being equal. And I think once again, I'm gonna, I'm gonna highlight this as much as I possibly can. That's the version of the example that I want to get out there. I want the collaborative side of our culture connecting. I want us to understand we are so much better together. I want us to understand Facts. The premium factor of us doing things together is so much better than the individual trying to be one facts. Do You challenge yourself to do things outside of this comedy? Say, I just don't want this comedic role, I want this serious role. Do you challenge yourself or do you just take roles that come? None.


None of it is a challenge by the way. I'm, I'm developing the things that I do. Nothing is coming to me. I'm creating the things or I'm a part of the process of how it gets to the final stages. I'm at that point. But I have no desire for the star of Kevin Hart to get bigger. I don't give a fuck. That's, that's so gone and done with. I'm more about the success of others. The success of the entity. The success of the brand. Yep. And I'm more importantly the success of what we represent and what we can look back and say we did. Yep. That's bigger now than the conversation of myself. I did it. I'm done. What, what else am I gonna do at this point now? Kevin Has to go in two minutes.


It's five five actually we gotta get, we got. Well I wanna, I wanna ask both of them. I'm not gonna do this. Was it hard to find someone to play Muhammad Ali? And did you ever consider Will Smith? You've gone four Will Smith Very, Very challenging you over. Right. And I think that you gotta understand, you know, obviously that's an icon he's been portrayed before. For us it was about finding a newcomer that wouldn't pull you you out because these other characters you didn't know. Nobody knew Chicken Man Kevin Hart's character or, or, or Vivian Tara Roger's character or Frank Moton, you know, Sam's character. But you know, everybody knows Muhammad Ali. So I think to have somebody in that role who you had some familiarity with and who you a associated with something else would've pulled you out.


And we really wanted to immerse you even with these big stars. We really wanted to take you to a time period right? 50 years ago and really drop you in and be as authentic as possible. And we've paid a lot of attention to the detail and the nuances to try to get this thing right. Boy oh boy, did we choose, Right? Yeah. Come on man. This ca and by the way, not just the big names that you know like this. I talking Muhammad Ali like, oh, Dexter Dart Dexter Dexter Darter. You're gonna be hearing a lot from him. There's some young, young gunners in this cast that you're gonna be hearing that I, I predict you're gonna look back and go, yo, remember when so and so went toe to toe with, with Kevin Hart and Sam Jackson. Dexter Dart. Yes. Melvin. Greg Melvin. Greg Miles, Bullock Sin Walls. Chloe Bailey does her thing. Yep.


Yep. Lloyd Harvey jumps in, I think, I think you have the future of Hollywood. My wife said that And I was like, I don't think that's Lori. 'cause she looks, she looked so different. Layla Hathaway. No, lo la Lola. But I think, I think that you're, you're seeing an amazing example of baton passing. You're, you're looking at people that are established have been established for so long and Sam and Taraji and Terrance and Don. Yeah. And then you also have the second tear of talent that is a valuable piece of this puzzle where they're toe to toe with the big names and you don't blink an eye. Right. You understand why everybody is there and you respect the talent on screen and you still respect the story.


You're never taken outside of the story. So I think that for that younger generation that we were able to onboard, no question. It's a, it's a great example of what we want to do. No question. We wanna be the example for the next generation. The bridge. We wanna be the example for Global Success Four or the new star that popped on. Yep. If we're part of those stories, then how dope is that? Like that's the biggest side of the conversation of want Reese Celeste, Jalen Hall, these are names you gonna know. You know, I know you gotta go. So to ask your age tour way, I fine, fine. I was late here, I'll be late. You were late here. I've been doing this for a long time. You can't be late everywhere. It's Fine.


I can be, see what I'm saying? This is would've, I'm telling you this, you've Never made ride alone. This is Why I meant his life. This is what To your age tour. What? What you going back on the road? I'm a big Star. Your age tour now. Well, I don't know if you know, you know he kicked me out on one of his, his shows. He kicked you out. It, you had your phone Man. He kicked me out. They threw me out and as they throwing me out, I'm yelling, Cav is me. He goes, I know what you could ahead goodbye. That's why we should have kicked you Out too much brother. Come on. That's the Hampton. You got family And kids. So you know, sometimes you gotta check your phone and make sure you're Good. Well Don't do you went to the show you knew. Come on. I gotta I side with Kev on this one, brother. Come on Man. Coming to a comedy show. Come on. Come on. Is an tentative environment.


And by the way, my act, my age tour, it's a very dope fucking thing going on right now. It's a premium ticket with a dope experience. And in that experience for an hour and a half, check out, check out and Laugh. Did you see it was in me? Did you know it was him? Who Gives a fuck about him? What I'm saying, what I'm saying to you is people, people kill me. Like when you act as if rules don't exist for a dope reason, phones are a bad experience. Phones are taking over the intimate appeal of life and lifestyle. That's true. Like that's true. Like your phone has checked you out of every experience. You go to concerts, people watch the concert through their fucking phone. Yeah. You are looking at the concert Like this, this, and for an artist that's trying to put out new content right?


And then everybody can just watch it on YouTube. It's horrible. It totally diminishes lock. So you lock up buddy just like Up or lock the phones up? No, put your phones on. Oh, you lock him up In that moment Way even you knew, come on, brother knew leave. And you're Like, yo, that was such a dope shit. I thought he was gonna throw me out though. Yeah, well you chance. So you had that privilege that that light skinned privilege. See you thought you was like, I'm envy you did that By the way, I don't even know what a couple of light skinned Niggas. Yeah. He's the lightest Envy is the lightest light. Right? Lightest high yellow Of Expectation Envy is one of the lightest Operators of the pack.


And sometimes you like, Hey man, you not White. Yeah, you, you get confused. Huh? You over here Envy's A guy. Shit got real privilege. Like, Can you believe they doing this? He's the one that called him. Yeah, he called. You gotta get on the Zoom. Yo. I'm Fine. Lauren, Go ahead Lauren. Monique and Lee Daniels. Yes. Just did the deliverance. Yes. Are we ever gonna see a reconciliation with you and her because she Emini here. I don't have a problem. I know that there's no Problem. There's Reconcile. No, but she has said that like I know when she was doing Club Shehe and they talked about it and the she, she was talking about the phone call that happened from your team or whatever. Right. Is there ever gonna be a conversation that we hear you talk about where y'all two have another conversation about that and move forward?


I'll challenge your question with a better question. Go ahead. You've Been doing this for a long time. Do you ever hear me talk about anyone? Do you ever hear anything bad come from me? No. So information can be one sided. A perception can never be one sided. It's always a duality. It's, it's your side versus another. And if there's not a common ground that mean, that means one hasn't been attempted to like be met. So there's no problem between me, me and Monique. There never will be. There's no problem between me and anybody else. There's nothing to reconcile. There's no, there's no problem. So all these problems that have been attached to Kevin Hart, they're one sided. I don't have a problem with anybody.


I agree With that. It problematic takes two people right. To have a conflict. Because that what, that's the reality. I can tell you that like there's a perception that like if somebody comes out and says something that like, you know, that's it. Me and Kev is behind the scenes. Like you believe they said that. What what we think Holy shit, we not doing that. It's a That's that's what it has To be. It's, it's not a thing. Social media has fucked us up to the point of what you hear is what you're forced to believe. Got you. You do not understand like the common ground for truth is always a conversation. And if there ever is a conversation, then you're not forward facing in a public statement ever. Like I didn't say anything about what I did or what I did from Monique or my gestures.


You never would've heard it. That's a, it's a one-sided version or reason for, and by the way, I have no rebuttal to it. I stand on the side of I'm unproblematic and if me and Mo wanna do or could do or would do, we will. But that's a me and Mo thing. Yeah. Like the, this new thing that people are like, lemme tell you something world. Yeah that's a very Like that's a, lemme tell you. I wanna be honest, I'm 45 years old. I'm 45 years old and by the way, Team or not, it's not hard to fucking find me. Yeah. Like I, you know what? My schedule is online. So she hasn't hit you since all of that Stuff. Me and Monique have had conversations and those are me and Monique's conversations.


There you go. Before and after. There you go. That's called adulting. There you go. I don't, I don't. Unad adult. Yeah. So all of these new ways of conversation and finger pointing, it's very easy. You know what? Corino? Zi because I'm gonna say some dope shit, alright? Everybody points to the fucking moon because nobody knows what it's like to be at the moon and for the moon to look down. Everybody sees it this way but nobody sees it the other, there's only a couple people that have been down here and looked at the moon and said, I'm going and went and looked down from. So if you don't stand the version of eyesight from both sides, well then you're near side, you got, you got one vision.


I don't have tunnel vision. I have an equal vision of understanding. But if you can't understand the moon side, how do you speak as if you do? That's not, that's not life. That's not adulting. So to Be that was some drunk shit. But you, I'll dumb it down for you. I've dumb it down for you. There's only fucking how many astronauts that have walked on the moon but everybody speaks it. They know what the fuck is on the moon. That's right. Everybody talks like they know what's up there.


You don't know what's up there. You never walked up there. You don't know what it's like to be up there and looked down and see what earth is like from there. So it's only a couple people that do when you are on a different side of life and you speak to those that are on that side is if you know what they're doing or why they did it, you are one sided. You can't speak on my fucking reasons. That's right. As if you know what my reasons are for Right. You can't speak on my business Cho. My business choices, professional choices. More importantly lifestyle choices if you don't know what the fuck my life is. But You know what, that's what I like about the movie fighting that. Right? Because it seems like they show each character in the movie as a hero in their own story, but a villain in somebody else's.


So you see those, yes. It's always Different For somebody. Yes. It's a dual, it's a super complicated narrative, which are my favorite kinds because your protagonist, right? Your quote unquote heroes are very gray and are very flawed like in real life. And your antagonist are people that you root for that. Those are my favorite kinds of narratives. I love that because we all know The World is not black and white. Right? And so you're absolutely right. It's about complex people at a complex time. And that's really what the show was. I'm gonna Ask Makes things suc successful. Now Your envy, before you do that, go ahead. I just want The World to get to a better place of understanding. Like stop taking the bait. It's bait. Bait is unnecessary.


Like if people really have problems, they talk amongst themselves. If there are no conversations amongst themselves, then it's not real problems. Yeah. Yeah. It's that simple. No Kevin's right, Emini here and Kevin's big and a lot of us are on real interactions, right? You know what Emini here and you got a lot of people out there right now, they're trying to win the internet. You know, I just win win the internet. I got the most clicks, I got the most likes and you know, let's win real life. Let's focus on real things. And so whatever conversation he may have, I may have, somebody else may have it. It doesn't have to be for the internet. You, what's the Biggest thing you told me the a while ago? He said, envy, shut the fuck up. Well I tell you that a lot.


The real reality you like, I don't, I told you that because Emini here and he is like, you're explaining yourself to who, like who's, listen by the way, I conversations with like who you talking to? Like when you, there's nothing that annoys me more when people do this shit right here. Everybody been asking. So let me go in All the time. Fucking Everybody I'm saying, I'm saying the older you get, you start to realize man ain't actually stop. The Other thing though, you got a box That Matters and we obsess on the negative.


I hate to say that, but you'll be, you'll post something and get a hundred positive comments. Man, you walking there, you look good. But it'd be three people that'll say something sideways. Yeah. And no B'S the one, those will be the ones that you respond to, that you obsess over. That you focus on. Right? There's not, not the other 100, There's not a bigger supporter for the movement of people doing good shit. And Monique Lee Daniels reconciling that relationship however it happened. Great. Dope for them. Did a movie together after great story. Dope for them. I wanna see more, keep doing great shit. The conversation of anything else negative, attached to a person's and their reservations or feelings.


To me, I wanna see nothing but good for all. Like I would love to see us all win. I would love to see us all at a table where we all can do, if it happens, great. If it doesn't, I guess it wasn't meant to be. But you can't have a fucking stance of negativity and like also a, like a real fucking initiative to move forward and like motivate, inspire, create, or do whatever. You can't be both. So it's either like you are one or the other. And if you are a part of creativity, inspiration, collaboration, motivation, connectivity, then that has to be it. And whatever you gather along the way and whoever you align yourself with along the way, well y'all all a part of the same story.


If things fall apart through the duration of, it wasn't meant to be on that train. Some people miss a train. It's just life. Some people don't make it. And time to catch the train and the train is going to go, is going to go. Why do you think trains can't stop fast? They're moving. So either you are on the train or you're not. And if you didn't catch the next train, that's life. I feel like we went back to the moon because it was, lemme tell you something about my guy. My guy. You wanna talk about some impressive words. My guy, Kevin, you gonna put some words on him? I'm gonna put some words on. 50% of them gonna make sense. What makes it successful? 'cause you know Hollywood didn't change before it was blockbuster movies.


But now Emini here there's so many other platforms to put your movie on. Yeah. So what is successful For? But you know, there's still qu quantitative metrics that they use to determine quantitative learned that at HBCU brother just letting know he ains Just, well why is it 'cause reality is that you still have ways that you can determine how, you know, how many people watched it if the audience was into it, if they were engaged. And that stuff is important. And so that is definitely a part of what we do. Honestly though right now it's about I just want people to feel stuff. You know what, Emini here, I wanna feel like we're touching the culture. You know? I wanna feel like whatever it is that we do, we don't have people feeling like we wasted their time.


Got it. That's, that's the point that we at. Yeah. We gotta get it. We gotta get, we gotta get, do You have colors you like to use? Will I ask Lee Daniels this as a producer and when I say colors Emini here, like artists are, there's certain artists you like to use 'cause they're like your muse. They help you paint the picture you want That you would use within a, within a piece. Sit back like that. A TV Show or a film. Why you sit back Emini here, I think, well what does that mean? Lee obviously is a director. I'm a producer up now. Yeah, absolutely. I think that is he talking About the people Setting the mood and the theme thematically is very important to have, first of all everybody be on the same page about what the vision's gonna be. Right? And also to make sure that the ultimate vision fits the execution.


Oh. And so, okay, I, you know, like for instance in Fight Night we wanted it to look a certain way, right? I thought he was talking like light Niggas. No man. No I don. He don't like, that's why, that's why, why And I no wasn't wasn't dark, dark Fight Night. You gotta break it down because Kev, they coming in here to drag your ass out because you were late. You gotta do it. Oh we done. Okay. We're Good. We good. We appreciate and real talk we appreciate y'all like real talk. We appreciate you The malleability, that's another word. What is that? Malleability. What does means that they were flexible, that they worked with us. They weren't rigid with us. If you into HB CU, you know what that means?


Well I'll tell you what. The HBCUs that you both went to are better without you. All three Of us. I also, I also say this In conclusion And inclusion. The big takeaways for audience are very simple, man. The first one of course is Fight Night. Now, now streaming on peacock. Do yourself a service and us a favor. Go watch it. A very good fucking show. An amazing story that I think should have been told a long time ago. But for the city of Atlanta that we all know and love, it's a great highlight of how Atlanta got to be what it is now. Facts, understanding the early stages of it, understanding the origin for us all, especially people of color, culture, we need to know.


Yeah, it's a great story. Eight Parts, eight part limits. It's eight part three parts out right now. Dropping one per week. If you, if you're like a lot of us, you looking for, what's that next series I can really get into and really get into the characters and follow week? It's really good. We are challenging you. Let this be your next series. Give it a go. I would say that's, that's thing one thing two yo guys, collaboration, egos, et cetera. Ask yourself what version are you? What side are you on? Are you on the side of that? Are you on the side of this? Pick one. Pick one and be that or identify what you are and make a change, right? The other side, Hey man, it's, and then that shit is getting outta control.


It's over. It's fucking like it's, it's, it's outta control. Just from an understanding of real versus not real reality. And like false reality. Ask yourself, which version are you on? Are you click bait? Are you fucking real? And for real relationships, there's real communication with, without that nothing else matters. Nothing else matters. I didn't fucking not tell them to contact or not do. Hey man, I'm gonna push it back. I'm fucked up. The false communication would be, I can't man, just do whatever. And you figure out what it is and what. And then the relationship kind of falls apart based off of an idea that you are giving yourself a moment to create.


Stop it. Let's get back to a place of understanding relationships. Relationship. It's my fucking brother And I love the fact that me and my brother are great examples of what dope relationships should be. We will continue to do what we do and we'll do it at a high level. And I can't wait for The World to see not only this but what the things in the future will be. Bam. That's what I want you To vote. Lastly, want everybody vote? That's the last thing I would say I'm gonna tell you to vote for. But we will be remiss if we didn't get on this platform and say that it's real. It is real. And these are challenging times. Make your voice heard one way or another. It matters. You can tell me who voting for affects Kamala Harris. I'm voting for Kamala Harris. No question. I appreciate that black man. 'cause we need more of us saying that.


That's right. But that's my choice's. What I choose to talking about politics because I need everybody. Republicans vote Soon as brought up the vote, he started cleaning up. He was like, alright. Yep, time to go. But you would agree the vote right? Kev, you would time go. They pulling me out here. Thank you family, we appreciate y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning y'all. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing? They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.