
The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back, and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features,


support for Eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Good morning, us a Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. And currently we are on vacation, Man. Totally disconnected. Yes. We not even really here. You think you listening to us, but we not Well, we Not, we are here in spirit. Yeah. Yeah. We're on vacation. So We're playing the best donkeys, the best interviews you guys, which is the best callers and some of the BEST MOMENTS The Breakfast Club has had in the last couple of months. So, sit back, relax, enjoy, and have fun. Keep a lock. Red's gonna be running the boards. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Manny. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk.


I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. Eight hundred five eight five one oh five five one. That's just me. I'm with the coach of Philly. Tamika. Good morning, Tamika. Hey, what's good DJ Envy? I'm good. How you feeling? I'm good. I'm at work. This is my lunch break. Okay. I was Like, lemme, what, what time is it? Where you at? Through, what time is it? Where you at? I, I'm in Cali. It is three 13 And it's lunchtime for you. She work overnight, right? She work Overnight? Yeah, I work overnight. The best shift, third shift. If you having lunch at three in the morning, you a big back, but nevermind. Hell no. I ain't no big back. Right. And and she called and she called 'cause she wants to talk to you. Go tell her what you want.


Talk Charlamagne. Okay. Yeah. Charlotte. Charlotte, why you always coming for the studs, bro? I love studs. We love you too. But you, you be giving out the wrong information and all. What? Like what Emini here? What I, what I, I'm like, I got to get through 'cause he don't know no real studs. Like, tell Me what wrong information I be giving out. All I do, I don't really give out no information other than what speed of all You vibrating. First of, first of all, first of all, you up here till about when we pulled on the strap and the girl be the strap and that's mental illness. No, it's not that My You said that's mental illness. That's what saying Did you hear what she said?


She, she just said, she just said that the girl's in her scrap is the girl's pee Pee. Yes. I bought it. I bought it. So it's mine. It's hard. But, but listen, it's not mental illness unless you start moaning. If you start moaning, then that's, then you just retard. Oh No, I'm Emini here look good. So I can't moan from the visual When she's, when she's ing the scrap on and you moaning. Let's think about that for a second Now. But it look good. Charla it look good. Oh, you mean like, you Don't, it look good? Yeah, but y'all be moaning. Like it feel good. Nah, well, they getting off because they looking at it. I'm enticing. Be sitting off. I'm definitely getting off. Okay. Yeah. That's what Tamika, I think there's only one thing to do. You come up here with your strap. Boy did you shut up and let Tamika talk you.


That's your problem. You always jumping in Women's business. You're saying? All I'm saying is, all I'm saying is shout out to all the studs. Much respect to young, young ma. But she ain't the stud of all studs. We gotta stop saying that. Who has said the Whole Represe representatives? Yeah. Who's the king of studs? Queen of studs. Not king. S queen of Queen Latifa. What the we Talking about? Y'all gotta stop. We know Queen Latifa gang. Stop. Queen La. She ain't Ute to the legend Queen Lat. She ain't exactly, she ain't no stud. She's No stud. Yo. She don't identify as one. She is, she's, she's probably male presenting. Don't y No, no.


She a fim. No, no, no. She, she's a fim. She's a a, She's a So why you call her a stud? Y'all confus me. All right, I'll take that back. I take that back. Y'all Let that set it off. Mess y'all up for life. That one sentence? No, No, no, no, no. I love Queen Latifah. I hit that. So I'm not gonna look at Her like that's no disrespect the queen like that. That's right. I seen her be feminine Emini here. We seen her be studded out. So that's, we did. Oh, okay. To ask You a question. I love y'all. Can I ask you one more question? I love y'all. I gotta go back to work. I'm not to get fired for y'all. Okay. But I love y'all. I'm so happy I got through just you. My, you so proud of you girl. I watched you on Instagram. Thank you. I'm so proud of you. I'm proud of you. Charlotte. DJ Envy.


Get that money. Let's go with that bitch. Right? I know. Her vibrator. Waterproof. Completely waterproof period. Oh, get it over Your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And good morning to all the studs. It's The Breakfast Club Morning. Look to the studs, The Breakfast Club. I, I, Hey, what you doing, man? I'm Calling. This is Your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Oh my God. I can't believe I got, this is my first time calling. Good morning. What's your name, brother. Good morning.


My name is Randy. I'm from SoCal. I actually, I'm actually calling, I'm an aspiring airline pilot And I was wondering if anybody out there, you know, can mentor me and lead me in the right direction on how to become a pilot and just, you know, gimme words of encouragement. You gotta give your info. Ain't nobody up here know how to fly. Alright, well, you hit me on my, you can hear me on my email at Randy Curry, C-U-R-R-I e92@gmail.com. Hey, why not Google or something though? Like, why? There's, like, I don why'd you decide to call it The Breakfast Club? I'm sure there's all types of pilot schools and flying schools that can help you out, bro.


Well, Well, yeah. There's schools, schools and stuff, but I'm just looking for, you know, a mentor, you know, an African American that's already in the industry. Got that. Can, you know, just gimme words of encouragement and keep me on the right path to, you know, trying to fly. Well, spread your wings. My brother. You know what? There, there's a, a brother out of Atlanta that flies who's a, who's a black brother. Let me just get, there's a black brother outta Atlanta that really narrows it down. No, no, no, no. I'm, I'm looking for his Instagram. He, he's pretty popular on social media. Hey, Envy, before I hang up, I actually wanted to talk to you about your car collection. Oh, what's up brother? I think a while ago you mentioned that you had a mc 20 a Maserati. I did. What's under the hood of that?


The mc 20? It actually dropped. It was a Maserati. I don't have it. I was the one with the doors opened up. I don't actually own that anymore. I didn't love that car. But Mel, the traveler, Mel, MEL the traveler. He's a brother who, okay, who flies? He's somebody that you should follow and always talks about flying and, and, you know, getting his license and why it's important for minorities to fly. Mel the traveler. M-E-L-T-H-E, traveler. Awesome. Thank you. Good morning you guys. Good morning. Thank you. Have a good one, brother. Hello. Who's this? This is, this is Jay Jones. What's up brother? Get off your chest. How You doing? DJ Ivy? Good morning. Good morning, char man. God, good morning. Good morning. Just Justin. Hilarious. Good morning, baby. How You doing?


I just wanted to get off my chest. I'm a man at the end of the day, And I don't have no problem admitting That means he cheated when he said a man at the end of the day. That means that he cheated. Go ahead, brother. I, I didn't, I didn't cheat physically, but I did. I was inter entertaining other women, And I know I'm wrong for that. Where would you entertain another woman at? Sir? Text. Oh wow. That's cheating. That cheating, bro. Black men don't cheat, bro. You still a little black boy. You still a little immature young man. How'd you get caught? She went through my phone, you know, and she found it. And I know it is gonna take some time. If she do take me back and I'm doing, I'll do whatever it takes to get her back.


You know what I'm saying? What Were you, what were you saying to Person? It depends on what she found. Yeah. What were you saying? You said what now? What were you saying to the person? I was, I was talking to, I was saying that I did miss her, you know what I'm saying? She's my friend, but I didn't have no place saying that It was an ex I do. No, it wasn't an ex. It was, it is just a friend that I used to deal with in the past. I haven't been with no other one. So it's your ex and my girl? No, it wasn't my ex. Y'all Just, yeah, that was the friend that you was, that you was smashing. Y'all were smashing at one point. And so that, that makes her not, that makes her more than a friend. But she wasn't quite a girlfriend. Yeah. Years ago though. And you had your girl around this girl saying that she was your friend, huh?


I I don I can't hear you. I'm sorry. You Had her around this girl. Like y'all were just always been friends with y'all was smash. No. Hell no. I'm not that damn disrespectful. Okay. Okay. Just a little bit disrespectful. Okay. I got you. I feel, but you, you learned from this, I definitely learned my lesson and I'm growing from it and I'm, I'm just trying to write my wrongs, man. At the end of the day. How long ago Did it happen? It happened Friday. Grow up fast, don't they? It just happened Friday. You Hey. Stop. Stop man. What you realize once you realize, so something, something so good that is gone for you, man. You, you, you get you getting along with you, man. You got a long way to go, brother.


It just happened Friday. I told do I'm a work in progress, but I'm working brother. But you gotta start somewhere. You right. You right. That's right. Good luck, brother. Yeah. If you think you're white, if you think your woman gonna start trusting you after three days, you bugging, get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out today. Lauren's holding it down. And of course we got our niece Nala here and we got a special guest in the building. Brother Teddy Swims. Hey man, how You feeling swims? I'm So honored to be here, man. I'm funk Man. Happy to have you here. I'm really, really excited.


Dude. I I'm, we, we did our album release party last night though, so, you know, again, excuse my drinking for You don't have yourself drinking early in the morning. You see that one over there over there? That's less cheer. That's, she does. That's her all of your success. And baby on the way For my baby on the way. Yeah. Have one on the way. Yeah, absolutely. Course you're drinking with a pregnant man that early. Tell us about yourself, Teddy. Man, that's so loaded. I'm from Georgia from, from about 30 minutes east of Atlanta in Georgia. Okay. Rockdale County. And, you know, I like singing songs and I'm a good, good, good boy. You have a very soulful, soulful voice. Did you grow up in the church? Yeah, so my granddad was a Pentecostal pastor.


I didn't grow up singing in a church a lot, but I, you know, I, I definitely grew up with fire and brimstone for sure, man. With the, with the fear of God. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, you Afraid to sin? Oh, no, no. Not, not these days. Emini here. I've just thought about like back in the day, was it like a very religious Household? Yeah, yeah. You know, like, girls don't get haircuts, you know, girls wear skirts, men wear jeans, like that kind of thing. It was real, real kind of tight. And I was Emini here. I'm very fortunate. I guess I, I feel like I still subscribe to so many of the principles of, you know, even the beliefs aren't there. I I do love that. My, my granddad was, as I was growing up with my granddad, he was, he was like, we wouldn't even go to restaurants that would have a bar in the restaurant, you know? And not that he ever had a problem drinking, but it was just, he stood on his belief so much.


The thing that I was always with him was that I, I didn't subscribe to the idea that like telling people that they're wrong and this is the only way to believe something. I remember he'd look at other churches and be like, think that the only way he believed it was right. I remember, I remember the first time I sang at his church, I might've been 17 or 16 or something, And I remember him saying like, you know, I want you singing at the church bud, but man, all these kids are like, break dancing and carry it on for the Lord. And, And I was like, yo, pop, like nobody's broke dance since like, my mom was a child. You, so, and if they wanna break dance for the Lord, pop, like, let 'em break dance for the Lord. You know? So he was, he was very, you know, stern, like just by the book. If it wasn't in the Bible then it was a sin. You know what Emini here? I thought of rebellious.


Yeah. Hell yeah. My mom was worse than I was. I remember, I remember getting in trouble for all sorts of, and being like, I'm not doing any of that. Because she was, she was a thought I was doing all sorts of mess Emini here, but she was a pastor kid. My mother was the Well, listen, I I wanted to, you know, when you talk about rebellious, you started off playing football, all right? So Yes sir. You was, I heard your family was a big football family, so what got you from football to singing? My dear Friend Jesse, You an old guard. I could see that. Yeah. Yeah. You sir. Yeah. That's What you played. No guard. Yeah. And I an offensive offensive guard as well. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. And I, but Emini here, I just, five foot seven wasn't really happening, you know, I just You Were in high school, middle school at the time. Yeah, but I've been five foot seven since I was in eighth grade, you know, and so I thought they thought I was gonna be big, you know, and then it just, I, it didn't happen.


Kai started shooting up six foot two and three And I whooping my ass off the line after that. So What got you into arts, like to Acting? So, my dear friend Jesse, who still plays with me, I've known him since I was a little kid. His dad was always in bands and stuff. So we, we started trying to experiment and play music and stuff. And his, his older sister was in musical theater and got us into musical theater and, And I just kind of fell in love with singing And I, I was so, I was hooked. I was hooked. Singing has changed my life. I wasn't good always, but I fell in love with it, you know? And I remember telling my mom that I was, I was gonna not do football anymore And I was gonna sing and she was so, so hurt. I brought out all my memorabilia, like, I can't believe you do this to us. We've been playing football, you know? And I remember my first little, we did this show called Damn Yankees.


I did like two lines in it, I think. And after I got done, I come off stage and she was like, I'm so sorry, baby, this is where you belong. Rarely you're a star. You know, after like, I did like two lines, you know, but it was What you mean by you weren't always good at it. Like, how do you, you sound amazing. I so bad. We were so bad at it, you know, it was you in a group? Well, no, just me and my buddy Jesse, he still plays guitar writes and, and, and he plays guitar in my band still. And we, as we were learning and trying to build bands together and do it as kids, you know, we just were really bad. You know, we, we sucked. Like we were just not good. I like, you can still find actually on YouTube. I was a senior in high school. My first band, heroic Bear is still on YouTube, our, our first little ep.


And I was in like a metal core band at the time. It's, you could still hear me like screaming away and like singing and if you wanna hear it it up guy, You know, you know the Routine. If you hear it, dude, you're gonna be like, okay. Yeah, you got good. Yeah. Did You get lessons or did you Practice or how did you get I just so good. Well, I think I was so lucky Emini here. I was in theater, you know, And I had a lot of good friends and that were singing. But I think, I think the biggest thing was growing up in the, like when the YouTube era was first kind of starting, you know, and if I had questions or if I wanted to know how to sing, there was always a live version of singer singing, you know? Right. So like, I, I could, I could watch like live videos of how, how is, how are they moving their throat? How are they moving their jaws? How are they? Oh yo, that was crazy dissect. You know, I could, I could just sit there and watch YouTube videos and see people singing live, you know, like singing Craig David singing like, and credit recovery.


I would pull up like a YouTube proxy and just have it behind the video and just like, listen to Craig David just, I'm walking away to him. I could listen to buy videos and watch their them play, you know, and s singing. It was like, do you think you like Saw somebody like Craig David and like mimicked him and that's how you found Your voice? Oh, totally. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the best man, some of the best that ever did it. Marvin Gaye watching Otis Redding, man, listening to Al Green, you know, I Emini here. I I just fell in love with the instrument And I was like, I wanna know how to access that. And then you started doing these covers, right? And you started covering songs and then you did one cover that started shooting up Crazy. So talk about that a little bit. Oh, I think Shania Twain, I'm still the one was our, like that was the one that really kind of went crazy for us.


You know? I love my mama and, and my mama loved Shania Twain when I was coming up. I loved Shania Twain too. That that was, that was a real life changing one for us. Our first one we started out with was, 'cause June 25th, 2019 was the first time I, I never even expected doing covers, you know, online. And we had found like the stems of Rock with you online. Michael Jackson. Yeah. And so it was, it was 10 years right after he passed, it was his 10 year anniversary. And so I was like, man, we should just do Rock With You by Michael Jackson just to pay homage to him and for the, you know, and then, and we uploaded it and it started doing well And I was like, man, we should just keep this, I guess this Cover Train kind of going. So we, we kept on for, you know, the next few months. And I think the beautiful thing about starting with, with Rock With You, it started getting, you know, like I said, the first day we woke up we had like 10,000 views and it was so life changing for us.


We're like, boys we're getting hammered. This is sick. And it was such a weird thing because once it hit like this, this critical mass of like maybe 500,000 views, I think people were looking at it as seeing the way I look and then seeing the Rock with you, you know, and saying Rock with You by Michael Jackson and me and, and I'm looking like an absolute redneck and saying like, either this is hilarious or this is actually really good. And I think for our benefit it was, it was kind of both, you know? 'cause just the fact that I was singing that song, but doing it well is, was kind of funny and surprisingly good. Now Teddy, why have you tried everything with therapy? Well, I've, I've have tried therapy now, sir. So, you know, even as we're, we're getting ready to ever kid, me and my girls have been doing even couples therapy too, which has been so wonderful and making sure we're coming in and having this child in the most healed, safest environment possible.


Congrat. But I, I think, I think naming the album that was, was kind of to have that conversation and with myself, to get myself to go. I think there's just like been in generations past and even still there's this like, connotation on therapy that we are like, we're not allowed to go to that or we're not allowed to share our feelings or emotions. Especially men. Yeah. You know, and, And I, I just, it's been life changing for me. And I, I did have even this in my brain that I was like, I'm not crazy. I don't need that. You know, I had this for so long that I was like, I know myself. I don't need nobody to tell me what's wrong with me. You know? And I feel like once I got it to it, it was so much different than I thought it would be too. And I feel like there was something beautiful about having that first album and not trying it and being in a place of turmoil and heartbreak with somebody that was made me feel like my feelings were invalid or, or not allowed to have.


And, and having this part two coming out and being this thing of, I've tried therapy, I'm back in love, I'm having a child, I'm got some level of success in this. And you know, on the back of Heartbreak, it does get better on the other side, you know? Absolutely. I, we got more with Teddy Swims when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Teddy Swims is here. Charlamagne, can I, can we talk about some of this music on this new album? Sure. I'd love to Not Your man is a very vulnerable record. Thank You, sir. Have, have You ever really felt like you gave everything to a woman and it wasn't enough? Yeah. Hell yeah, man. I, I think it was important to start this one out like that. 'cause I, I was, I, I'd wrote this forever And I was, I was in a place with somebody where my, I don know.


I, I, it's, it's hard. I, I don't wanna talk about her in a way that because I, and now I've, I I've grown and healed and moved on. It's, I I I thank her for, for what we went through, you know? And I, I'm grateful for that time and space that we had together. And I was at a place yeah. Where I felt like I was given everything and my feelings and my, I was, was, was not validated or it was not enough or I was crazy or feeling this way or I was abusive situation. I don I don't, I don't wanna, I don't wanna say it. Why? Emotionally Abusive Or Oh, both man, physically. Yeah, she was, she was just not good. She was not a good person And I won the best for her. But yeah, it was a very tough thing to try to try to heal somebody, try to make space for someone to heal, try to give somebody everything You would think.


You would think if you had a, if you had a passion, I'll just make it like this. You had a passion in your life and you had somebody in your life that says you can quit your job and just focus on your passion. I'll take care of the rest. You got it. And you don't do anything with your life, but you just eat Xanax all day and lay around and blame somebody for your shortcomings. When you, you had the opportunity to follow your dream and somebody that would support you in your dreams and you'd be like so surprised to see if somebody had the opportunity to follow their dreams and they had everything taken care of, how many people would be like, ah, if everything's taken care of, I don't gonna do anymore. And you can't, you can't put ambition and drive into somebody. You can't heal nobody. You can't save nobody. And I, I started to go on that tangent, but From that situation, do you feel like you no longer enable because it's like though you wanna do something out of love to better somebody, sometimes it's to their own detriment.


Yeah, I think, I think I, yeah, I think it's an, it was an enabling at the end of the day, you know, I was doing something to help someone become well. I think at the end of the day I was enabling somebody to do nothing. And if that was inside of them, I was enabling that. And I think it's a common pattern, you know? But yes, I'm trying to heal and learn to see somebody for who they are and not who I want them to be or think they should be. I Can tell you got a big heart, but people will take advantage of you. Hell yeah. And I, And I, I'm, I'm, I'm so grateful to be, I don't wanna say I'm grateful to be taken advantage of. I'm grateful to be available. Everybody's gonna use you, but don't let people misuse you. Amen. Yeah. I have a la last question for you. I was reading this interview you talked about, 'cause your girlfriend's black and you talked about like, when you guys are in the south, you get like, looks from people and like, it bothers you because love should be loved, but you're about to bring a baby into The World.


You're so positive. She seems so amazing. But The World is not always like that. Like how do you defeat that? Because you're really a really nice person. Like it breaks my heart Emini Here. You know, I hate how much she's go through. And so her, her dad's black and her mom's white. Yeah. So she tells me about stuff all the time. About like, you know, how she felt not white enough for not blacking up and how much her, her like world in her life has been such a, yeah, I guess like a juxtaposition in both sides. You know, feeling like she wasn't quite accepted by either side, you know? Yeah. And so this is not a st I won't, I won't tell you her story 'cause she's better at saying it than I am. I'll never tell you her story, but I see how like, how beautiful she is and, and how, I guess how like, elegant she navigates being who she is.


You. I love the way you talk about her. She's the most incredible human being I've ever met. Man. I got a Good counselor for y'all to talk to. I I would love that Dr. Omar Johnson. Like, Oh my God, You don't wanna talk to him? Come back this way. Focus over here. Don't, don't. Nope. Speaking of black and white. No, no. The Song of Money Loan. Yes Sir. That Title's a little on the nose, don't you think? Yeah. Yeah. I think that, I think that the point of it was kind of to the core of love in itself is black and white. Like it's a, it's a black and white issue. Love is love and not love is not love and loving. Whether, if it's a person of a different color, shape, size, sexuality, same sex, whatever it is, I think that the, the thing was trying to say that we, no matter what, we could come from different worlds.


It's, it's a true, I guess Romeo and Juliet story, you know, kind of is the, the basis of it is that like, you know, we, we come from different places. We come from different cultures, we have different things. But when you in love, man, love is love and, and that should be enough. And that's really, they ain't, there ain't nothing great about that man. That's just love. You know, love is love baby. You know, I, I love that record and it's a good stamp because, you know, money Long recently went viral for saying she's not writing soulful songs for white artists. Did you see that? I did not. Okay. Oh, I'm glad I got that one before she said it. Exactly. When did she do that song? Was that a long, did she do that a while ago or? Yeah, we did it. It's, it's had to be a few months ago now.


My dear friend Jeff Kitty. And Mickey Echo was a part of it with us too. And we, we like started working on it. And I remember Jeff Giddy has, has been working with money for long years and years and he's like, man, should we see if Marnie wants to do this song with us? And I was like, Emini here. Yeah. That's like, that's, we, we, we'd kind of like to do a record like this. We would kind of need that, you know, I I would be so stoked if she'd be willing to, 'cause I, I knew what I kind of wanted to say, but also I can't say that, you know, without having money help me say that. You know, but also without like relying too much. I, you know, I think I needed to, we needed to say that together. And so I'm, I'm just grateful she took that opportunity to say, I see what you're trying to say. I have you say that.


You know, and, and said it with me. And I, I think I'm, I'm so grateful for her. 'cause money's just a legend, man. What a bad badass man. Now you also said you wanted to meet one of your musical idols. Were Stevie Wonder. Yeah. Did you ever get an Opportunity to meet? Yeah, you know, we haven't met in person, but I, I faith. Yeah. Yeah. And I got, I got a chance to do a record with him too. So I think he's gonna put it out on his next record. I, I hope so. I hope it's gonna come out. I'm, I'm really excited. It's it is a good record. It's called Politic Player and Wow. Yeah. Which is such an honor to be on, on Steve Wonder record. But yeah, he did FaceTime. I'll tell you about it. It's so funny, man. He, he FaceTimed, did he Hold the camera up himself? Yeah. And here's the thing, here's the thing.


He is actually blind. Y'all. He, this is true life. He was blind. I can, I can Danny. I I'm saying people say people, there's a conspiracy that he is not. And he is. You Seen him pick up the mic that fell. I, look, look, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I was on the phone with this. I was FaceTiming this man and he said he turned his, he put the camera around. He said, this is my son over here. And then he said, I'm over here today. He pulled over here and he said, and this is my niece. And then he had, he had phone facing her. And for the next 10 minutes of the conversation, I, I'll look as far as you are. I looked at his niece and not him all. And he was holding, he was holding the camera like he was holding, like he thought I was, I did not have the heart blind.


She was, she was sitting there confirmation that s wanted this blind. She, she, she was sitting there texting on her phone. I didn't have her heart to say, Hey, I can't see you baby s that. Well you know my dumb ass man. My dumb ass. The reason he called me 'cause I was in Tokyo, right? Oh man. I was in Tokyo And I had found, I had found my favorite album of all time. Best album ever. Songs in Aquila. I, I found a, a CD of it. It was a Tokyo version of it, like the Japanese version of it. And my dumb ass, you texted him a picture of it. Oh my goodness. Like an idiot. Like, like he was gonna see it, right? Right. Like I just texted, that's what I found, bro. That's what I found, bro. What? Say what? He just FaceTime me. So I was like, see, and my dumb ass too was like, you give him a touch.


He's definitely, he didn't see it, bro. I don't think so. So I just, just to put all those things to rest for you. To the person to shut down the rumors Is crazy. Oh my goodness. All these years black people have been trying to figure this out. And you are the one that solved the Problem. I just, I just know I was looking at his knees for about 15 minutes up again. Well there You have it. Teddy Swims y'all, we Appreciate you for joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's tj, nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. And Jess is gonna try to help Lauren LaRosa with her love life a little bit. Yeah. Now you had some recommendations I did of some guys that she could possibly be dating. I did. I did.


I'm just gonna run, you know, run through them quickly again. 53-year-old gentleman, the millionaire, he loves to just shower you. He travels a lot. He wants more kids, he wants to remarry. Deep lover kind of guy. But he wants you to be a housewife. And I know you said you be outside, you know, but what would make you stay in a millionaire man who ain't never really home anyway, you know? Oh, he never home with you. No, he travels to work. He travels a lot. He going, I'm not traveling a million. He's not a millionaire for nothing. But I can't travel with him. You can, but he wants you to be a,


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back. The ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging out and catching up. There's a coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie or girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people. But it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends, friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins. Even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the laughs, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day until a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans and bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the BEST MOMENTS are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yo Kpop is, it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something Epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the K factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go House.


Wiping. He's a bit controlling. Those were the disadvantages. Now you got this other 30 5-year-old man, he's a overseas athlete. He wants commitment. He's a Christian, God-fearing guy. Understands values. He goes out of his way to make sure that you are, that you know you're safe and you're loved by him. But he don't believe in marriage and he don't want kids. And you want both of those things so lesser. I can't travel with oh head. You, you may be able to in the beginning, but he, if he wants you to be a housewife, he wants you at home. He wants somebody that's gonna make his home a home. He wants to remarry you. He wants to keep you on tuck. I'm just not a keep on tucked person. You Can do your show from the house. Yeah, but like then what after that, like, like I'm just having, I'm sitting at home like maybe he Said, you ain't never gotta ever come back in the studio.


You can do this from home. He done work something out. Try to get me home. I remote. He ain't gotta work again. This is a powerful man. He done work something out. I heard. Look, my wife need to be home. Like she need to work, be able to work from the house. And it's, It's, it's, but I'm there by myself. It's no dinner party, nothing. That's tough. Pick one 30 5-year-old don want kids or marriage and is he like, set on that or kidnapping? We'll give you a chance to, to think about it. 'cause we got a lot of people on the phone lines. Mm. Now I'm, I'm gonna step back. I'm gonna let Jess figure out who's good for You. Yeah. Because you done told them, I don't want, somebody don't need to have a job and they Can be in jail. Yeah. Like, Hello? Who's this? This is Trina. Oh. Hey Trina.


How, how you feeling this morning? I'm good. What are you calling for ma'am? I'm trying to shoot my shot at Lauren. Oh, you trying to shoot your shot at Lauren? Okay. Whoa. Yeah. Lauren said come on. Come on now. Are you a Stu? What's up Lauren? Hey, what's up? How are you? You like girls? No Emini Here. I can change your mind. I can change your mind just one day. Whoa. Change your mind. What you do with that one day? I'm, I'm curious. I'm gonna take you on a day. I'm gonna give you a free few drinks. Okay? We gonna talk and then we gonna go to my house. Now Are you a stud, kind, real kind Sound Like, Doesn't sound like A I'm, I'm, I'm a woman.


I like boys And I just got probably like a year ago. What's your Instagram? Lemme see what you look like. Why does it even made Alone? T because I'm curious. T-R-A-P-P. Hold on, lemme make sure Don't try to make it private. Don't try to delete photos. A p I'm not delete nothing. This a new Instagram. So T-R-A-P-D-O-G-D-O-G-T-R-G Like Guide. What? Just spell it. What is it? Emini Here. Not spell it. Just trap Guide. Oh, you be trapping Trap. God. Tri TNA with two A's if N So it's T-R-I-A-N-A-A. Okay, so trap guide Trina.


T-R-A-P-G-O-D-T-R-I. What she Look like? Trina does not look anything like what I thought she would look like. What she look like? Trina is giving Hey, Baie. Okay. Uhuh. But she don't, she's a Baie. Uhuh No girl. She, if I feel like if Lauren would do a woman, it would have to be a stud. No, No. She don't need no damn stud. Damn thud. Damn. But Trina, you, you, hold on. I'm, I'm voting for you. Hold on. All Right. I'm voting for you. What I'm, that's my vote. Trina is a free just chocolate girl. Girl. I know that's right. Trina. Riana. I'm not voting. The body is giving, I'm not voting any girl. I Look at Trina and I'm like, yes. Bestie. Like take a Drink, let drink. Yeah, let's, let's go. Maybe that's What you need. Sit your ass down. No. Hello. Who's this? Hello, this is Eric. Oh, okay. Eric. What's up? All right.


Voy, where you calling from? Eric? Houston, Texas. Houston Texas. Okay brother. Go ahead man. Shoot your shot at Lauren. Yeah. What's going on? How you doing? I've been hearing a lot about you. You don't know too much, but you know I'm at work one now. So you got a bear with him? Look at our face. I wasn't expect him to get through. What Do you do sir? Yes. Oh, I'm a CDL driver. Ooh, okay. Do you have kids? Yes I do. How old are you? Emini Here. Not look, my I'm 52 when you look at me, you wouldn't even think that. A lot of people believe I'm in my thirties, but Ooh. So You was? Yeah, I'm a dad. Okay. Have you ever, have you ever been married before? Right, right. I've been divorced just one time. Mm. It's kind of funny that story too.


I've been with her for over like 20 years and then when we got married, she, like a year later, she divorced me. It's crazy. It's another story though. Mm Mm Okay. Have you ever dealt with a woman with different wigs? I've never dealt with a woman. With what? With different wigs, sir? Different Wigs. Wigs. Yes. Yeah, wigs. Yeah. I, you gotta be teasing though about that man. As long as it's, thank you babe. You know? Yeah. Yeah. That's funny man. That, that, that keeps me going. But yeah, Charlemagne gives you a hard time with that, but yeah, it doesn't, Lonza looks good. Lonza ain't looking like a rat on top of your head or something like that. It's all good. Okay. He like the different Personalities So far he has, he has a good job.


He has a child. He's been divorced. He knows how, he knows how to treat a woman. Very Calm voice and soothing. Yes. This is the last, yeah. Yeah, this is the last how Very close to my mom too, you know. You know, sometimes we bump heads, but that's my mom though. That's like my first girlfriend. So it is what it is. Okay. All right. How would you deal with an argument if you and Lauren were disa, you know, disagreeing on something and, and she got a little rowdy, you know, 'cause she younger. She's younger. She not in her fifties, you know, and she got a little spice to her. How would you handle that? Well, you know when you have a disagreement and there's always a conclusion and sometimes if you don't come with one, sometimes you gotta agree to disagree but at least you move forward. Learn from that, you know, and you get into with everybody.


Okay? People at work, people at, you know, home, even your own kids. But you just gotta learn how to I like them, you know, just work it out. That's basically best thing I can say. You can't just, everything not gonna go the way you want it to go, but you know, you try to work it out for the best as long as you see what's ahead. Okay. Do you have all your teeth? Oh whoa. Of course. And it's all mine. It's not On. All right, perfect. Just last question. Pause, pause, pause. How's the D game? La Vitro Cialis. Man, you shouldn't be asking the ladies asking that. Making Sure you good because you kind of older. Just Wanna make sure it still works. If you gonna do a look for Me, man, bro, I'm not old. Look at me. He ain't if gonna get Side, that's My si. I wanna make sure my sister's happy.


All right, good. Alright, we gonna put you on hold. I'm voting for the girl still. I'm Voting for the guy. Okay. WDA s. That's what we gonna call her. Five eighty eighty five one oh five Orange. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Sheryl Underwood. Ladies Gentlemen, baby, listen. Okay, how where we start? Wherever you watching Ms. Underwood ask me anything. Well listen 'cause I got to, you know, because I'm old school, I gotta sell these tickets. Mix and mingle. You know we out there street walking to these tickets. Absolutely. I need joke because I gotta ask y'all a question. Black female comedians. Yes ma'am.


Are we hitting or do we gotta struggle for it now? Just what's, what you thinking? We ain't gotta struggle for it. Well then why we ain't got no radio shows that we do ourselves, sitcoms that we do ourselves, podcasts that we do ourselves and movies that we do ourselves. Back in the old days, you know, simply marvelous. Everybody was doing Lord. Hey everybody. It seemed like now something has taken the place of what we used to get. It used to be we was the Marli gig. We walk in, throw that joke up, hit Sherman Hansley and walk out. Now we don't even get that right. I got A, I got a reason. I think I, 'cause I saw you on Club Shehe talking about the radio portion. Yes. I think for whatever reason radio didn't look sexy to a generation. So there wasn't a lot of people who went and pursued it.


So you know you got your Didi McGuires. But did had been around, Deedee been around S but she's a radio person. That's right. That's right. But if, but if DL okay dl Steve, Ricky. Then why is it not me just not saying we don't wanna work here? 'cause I've been trying to get a job here. Lemme talk to y'all about y'all. I've been trying to get a job here. You know, I keep coming up here and y'all keep moving to location on me. Think I listen like we used to be up. I been trying to get a job when you got a job. I was like, oh, maybe I should lose a couple of pounds or something. Put some nails on or something. I don to take my nails off 'cause they was killing me. Oh and fungus ain't for punks.


Okay, listen, that's your, you better check. Make sure nobody at your front door. Oh now listen, okay, I know what that means. That's if they don't quit walking across my stuff because that's what make the battery run out. Go to bed and then they ain't even us. You know, if it was us you could be all night long, but when there's other races of people, take your ass to bed and stop messing my battery up. Okay. What was I talking about? You talking about people doing radio? No, women. Yeah, Women not being in the Position. I wanna do radio out. You know, I, I call Doc all the time. Doc, doc look out for me. I'm not on s no more. We gotta keep working. Let's do it. I guess I, I would, I would do a po What would I, what would I wanna talk about? Well I know what I wanna talk about. What would you recommend? 'cause you know you be making that money too. You be, man listen, I need to write a book.


I need, matter of fact, I need to just do the Charlemagne tha god Sure. Success story. Okay, so wait a minute now hold on. What we gonna talk about? Because you know, and then that's the thing. It is when you do a podcast, you gotta really think about what is it that people wanna hear from Cheryl. That's right. What you think Justin, you what I'm saying? What you think? When you seen me, like soon as you came in here, you looked at me, it was like what's going on over was girl. It was, it was a Yeah. And I the, when I woke up, no, you fly to death. That's how you come to work in the morning. Thank you. You come to work Fly and Sexy Compton. But ready to, you know, if I need to in the meet me the break. Roll. Listen, don't sleep on them money.


Right. Did The Breakfast Club. Don't let the success fool you. We'll squab with any radio show come up here with smoke. You gonna get smoked back. We the perfect club. That's right. Because we going to hit you in the morning. S Right, That is a good question you asked because when Jess first started her podcast, carefully reckless, she was talking about pop culture and stuff and then it turned into you talking about Yourself turned into just fix my mess. Yeah. Then just fix my mess. Yeah, because what I went into it with thinking I'm gonna talk about what I wanna talk about, but nah, podcast, they don't really see you. We got a lot of people that, that shoot their podcast. But I was just doing audio. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm already video visually everywhere else. So I'm like, nah, I'm gonna just lead this to audio. But I, the mistake I made was like, alright, they wanna hear what they hear online. Nah, we wanna hear something different.


We can go online if you wanna hear what you talk about online. So That's right. Give us advice on stuff. Jess, you, your storytelling is amazing. All of your experiences. Your, you always been an open book, Jess. So we going through the same things. How did you get through it? How can you help us get through it? That's when it changed from me being just with the mess on my podcast. Yes. To me, Jess, fix my mess now. You know, people call up, yes. I can fix people's mess here every Thursday. You know, they call up, they having situations at work, they having, you know, turmoil in their relationships. That's right. That's right. That's friendships, family. That's right. Stuff like that. And I, well, since you fixing things I need you to find me a man. And this is where we going go to every lobster in the history of mankind. 'cause it's a brother that run Red Lobster. Really? Okay. So what's up with him? What's up with, with him? We got his contact and he actually, he single, I believe.


How he young? He's young. Yeah. He's in his thirties. I think he his thirties. I do that. Y'all saw me in club go 35 95. What? Trying to do 30, 95, 9, 5. You ain't never Had sex with no 95-year-old man. Listen to a 95-year-old man. I'm, I'm a young tender to a 95-year-old kid to Ru Nathan. Now I'm young, but to a 30 5-year-old man, I can teach him things. Plus I need my privacy. Yeah. You know, I want somebody to live right next door or in another state. You know, it's called me at night. Check on me, see if I'm still alive. Oh, you don't wanna live with nobody? No, I don't think that's a good idea. In the beginning. Well, I don't believe in Shaq And I never believed in that. I'm not live. No, man.


'cause you don't know the day at a hour to master return. You know? But, And I, And I don't like, I don't like sex A wait, what that mean? You think the man that's Gonna die, you don't wanna be with him? No. You just don't know when Jesus is coming back. Oh. So now he judging stack it up. Now you Right. I'm, I'm living with a dude And I think the Lord be looking down to my life. You know, I be like, man, I was just about to give her all these blessings, you know what I'm saying? To give her all this money and everything. She ain't ready. She on premarital Sex. No. That's when I get caught slipping. Now listen, sometimes I get caught. I get caught slipping. You know? Fair exchange. Ain't no robbery. You take me out to eat. I need to do something for it. You know what I'm saying? I need, I need I all, all some ties or something. Yeah. You know, 'cause a lot of women out. Yeah. I did what I did.


Shut up. You need to do something for this man. He done took you out. You done ate well. Yeah. And everything. He don't just like you And I Kiki. No. So You trick a little Bit, Cheryl? No, I wouldn't say I trick a little bit. I Just say fair exchange. Ain't no robbery. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna talk to you And I'm gonna tell you what I can do. What I can't do. I'm tell you, if you, if you want something that I don't know how to do, I call Jess. Jess, you wanna jump in this because do I want to be tagged in and then Yeah. Tagged in because the things I can't do, I'm over here making sandwiches. Well, you know, I'm engaged so I can't, I would've done that. Listen, okay ma, how did you get engaged? Engaged. See, I need to do your joint so you can tell me, how did you get engaged? I, Jess How did you get engaged? She got A Mexican, he needed pan First.


Wow. Is, yes, he is Mexican. Mexican and black. But he's black first. But you said Mexican first. So you know what that means. She said Mexican first. Say she. Yes. You say she she said Mexican. Are you what? Yes. 'cause Cheryl that's sitting right next To him, I identifies what I need to identify as in The moment. Oh, you in the pronouns. Yes. Yes. See that's how we lost. You can't be in everything black. I don About your pronouns. Don't listen. All the black people are not doing all of that. We get frustrated. That's when we call you straight your name. That's right. We not against your rights and everything. That's right. But we can't be thinking about all this stuff and everything. That's right. Because people gotta stop walking on the back of our movement, then go to get they thing and then they pulling it from everybody.


See, that's what I would want to talk about. I got questions. Exactly. I wanna ask questions, but also I wanna do relationship. I wanna, when you get caught in something, me and Shannon used to kick it. You know, we used Kick It. I was trying, man, they shot And I was trying to get it just that Did they used to call him Shaha back then? No, I didn't know who that was. Okay. When I heard Sheha, I was like, bruh, you know, because I was trying to, yeah, I was, I was trying to put that four on him that went back. Just take it, take it, take it. You can take it. Take it. Go sleep. Go to sleep, go to sleep. Go to sleep. Go to sleep. Go to sleep. So back when, when y'all used to say, okay, so when you saw that live or whatever right? You that took you down in all kind of sports. Baseball, soccer, Olympics, football, hockey.


I was running up in all kind of sports because I'm the different girl. I'm the girl that a dude get with and go, you know, I never thought I would like, shut it up, shut it up, take it, take it, go to sleep. Go to sleep. I was that girl too. So you got, you got to the Mexicans and black, the Mexican black together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I mess with that too. Gateway to legal immigration. Right through hell. I mess with all of that. Colombian Cuban, Mexican El Salvadorian. You know El Salvadorian is really black, you know, because they be, you know, they be trying to say who ain't coming. And now he done picked up everybody. But you voted. You voted, you singing, you voted. But you didn't think he was gonna flip a script on you. Anybody hustle hard Like Donald Trump was hustling hard and did what he did.


But we knew it. We knew it. So I would want to talk about everything yo show with every do talk about the podcast. That's right. And I love the Lord. All we have more with Sheryl Underwood. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Sheryl Underwood. Charlamagne. Hey, you look good too, Cheryl. You look what about 110? I I was like two 50. I wildling baby. I didn't know I was wi You didn't know this when she was two 50. But we had a table two 50. We, because we had a table and you know they, I was coming out last. Oh, when you sitting down And I was, I was wildling to the table. Right. You know what I'm saying?


I was crossed between Biggie and Tracy Morgan. Jesus. Right. So I, so no, for real, for real. Wait a minute. Wait, what? I here was y the show that, that I said I looked like Lil Yachty And I saying yacht. No. See I thought it, but I never said it. I think I said it. I thought I said it. I, because I said because I saw the picture, man, I ain't know yourself. And I, because remember Lil Yachty did this thing in the video. Yes. And I said, oh dang. And then there's a picture and somebody put 'em side by side And I, I took it. I claim it. If you got a good line on me, I'll take that line. But if, if it ain't a good line, you might get tapped.


You know, you might get tapped these little bitty, these little sharp knuckles and not iron loss. 110 pounds. I got a good black doctor too. Dr. Zuri Morrell. You got to check him out. So you had surgery to lose the weight? No. Oh no. I was going to have it because that is what was recommended. And then when I went to get the, I did the psych psychological test. 'cause you gotta go through a lot of testing before you get to surgery. Yeah. And then I went to get the, I was getting my colonoscopy. So I said, well you might as well do the endoscopy 'cause the equipment goes down your throat. And I like, okay, nevermind. I'm about to go in a whole nother tangent. But when I went to do that, my colorectal, Dr. Dr. Zuri, Morrell brother over at Cedar Sinai Morehouse man said, why are you doing this?


And so he started to read my record and he said, try this first. Hmm. So then he put me on Saxenda first and then I went to Wegovy and everything changed. And we monitor all of my vitals and my blood work and everything. And that's what you gotta do. But this can be done. The other thing that can be done, we need to be buying up property. That's right. That people don't want. Yeah. And changing neighborhoods and putting healthy stuff next to stuff we love. And then we need to put small clinics in every neighborhood. You don't have to go to the hospital way far away just to come down and get your blood pressure checked. You need to be able to walk. In the old days we used to walk places. We need to bring that back.


We who have money, access and power need to use that money access and power. Because now they'll give us something, somebody else will start using it and then they'll take it away. That's right. You ain't hurting me. Why did the talk get canceled? You want my personal opinion? I don't know. 'cause you know that's above my pay grade. I'm asking she Right. You want my opinion? Yes, yes, yes. Well, I, I think we had the Dream Team five. The Dream Team five was Julie Chan, Moonves, Aisha Tyler, Sharon Osborne, and Sarah Gilbert created the show, brought us to CBS and then here I come. That's the dream team. Fight Eve came just as good, you know. So to me, once you get away from your dream team combination, do people really care?


And all we really talking about something, you don't have to argue politics. I think the View does an amazing job with what they do. Yeah. Right. But we, we can't be that. Some people don't wanna pick a side. Right. Sometimes you don't wanna argue all the time. But also I think we gotta understand it is no longer visionary and entertainment. It is now corporation in entertainment. If you are not cost efficient, yeah. You will not stay on. And if you're not generating revenue, you will not stay on. And I think once we lost the components that made our, made us great, then we had to understand that it ain't your season no more. And beyond the gates. I believe it was something that I was told from other sources.


Christophe St. John, when he was alive, he was trying to put this together years ago. It's been in development for years. It's their time. It's their opportunity. People should support it. People should watch it and keep it on the air. Because at the end of the day, we all need the jobs. Now, would I like to do another talk show? Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. I I've found that I have the skill And I like doing it, but I'd like to do something a little bit different where I could talk about everything with everybody. Yeah. You know, And I just got a couple of questions, you know, so what you joked earlier, you joked right on bias. Sharon Osborne And I clocked it, but I'm gonna bring it on back. Real talk. That's why I told you when I walked in, what I say, you ask me what's up with you.


Did you ask me anything? Didn't I tell you? Yeah, you asked me anything because you could ask me anything. It's how I answer. Okay. Okay. Wait a minute. Where, where y'all at now? Like how is y'all relationship now? How is it? Listen, I wasn't mad. I I'm I I'll tell y'all 'cause I, anybody ask me, I'll tell y'all. And I trust y'all. Yeah. Remember? No, we're Talking to millions of people. It ain't just us. I just want you to know this Family's millions of people. Okay? Come get the mix and mingle tickets. Hit me up on Instagram. I need to sell out everything. Tacoma, Washington. Gotta sell that out up. Tacoma Comedy Club. Tommy T's in California. Looney Ben in Arkansas. Oh yeah. Baltimore Comedy Factory in Cama. And I be in Detroit at least three times. I need to sell everything to finance everything. But back to your question. Yes. So remember they was Pierce and Sherm.


They was talking about Meghan Markle. Yep. And I, I pulled them to the side when he came on the show, I said, you cannot mess with her. Why? Her mama and them is Windsor Hills. She fell in love with a dude and now she living in Windsor Palace. You can't talk about her. Yeah. We have to ride on You don't do this. Right. You could state your point, but you ain't riding on her like that. Well they, he was riding then there was a co-sign. The co-sign caught black Twitter, black social media undefeated to this day. Right. So they was dragging. And a lot of people don't like that heat. Right. When I got in trouble, I had to go to the black community.


I'm sorry I was wrong. But then I found out I got caught up in something that I think God was telling me, something bigger is coming. You better prepare yourself for what's coming. So on that day and that time period be in drag, then you wanna come back in and say, I got something I want to say. Hmm. Well, there was discussion about we gonna ask you some questions back when people go ride ride. Cool, cool. Ask me anything. And then when it get heated and then you want to jump funky on somebody. Well, this day I believe that God said, did I not tell you servant that something is coming sit down. Why? Because if I had come out of a bag on her, if I had been the Cheryl Underwood from the past that you know me.


Who the you talking I, my last name is what I would've been a reflection on you. So just don't get the opportunity because black females don't know how to control themselves. But Sometimes you gotta check a Yeah. But you gotta know how and when to check somebody. And on that day, the blessing from God was for me to sit there and when somebody say, what are we gonna do, Cheryl? Because remember I was moderating, which is the leadership position. I liked being the anchor. Right. Julie Chen Moonves was the moderator. I like being the anchor. Right. She'd tee it up for me. I take it down and we go to break, I'd slam dunk it and we go to break. If I ain't got nothing, I, well nah.


If I got give her the signal, I ain't got nothing. That's a relationship. Yeah. But if somebody's jumping on you sometime you got to let them flame out. I love her. I love every woman and man that I've worked with. But when something like that happened, I think the blessing from God was, look how Cheryl has matured. Look what Cheryl did not do on CBS. When a black man is running it, we've got to understand we represent each other. Yeah. I could have lit her up and for that moment everybody would've been happy until they're not. So I think I did what I should have done, which was sit there and let you keep talking. Yeah. Let you keep talking. Now was I hurt? Come on.


Just, you know me. Yeah. Who the you talking to? Yeah. I wanted to go to break. I ain't did do you. Who you talking to? But then I was like, shut it up Cheryl, shut it up. Go home, make a onic. Ask God to take this heat off your back. But Then she apologized, but then she went on stage, stage still show and said she regretted apologizing and actually said you Absolutely. And see to me, I would say this, everybody wants to know my feeling. I wanna know what was your reaction to one minute. You apologize the next minute you not one minute you f you Fs. And the next minute you not one minute you making little comments about somebody in leadership, but you not, or people are coming out with their information that they've witnessed.


So wait a minute, Cheryl might not be the villain. See what happens is when you get power, even power on the level that we got it now you become a threat. Right. But we don't wanna wield our power where you can't work. We need you to survive. So when people look back and go, Cheryl, do you regret it? No. Who would've thought Cheryl Underwood from Def Comedy Jam. BET Comedy View would be on the number one network. The red state. The, the, the the Square business network that do all the police procedurals would be on a talk show. That's why sometime you got to know, to play your position. Alright. We have more With Sheryl Underwood when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We Are The Breakfast Club.


We're still kicking it with Sheryl Underwood. Charlamagne. I have a The women blocking you. Yeah. And I have a strident personality as well. You know, I walk in the a a boss. Yeah, I will. 'cause when you are a female comic, you are the boss. You are everything. So when I walk in, sure. Can you do No, I cannot read this right here. Just like when I did, what was the movie that Lisa Ray, Jamie Fox Players Club. Yeah. Okay. So they called me because in my past I was doing a little sexual interpretive dance. Okay. On the side one. You the stripper? She No, the part that ade took, you know, I I'm too short to be Diamond. That wouldn't have been a good movie at all. Y'all would've, y'all would've walked out on the bootleg what was strip? I was she Huh? What was yours? Stripper name.


I didn't had no stripper night. This would've was, you know, I'm from Chicago, right? Yeah. You know Cheryl scr Right? Right There. It's, but you know, I grew up in Chicago. So I was going to UIC They had an ad in the paper where you was go, it was, it was a million. It was linger in the paper And De Daniel. It was lingerie modeling. Okay. It was lingerie modeling. And it was where you come out with the lingerie. It was in a tavern. Yeah. A family den. It was in a tavern on Stony Island. Oh yeah. And you come out with the lingerie on Yeah. I I, nah, but I know it's old. Yeah, for real. It a tavern in there. Right. And I'm not a great heel walker. So I came out and everything And I got it on.


But damn, you had everything against you. Everything, everything was against you. Everything. He was in the salon let you know what you That's right. With the gun. Smoke. Listen, Festus James on listen to me. You better come out Rifle man. Chap kind. Right before Roots. When we start hating him, man, damn Jesus. I'm in the, I'm in the trying to get the money Right because I'm trying to go to college. Right. So I come out, but God let you know what you ain't supposed to do. Right. So I come out And I know I'm not good at this, but them other girls, they doing it. They stripping. Yeah. Because they buy the lingerie and then you're supposed to strip it off. Right. Yeah. But I'm, I'm not good at, I'm garbage at this. Right. Yeah. So I start telling jokes and acting crazy and falling out stage.


No, you have to walk around the tavern. Buy the do to buy it. So them, them hood dudes, you know, hood dudes like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh you, you crazy. You crazy. Yeah. You need to go home. You need to go home. You not at this rock. Dang. So they start paying me for that. Oh. And that, and that's, and that's how they were like, listen, you funny and you smart. And then that's when I started having an affinity for the street. Dude. And I, I talked for the street dude. I hang out with the street dudes, you know, and street dudes have backed me up in life. So, like you say, I didn't have to fight for myself because a street dude was always willing to step up. Look, I creep on the low, you know I go through three hotels at one time. Listen, meet me in the lobby of this one. We gonna get in the cab. We gonna go down to this one. That's right. But we not gonna stay. We gonna go out the back.


Then I don want you to go around the corner. Now you gotta drive another car. I don't want everybody knowing my business. Yeah. So people were trying to say I was, it's worth all that Cheryl. But they were saying that I was. And I What is it worth all that though? Tell it's, it's alright. Emini here. I no, I tell the truth now. Before we before you. She lemme take you out to dinner first. I tell you it's garbage below the waist. Garbage. I ain't got move above the neck. Fire that late for work. Late. You're late for work. Okay. You'll be mad. You'll be mad. You be like, what day is it? Am my, am my kidneys gone? My, my wisdom. You took my wisdom tooth out. I'll put you down. I put, I put you down. I make you call me. I make you call Michelle.


And I don't need a full face of makeup. I know when I did a good job. When they don't care whether I got a wig or makeup on her. I just need to see you. I bet you do. I bet you do. I know, I know what I, I know what I'm doing. But I but fair exchange ain't no robbery. Now I'll tell you the truth. You want this. It's not good. You have to find somebody good. I'm at the top. I'm not at not about. And see I would hang out with Gail 'cause she said she looking for somebody. But she's gonna have a hard time. Why you say that? Why successful women are gonna have a hard time? Because some men think we don't need you. I need you. I need you. You could work at the gas station And I need you. Why? 'cause I know I'm getting honey buns. I'm gonna get barbecue chips and a full tank of gas.


I was raised say gas And I, I'm gonna motivate you to buy the gas station you work in. Mm. And then I'm gonna motivate you to buy more gas stations. That's right. If that's what you wanna do. Now, if you cool working at the gas station, I'm make sure your shirt is fresh and iron Nate. 'cause your real name is Nathaniel. I'm gonna make sure. But I always say Nathan, I'm gonna Sure I'm make sure your shirt is ready. Gimme some sugar Now go work at the gas station. I'm gonna scuba round. Get me a tank of gas. I need that 91 octane baby. There you go. And I'll see you later. No. Oh boy. Oh boy. What's his name? What's his name? He's in all the commercials now. Big dude. Big dude. Drusky. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, everybody was blowing my phone. Drusky trying to hit. I was like where at? Oh yeah.


Did what say trying to, because he always looking for love. That's come on trying mentioned up here. Yeah, he did. Yeah. He said he wanted to holler Underwood. Everybody was calling me going Juicy said he want hit. I said be well let's call him. Tell him what's up. You d I'm in this city. No I don, I don't know how to do all that. Man. Who the hell be DMing me from your page Y the damn time. Oh wow. That be me. Wait a minute. But then you look Instagram. Wait a wait a minute. Lemme tell you what happened. Remember I said is this still you? Yes. I'm secret. Is this still you? She wanted to make sure like I'm not sitting, I need to come on your shout. Am she think yo, she acts like we got a different number or something.


She asked you was that still you? This still work. Thank you. So yes. I'm gonna tell I'ma I'm gonna connect you Andrus. Okay. But listen, no y'all need to, what y'all need to do? We need to meet up somewhere. Y'all need to film it. See it's not, this is documented and now need to get that kiss goodnight. 'cause I, I like to kiss. I don't really like to do nothing Now you know me and Fla, he escorted me to the BET Comedy Awards. You horse, you did Flavor Fla. Yeah. Escorted me. And he was like, you know he thought he was just doing it, you know, being dashing and everything. Yeah. But then when I did my set one, the l la Cool J performed on way back in the day a when I had my little Mako, my outside Mako. And one of the Wayan brothers had me in the corner. He was rapping to the beat. And I said, you know this is Cheryl Underwood right.


And he was like, Cheryl. I was like, yeah man, you still trying to holler. You know what I'm saying? Because you know, usually I don't look, you know, but I got the best Dale McDonald Best GL Man three Emmys to my one. So anyway, I, you know, I was trying to get my, get myself together and you know, I be texting people And I don't know if people really like me. Right. You gotta figure out do you really like me because I'm not gonna throw it out there If you don't like me and if you like me then let's go out now if you wanna film it, film it. So me and Flav get together, I do my set. Then he's like, well come to the after party. I said, now I'm going home. Go to bed. He said, nah, come to the after party. We'll have a good time. This dude was getting drinks, everything. He was chivalrous everything. So I was like, okay, it's time for me to go, you know, I said goodnight. And he was like, goodnight.


And so he moved in for the movie And I said, all right you buying them drinks. Bought a lot of drinks and I'm still standing. Okay. And we kissed goodnight. And I was like, what? Damn. Oh, we said favor. We said favor. Trade exchange. What you say? Fair Exchange ain't a robbery. Fair Exchange ain't robbery, aint it? Ain't no robbery. You trying to holler at me. But he was dashing for me. You get me on Dashing handsome a man. Hmm hmm. Right. I'm I like a baby de balls. But people think, why would you mess with fla? Right. He was dashing, he was handsome And I felt it was an appropriate goodnight kiss. Hmm. It don't mean we gonna be together because you may not like me. You might just have a feeling. Hmm. You know what I'm saying? If you got the feeling, what you wanna do after this? There you Dr. Don't you get scared? Yeah.


I'm putting the pressure on. Don't get scared, But we gonna have to come back here and y'all gonna have to let the cameraman follow us. You know, figure it out because we hit the Red Lobster in Times Square. And, and, and Tear Apart. Ain't gonna be no more Crab legs. You better get, So you better do something other than Red Lobster. No. Why? No, We help the brother. We trying to help the brother. I Red Lobster. If you go to my Instagram page, I've been going to Red Lobsters with people all over the country with Deuce. If you wanna date me and I'm in the city and there's a Red Lobster, I'd like to go on Thursday night 'cause I need to get some sleep due with the promotion on Friday. But I want to go into the Red Lobster 'cause we gotta bring that back as the popping spot. Yeah. We gotta help this brother. Right. We we gotta talk to the brother over at Low. We got the brother that's running Lowe's.


We ain't talked to you. If you are on the list, we need to talk to you Cheryl. Not Wrong. That's right. That's right. Okay. So when I'm coming back, when I come back, whatever you want to listen. I, I ain't trying to take a, a position. Oh girl, I I I just try to get in 'cause I need another time. Somebody try to Do that. Well, nah, I don. I don. Mm. I don't get down like that. I don't get down and you don't train your replacement. I got jokes about that too. Somebody walk up to you Teach me how to run a coffee machine. That's a coffee machine. I thought that was a Vend machine. I ain't never seen it. Mingle, mix and mingle. Tickets did Y take. That's The Breakfast Club. It's it's The Breakfast Club. You're checking out The Breakfast Club. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go.


They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve, the people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a reed, but You're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only one Charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you he to Dusty today? To now Donkey today goes to Monja. I think that's his name. Monja Monja D James Wooden. Okay. He's 25 years old and hails from the great state of Kentucky. Drop on a cruise bombs for everyone who listen to us on real 93 1 in Louisville, Kentucky. Thank you for your support. Now we all love fast food. We eat it for different reasons. The number one reason is we're hungry.


Okay. It's convenient. It provides comfort. Full disclosure, you know I'm a fast food franchise owner, salute Crystal, dropping a cruise bombs for Crystal. But another fast food restaurant I grew up on is Wendy's. And that's why this story made me laugh because I understood both parties involved. Okay. When I was a kid, I would drive my grandmother Rosalie into town. Okay? She would run her errands in Mos corner, South Carolina. And when Aaron's was done, she would always wanna go to Wendy's. And when we got to Wendy's, she would stress to me when we was going through the drive through that she wanted her fries hot. Okay? I can literally hear her right now telling me, not tell him you want the fries hot. She would stress hot. And that's a common sentiment amongst anyone who orders french fries.


You want them fresh, you want them hot. But those Wendy's hot fries hit different. Even though I think in 2025 crystal fries are better. But those Wendy's hot fries, slap and Manja was angry over the temperature of his fry. A temperature of his fries. Now when you're angry over the temperature of your fries, you simply say, Hey, these fries are cold. I would like them hot. Most fast food restaurants will oblige. But when it's 10:41 PM at night in Kentucky, apparently handling things civilly is not an option. See, Manja and a group of people he was with allegedly started arguing in the drive through over the cold fries. And then the suspect in his squad went in the Wendy's because they wanted action. What happened next? Let's go to ABC 11 on your side for the report please. A man was arrested today in connection to a shooting at a Wendy's restaurant.


One police, police started over cold French fries. LMPD says Manja. James Wooten turned himself in for the January 6th shooting. According to his arrest citation, he was with two other people in that Wendy's drive through on Dixie Highway. James Wooten and the other suspects allegedly got into a fight with the worker over cold french fries. Louisville Police released these photos from the scene. Three suspects got out of the drive through and then came inside the restaurant where James Wooten allegedly fired at the Wendy's worker. She was hit and taken to the hospital where she's expected to survive. James Wooten is right now being held on a bond of $50,000.


Round of applause for that Wendy's employee. Okay? In the immortal words of Rayquan, the chef, you got guns. We got guns too. Okay? And in the words of the Almighty Bo Hagen F that you buck we buck back. See? Mind you, you learned a valuable lesson. And that lesson is simply never judge a book by its cover. You thought homie was sweet because you know they weren't in there thugging, okay? You, you thought that you was going to go in that Wendy's and bully that person because they worked at Wendy's. You saw it in black pants, that red shirt, that black apron with the Wendy's logo on it. And you thought this was gonna be a breeze. And then that Wendy's employee showed you that the beef really is fresh, never frozen. Okay? You went for hot fries and ended up getting hot fire.


Now this is why I be telling folks go to therapy though. Okay? You have to go do the work on yourself because this is simply not proper conflict resolution, okay? If your fries are not hot, there is absolutely zero reason to argue with the fast food employee and your damn sure don't need to go in the Wendy's and lick a shot. Okay? What is the point? How many times do I have to get on this radio and tell folks before they react? Do some jail math in your head. All right. Simple calculations. Can I afford to do what it is I'm about to do? Because the cost can sometimes be too high. You might lose your life, you might lose your freedom. And who wants to die or go to jail forever over that new mushroom bacon cheeseburger at Wendy's. Okay? Manja is being held right now with a bail set at $50,000 and he's being charged with assault.


I'm sure it's gonna end up being assault with a deadly weapon. That's 20 years, okay? In Kentucky, sir, 20 years in prison because you wanted your fries hot and didn't know how to properly communicate that to a Wendy's employee. Now you about to go to prison. Lemme tell you something. Hmm? You about to go to prison and when they find out what you in there for, they going to give that fresh meat a nickname. Okay? I promise you they gonna call you Young Baker Nader in prison. All right? That's right. You gonna go into prison single. But after a few months somebody gonna order a double. And when the word gets out that you like it hot, somebody gonna order a triple. That's a lot of meat.


And I don't even want to tell you what that vanilla frosty is like in prison. Oh shit. But it's hot. Just the way you like it. Please give Monja d James Wooden the biggest. He haw crazy world. This is a very crazy world out here. The Frosty was crazy Work. The vanilla frosty gonna be nasty.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter This time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging and catching up. There's a Coke with your name on it. Or better yet, your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl. It's to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, and even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the BEST MOMENTS are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and you weird cousin's, latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Yo ki Up is it's Your Boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K Factor, the podcast, it takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews, and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a mix. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go. Let's go. Go.


It's gonna be warm. That was crazy work. It's gonna be warm. Ooh, that's right. And they come with a straw too. All right, Thank you for that donkey today. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. The Hood Whisperer Taste. Yes. Family. I'm not special guest. Breakfast Club, family testing. Figueroa is here. Good morning Tess. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How? How You feeling? I'm feeling good. Congratulations. I saw that you officially got accepted in the FAMU Law School.


Yes. Congratulations. Can we drop a cruise off? Absolutely. Of course. Jump Coming up. Yes. Thank you for saying that. Yes, I'm very excited. FM U-H-B-C-U. Very, very important. My daughter, shout out to my daughter Jada. She actually got into Prairie View. Okay. Oh, she'll be going on Scholarship and mom will be taking advantage of my empty nest situation and going to law school. What Made you decide, because you already got two degrees, right? Yes. Master. Or did you wanna go get a third Master education? I've always wanted to get my law degree, even though I've worked with Attorney Crump as a senior public policy advisor, as you know, for the last 10 years. Just wasn't able to do it. You know, having a, a daughter running a business, 300 employees in Atlanta, hustling, working your first year of law school is really like a hazing.


Like you really have to be able to, you know, focus. I've always had to worry about getting money. So I wanna say thank you to you for the Black Effect Podcast Network because without that, knowing that I can at least have some type of income coming in. That's really a lot of why it's made possible For that. Your credits could never just so period. I just want Emini here. That's really, really important. You know? That's dope. It's, it's not like I'm wealthy or you know, anything like that. But one of the things with law school, it took me over a decade to finish my bachelor's. I had to stop, start, stop, start, stop, start. Because of money, you know, need. Do I gotta work full time? Do I have to be a teacher, substitute, all those different things. So to really finish the law school program, you need a job.


And how do you do that and still study? So I am part-time 'cause I'm still chief political correspondent at Revolt News and managing editor over there. But now I can kind of breathe and you know, I got some income coming in. So shout out to Char. Well you Actually go to class and school there or would you do online? Yes. You On campus. I know you always ask about online. Yes. No, I will be in class in Orlando, Florida. Going back to Orlando, finishing up some, which is a full circle for me. That's, I had to leave when due to healthcare reform And I lost my business. So, no, it's actually Monday through Thursday and then I'll be going to Atlanta to record on Friday. Politic Test science law degree. So when you finish all of that it, you're just gonna apply it to what you're already doing.


Do you have a new area you wanna venture into? No, I will still always be in civil rights, no doubt about that. But criminal defense, Hmm. It's very, very important to me. My main thing that I advocate for is the criminalization of black men in particular and black folks. And we need more criminal defense lawyers. What Attorney Crump does is important. We need more civil rights attorneys. But I think I can be a beast at that defense table. I think so too. Well, We got a lot to talk about. A lot to discuss. Of course. Where do you want to go? I see you got your laptop out. I got my What? Your, your notes. Your points. What's your notes? Well, no, I, I came to talk to you guys about Push the Line. I've talked to you about it many, many times. My training program, politics until something happens, it's a non-partisan political training.


We did it in 2022. You remember at 300 people that came from all over the country. I was overwhelmed to see how many people came in. They sat with me for 12 hours in the rain waiting in the rain at 7:00 AM And so people have asked Tesla bring the program online. And so I finally got it online. It's a five course program. I'm the trainer. I say masters in education, not to stunt. 'cause you know, I'm the hood whisperer. But it's important that you know that because I actually built the curriculum. And so there's a lot of folks that build courses but may not know, you know, the technicalities of building curriculum, having objectives and meeting those. So of course one is called We Are Soldiers.


And what that is, is, is talking about the roles and responsibilities for candidates, campaign workers, organizers and activists. A lot of people don't understand roles and responsibilities. And the difference between those two, and I'll just kind of give an example. You And I talk about all the time, the difference between candidates and activists. An elected official actually serves the constituents. So you'll hear a lot of people online, why is such and such black candidate talking about immigration? Why are they talking about this? Why are they not talking about black folks? Well they are, but you gotta understand that candidate in Congress is representing 200,000 people, 150,000 people. And that job literally says to advocate for your constituents.


So they have to take care of everybody. So that's why people was pissed when they said, oh, VP Harris said, I'm not gonna only do stuff with black people. I feel it. I understand what they meant. But what she was basically trying to say is, you have to represent everybody. Mm. Which is why I would not be a good candidate. It's really important that you know where you fit. I wouldn't be a good candidate unless I'm in South Fulton, which is Atlanta outside of Atlanta, Georgia, and 98% black city commissioner that. So I can talk about black issues. But if you're in Congress, run for president, you're talking about everybody that's literally a part of their job. An activist. And this is where people get confused. An activist is the one that is pushing the candidate, that is saying, Hey, what about me? What about me? So if that's reparations, activists, the immigration activist health healthcare activist, your job is to literally put pressure on the elected official.


The elected official has to sit around and say, okay, I gotta take care of a little bit of this. This is this squeaky oil. What'd they say? Squeaky oil. What's a Que oil? Squeaky oil. Squeaky oil against the oil. Oil. Against the oil. Oil. So your job is to push. However, because candidates, and this is where I criticize them candidates, elected officials don't work with activists the way that they should because you wanna be at all, you wanna be the candidate, you wanna be the activist, you wanna be the organizer. Are they Scared to work with the activists because they think they'll get backlash? Right. Or they wanna be on this microphone. You have over 400 people in Congress. How many do you see on the microphone? A handful. So you have your Jasmine Crocketts, you have like Nancy Mac.


Yeah. So you have, but technically they're the elected official. Technically they shouldn't have to be on the microphone being the activist. Because what happens is, if Jasmine Crockett is talking about all the different things, immigration, I tell people, lay off on get, being upset with her talking about immigration. She's in Texas. She must talk about immigration. So you have black people in line. Oh, why is she talking about immigration? 'cause she represents people you know in Texas. So when you have her having to be the activist, because there's not leadership in the Democrat party that's loud, or there's not activists on the ground that are loud enough or they're not coordinating with those activists. And when I say coordinate Emini here, give them money so that they can crash out on your behalf.


Then now you have a candidate's trying to do it all. So what happens when she runs for office? When I looked at her Ballotpedia, I think it was a hundred something thousand that voted in a, in a general election. So when I look at that And I see 50,000 people in the primary that can move you out your seat, that's what happened to Representative Bowman. That Jamal Bowman, when you are being the activist and he's talking about Gaza, Gaza, Gaza, Gaza, Gaza, and damn near half of your district is Orthodox Jews. They actually have the power to put you in and put you out. Not the podcast, not the national media. So when you're not coordinating with your activists, say, Hey, go run this play, run this offense and let me do this.


And you do that. That's how you see a lot of the issues. And you set up false expectations for the elected official. And then the organizer is very different than the activists. A lot of people think that's the same. It's not the same. Organizing is actually getting people in the room like we did at the town hall a couple of weeks ago. I had in Atlanta 150 people standing outside in the rain. That's organizing. Screaming and yelling is one thing, but getting a hundred thousand people to go to the polls to say we are voting no commitment. That is actually organizing. Which is why Tamika always says, I'm an organizer first. So when you understand these roles and responsibilities, now you can know your role, which is push the line. My logo has a person pushing the P, the U, the S, the H.


Everybody like at this table has a role. If you know your role and then we know how to work together, now we can move forward on an agenda. Alright, We got more with Tesla and Figueroa when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Everybody's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is here as well. We're still kicking it with Teslas and Figaro. Lauren With politics today though, like when I look at like Trump, I feel like he, you know, he doesn't stay within any lines right? Of any of the things that you just said. Do you feel like there's, it's it's changed now because he's changed the way that politicians move and what they say and what they stand for. Like he, he pushes whatever he wants to. That's right. And he's successful at it. So how do you kind of counter what he's doing and kind of make it where the people that that you're raising up on either side are just as strong voice wise is what we See him do?


Yeah. It's not about really countering it. See one of the, one of the modules that I have is, it's called, it's not about we, it's about me. If you are already strategizing to be against somebody and not doing your role, like you always say, just stay consistent. Consistent. Don't compete with anybody, do your role. Push the Line is not about trying to focus on Trump or focus on what Republican parties are doing because Trump never focused on you. He never focused on the Democrat party. So when people set that up to say, I know it felt good. When they say, oh, bar Obama, he's everybody's president. Actually you are really the president of the people that vote you in. Yeah, I know people don't wanna hear that. But it's really catering to who votes you. Who puts you in. That's just like my household.


I'm catering to my man. I'm not catering to what your man say or what somebody else man say. So Trump has done, and they hate it when I say this because they say he don't, he don't, he didn't do a good job. He's a liar. No, I'm not saying I like it. I'm telling you how it is. Yeah. It's a difference between how it is and how you want it to be. He is only talking to his base even though he know good and damn well, he cannot dismantle the Department of Education 'cause Congress is gonna have to do it. He don't give a damn about that. He's signed executive order saying, let's dismantle it. We beg for those things. You remember Charlamagne like, why don't y'all just do an executive order for the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act. But everybody's so smart in the Democrat Party. That's not how it work. You gotta go through Congress, you gotta go. People wanna know you at least fighting you, at least in the ring.


You willing to sock somebody in the eye, you willing to take, you willing to fight for my love. You know what they say every night, I gotta fight for my love. I, I think it's a combination of both though, because Donald Trump did, you know, he did call them the woke left and he did say that the Democrats are the, the enemy from within. But he didn't just run a campaign of Democrats are bad, Democrats are bad, Democrats are bad. He actually said, these are the things I want to do for my constituents as well. I think Democrats just run a, a whole Trump is bad campaign, but they don't ever tell the constituents exactly what it is they wanna do for 'em. Right. And they don't also don't teach constituents how to do it. They're terrible with training, which is why I started this training program. Also, Trump is an organizer and a activist and a candidate and a marketer and an entertainer.


He makes everything a spectacle. He makes everything a big deal. He always knows how to play to the camera. All of the things that the Democrats feel They lack too good To do. Yeah. And so I'm just gonna tell you like straight up, oh no, don't do that. That's not president. Da da da. He doesn't give a damn. And so when you, he's been campaigning for the last eight years. That's right. Campaigning now. Yeah, he's campaigning now. We say now he's literally campaigning. When you have a rally every month, every other month that's actually organizing, getting people in the room and they pop out crazy. They pop out crazy. So he's been doing that the whole time. You, it's hard to catch up with that. It's hard to catch up when you've been talk.


It's not a matter of how many people you have. Conservative are the majority minority of this country. So it's not about who's the biggest, it's about who's the strongest. That's why I like to use LA Gang banging. For those who grew up in the nineties, bloods were always the smallest, but they also were the most powerful. How did Inglewood survive with Crips all around it. Why? Because they knew how to push a line. Which by the way, that's what bloods say. Push the line. Crips say press the line. So when you're able to take a small group, organize consistent message, message, message. Conservatives have the best. And again, don't come from me in a comment. Well, I don't give damn y'all company comments or not. They have the digital discipline that you do not have on the left.


You do not have that on the left. Conservatives listen to podcasts. Well, they listen to AM Talk radio. We talked about this before. All the way in to work, an hour commute. Messaging, messaging, messaging, right? They go in, they job, they listen to a podcast. 70% of podcast listeners are white, which is why we be doing that. Black Effect is so important. So then they at work, messaging, messaging, messaging, messing, bad, bad, bad. Enemy, enemy, enemy, enemy. Then they go home and they watch Fox News. Then they get in the comments. I try to teach people how to be the Comment caucus. I talk about that too. They, they stay on it. Like we stay on it with Shade Room. They stay on it nonstop. Look at the interview that I did here with Vivid Raman is a perfect example.


Then people still commenting on that. They know how to message over and over and over, even if it's wrong. And so you don't see that on the left. And so I don't give a damn. It's left. All right. I wanna see it more in our communities know how to message, same way y'all follow gossip the same way y'all followed it. If we have that same type of organizing, which by the way is course two called Ambition of a Rider, it's talking about community coalition building, how to be the common caucus, how to make sure you click and like how to get the engagement. You have to be very strategic in this. And if you're not, we don't get anywhere. So I, I agree with that. I don say I agree with that. I also think that that's why when somebody, when you see somebody scoring points, you just gotta keep feeding them the ball.


Yeah. Republicans did that with Trump once they saw that Trump is the guy that the media gravitates towards and this is who people are listening to. That's the guy. And I think Democrats don't do enough of that. If it's a OC, give her the ball. If it's Ja Crockett, give it the ball. If it's Bernie Sanders, give him the ball. Those are the people that folks are gravitating towards right now. You just had a rally. So in LA I think like 20 something thousand, he Went to coach 30 something thousand people. That's what I'm saying, like if that's the people, folks are gravitating towards, that's who needs to be getting the ball. Right. Now My, my criticism, well not criticism, my pushback with that, with Bernie Sanders is 'cause working on this campaign, 2015, they did great getting people to the rallies, but you couldn't get 'em to the polls. So it's great to stand up there and say, Hey y'all, this is, but if you're not giving people the tools, which again, this is why this training is so important.


If you're just saying get involved in your community, a lot of people literally don't know how. They literally, they step by step guide. Democrats should be running a play. You should see commercials just as much as they ran y'all commercials every 15 minutes. Yeah. It should be who wanna run, who wanna run, who wanna run, who wanna work on a campaign, who wanna work on a campaign constant? Y'all raised a hundred million dollars in 90 days. Mm. Where's a hundred million dollars to actually train people? Just so we clear. Nothing is back. People pay for the course, but nothing is backing me. It's not a Republican, it's not a Democrat, it's not any of that. Why are they not using that money to train you? How to run for local office? You have midterms next year, then you need to train people how to actually work on a campaign. There's a lack of infrastructure. One of the reasons Rashida Tle was 7, 4, 5, 6 black people that ran against Rashida Sleeve in Detroit.


They had to hire a friend of mine from Kansas City to run the campaign because of the lack of infrastructure of knowing how to run a campaign, how to be a volunteer coordinator, how to be a campaign manager, how to be a comms director. So they don't build up the infrastructure, which means you don't have a bench. It's not just getting a good candidate. You also need your organizers. You need your campaign workers. And that's where my criticism is of Bernie Sanders and anybody that's doing a rally, you're not training these people, you getting them upset. But for what? All right, we got more with Tson. Firo when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey everybody. Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Laura La Rose is here as well. We're still kicking it with Teslin. Figueroa. I was gonna ask you, you know, a lot of times Democrats get butt hurt a lot when you ask them, when you push back on a lot of the things that they say. Why do you think that is it? It almost feels like they are upset when we question the things that we should be able to question. Hmm. There's a lot of ego in politics, which is one of the things again that we teach, that I teach you the thing to remove your ego out the way. Meaning not about me, not about we, it's about me. They know it all. I'm just gonna be straight up honest with you. They know it all. They know it all, but seem to not know how to win consistently. You have people who are highly educated in what they do.


Again, I'm not anti-education. I love degrees. The more the better. But they just refuse many of them, not all, but refuse to really connect to the concrete. I go by concrete roots, not mud. 'cause mud is too soft of me. I got this shit out the concrete. They're not a manager, not an agent. Now my family was in this, now somebody put me on. So they can't have those conversations and they don't know how to get a the play, get a ball to the people. They can have the conversation, but you know why? 'cause they wanna be on the microphone, envy it. It is just like a rapper. Like they have to be the one on the microphone instead of saying, you know what, such and such know how to talk to this group. Let me give them the play. Yeah. I don't wanna see how Hakeem Jefferies, yeah, I wanna see a OCI wanna see Jasmine.


Yeah, I wanna see those people. That's, that's really the Problem. But then there's also people that they can't connect to as well. Why are new? Are you not connecting to the street in California? Well, governor Newton, who to me don't have a shot in hell on the national level, but still very good with pushing this message. I know some homies right now in there later will organize right now who's never voted, who's never because of what he did with the gang enhancement and what he's done with healthcare. You hear a lot of bad about California. But healthcare, what Do you call the streets though? Because Emini here, Bernie and and lc did just have 36,000 people in That. Well, they still not, there's still a demographic people that are not involved at all. People that don't give a damn about none of this Bernie Sanders demographic. And I'm just gonna be honest, the progressive demographic, the Rainbow Coalition is white liberals, pretty much white progressives.


There's still a lack of talking to those that had completely given up, completely disenfranchised obviously. And and also with Coachella, the average ticket was seven $800. Well No, that wasn't Coachella. Bernie came outta Coachella. Yeah, but they had a whole other event. He Did Coachella though too, though. Yeah, he came outta Coachella, but they had a whole other event. But Working on that campaign, I'm just gonna be straight up with you. You know, I I I'm very clear about my position with Bernie Sanders. He is talking to a very progressive white ran movement to me. And even if your Hispanic is still white adjacent, it's still let's just, as long as everybody, as long as we get everybody who make money out the way, as long as everybody make $15 an hour, all will be well he struggles with dealing with race.


I'm saying it as his former racial justice director also. Everybody ain't mad at rich people charlamagne, like some people really trying to get the bag. So those conversa And I know what they mean with the elite, the top 1%. Yeah. I, I think, I think the fighting oligarchy tour is a good message, but I think it's a hypo, well, it's not a hypocritical message from Bernie Sanders and a OC, but from majority of the Democratic party is a hypocritical message. 'cause they all taking money from the billionaires and the corporate lobby. Right? Well, hood don't know who the O Garry is. What, how do you say it? Fighting oligarchy, Oli. I don know what the hell you're talking about. Emini here, they don't, you know, when the people talking about neoliberal, they don't know what you're talking about. So there's different messages that people need to have to engage. And I think the Democrat Party 10 is too big.


It's too big. Oh, I agree with that. It needs to be broken down. Everybody's not gonna relate to Bernie Sanders. Everybody's not gonna relate to a OC. Everybody not gonna relate to Jasmine Crockett. Everybody not gonna relate to me. So that's why everybody should be doing a like, like killer. Mike said everybody does a little nobody gotta do a Lot. That's right. And again, local state, we gotta stop this fascination with federal. We really, really do. You, all of your powers is your city commissioner, your mayor, they are managing billion dollar, you know, budgets. Look at Atlanta, the black mecca, the mayor get to decide who gonna get this grant? Who's gonna get this funding? How do we keep this program going? How do we keep the, the, the afterschool program going? Okay, if y'all don't wanna do it, we gonna figure it out. It's the local, I think it's 'cause the local government, even though when you, when you get old enough to understand that the local government is not like the glitz and, and glamor isn't there.


Right. They want the sex. Right. I feel like when Keisha lands Bottoms was mayor in Atlanta, the bottom was mayor in Atlanta. She did a good job of like, you knew who she was. Even if you didn't live in Atlanta. Like you, you cared about what she was doing even if you didn't live there. Like she was a talking point. But a lot of local government people don't do that. Like you Don't just, well they don't need to do it. It's called actually serving your constituents. See, so again, this is where I go back to these politicians, I appreciate what they're doing. Don't, don't get me wrong 'cause we need the voices 'cause you don't see it. Damn sure not coming from the Democrat party. But Keisha need to be wearing bad Keisha's constituents, all of this. I'm trying to be a national spokesperson and all of that. That's how you get, you end up crashing out. That's why, that's how you get out of office.


That's how you get your constituents seeing you at the grocery store. They're seeing you at church. They don't care nothing about you trying to be no voice for everybody else. Their concern with are you taking care of these a hundred thousand people in your district or 200,000 people in your district. It's not about you can't get Keisha in and you can't get her out. You have zero power. So, so she can get on these podcast mics if they want to, but at the end of the day they not vote. They don't vote for you. So either you wanna be an elected official or do you wanna be a podcaster? I'm, I agree, but I think sometimes it's not your fault. Like in in Keisha's case, I don't think it was her fault. No, she, she just happened to be a black woman who was the mayor of Atlanta. So like all the rappers were talking about her was happening. What, what was the slogan on Atlanta? Got a man named Keisha. Like it was a thing. It Wasn't her fault.


Yeah. I'm not blaming her. Yeah, I'm definitely not blaming her. I'm just, I'm I'm using that name for any local Politic. Yeah, I just pointed to her 'cause she's the only person. I just think about it like locally in Delaware. Like you would know because like you said, you see them, you hear them. But outside of if whether it's Delaware, Philly, wherever, you don't just know of these people. And I think a lot of it is because even if they're not at the microphones, I don't know, it's just local level is not glamorized By, sometimes it's scandal like Mary and Barry. Like you didn't, you know, But guess what? They could never get 'em out. I encourage people to go watch the 10 lives, the nine lives of Marberry scandal or not. They could not get him out. Oh yeah. You know why they couldn't get out. But Dad was a rehab marberry Because he was doing the work. Yeah, he was doing the work. When you do the work, like shout out to Eric Mays my friend. Rest in peace.


Shout out to Eric. Y'all seen Eric Mays how be cussing at people when you're doing the work, people will know about you but you cannot get Eric Mays outta office for nothing because he took care of his district. This is a district conversation. Even congress, it's still a district, it's still a local conversation. So when you get out on these microphones and you're, 'cause I've seen it happen real time and you're trying to please all of these different, different constituents that can't vote for you. 'cause I wanna say what this, what they want me to say, I wanna say what they want me to say. Okay. The people that's actually voting for you are the ones that make that make the decision. So you don't hear about it Lauren because they're doing their job. Right. But they should, those candidates should also stop trying to be seen all the time.


Which I think is important. I'm not dis note 'cause they don't have a choice. The Jasmines and all that don't have a choice because ain't nobody else stepping up. So this is not on her. I'm saying that I wish they w work more with activists and fund those activists because they're crashing out. Literally they can't get jobs, they can't go transition anywhere. Fund those activists to run that play for you so that you can actually be in office to vote. Cory Bush, Jamal Bowman, they're no longer in Congress. They can't vote for nothing because when they were pushing those issues, which is important, but the district said otherwise, right? So you got the money to say, yeah, push, push, push, push, push. But your district said no, we gonna do something different.


So now you don't even have an ally that can actually vote, you know, to, to make a difference. And so that's what Emini here. Well Teez, we Appreciate you joining us. Thanks Teez and Figuera. How can how, how Can they get information on the course? Tesla Firo.com. T-E-Z-L-Y-N-F-I-G-A-R-O. As soon as you go to the website, the course pops up. You got A Southwest flight to Catch. I got said Y'all gonna stop talking about Southwest Shut. Southwest What time the flight leave? Yeah, At leaves at three o'clock. You see we got new plugs. No, I ain't never been on there. See That I yesterday I did see that in your story. Okay. Okay. I thought that was Ai. I thought that was ai. Shout out to Shout out to one of your biggest followers. Lovie I'm sure love's excited. Oh my God. Yes. He is so supportive.


Oh he'll love that You shouted back. He's so supportive. He really, really is it? Subscribe to the Straight Shot, no Chaser podcast. There you go. On the Black podcast. Congratulations Lauren. Thank you. Thank you on your podcast and congratulations on everything you guys are doing. They called me Judy Winslow 'cause I left And I never said goodbye. Aww. To the people in the audience that supported me. So There wasn't a goodbye Tell. Yeah, but they was used to seeing me. It wasn't a goodbye. But I do want, I do wanna say that, shout out to everybody that supported me on Front Page News. We're still family, we're still here. Wasn't no drama. People waiting on tea, wasn't no tea, wasn't no drama, wasn't no anything. I'm doing great things, but I love you guys And I just wanted to say give everybody proper Love you to Teddy you back. There you go. It's Tesla Figueroa. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv. Just Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Now you got a positive note? I do. But I want to tell people, first of all man, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Yes, it is year three of an Unforgettable Day of Live podcast. Inspiring Conversations and Cultural Celebration Podcast coaches celebration. Okay. It's hosted by Mandy and Weezy of Decisions. Decisions. We got the Trap Nerd podcast there for the gamers, good Moms Bad Choices is gonna be there. Carrie Champions gonna be there with her Naked Sports Podcast tank and Jay Valentine will be there doing the r and b Money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there doing The Woman Evolve podcast live. So go get your tickets right now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay, Saturday, April 26th. Third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Atlanta. Can't wait to see you there.


And the positive notice, simply this, stop reacting to everything. Okay. Becoming less reactive is a huge part of growth and a huge part of decreasing your stress. Okay? If you let everything get you worked up, you're damaging your mind, body, and spirit. So stop reacting to everything. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. You Finish or y'all done.


The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yo Kan, are you ready? It's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories, plus you, the fans, you're part of the show, and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Go.


Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans that combines behavioral science and storytelling to help us navigate the big changes in our lives. I get so choked up because I feel like your show and the conversations are what The World needs. Encouraging, empowering counter programming that acts like a lighthouse when The World feels dark, Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.