
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. Based on the inspirational true story. Damn proud of you Kia Golden girl. It's a knockout crowd. Pleaser. The whole family can agree on my Baby going to the Living to this generation's Rocky. Can't Nobody beat me. You'll stand up and cheat. Go. It's one of the best movies of the year he Represent out there. Who I would do it at Flint. The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story, Whitney Peachy. 13 Inappropriate for children under 13. Now playing only in theaters.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Angela Yee, Charlamagne, the God we are The Breakfast Club. You got a special guest in the building. Never met her before. She's an actress. She's an author. She's a mom. Ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, she's a wife and And my wife. Yes. Gia. Hello. Welcome. Gia. What? That's just one name. Thank you. She's like Madonna. Beyonce. One name Beyonce. Gia. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. How nervous are you, sir? Seriously. I know he's been acting real weird all way. I'm fine. Well, you what make you nervous, boo. No. You guys have a book out, Real Life, Real Love Life Lessons to Enjoy Pain and the magic that holds us together.


And I've been dying to ask you this question. Gia in person. Oh boy. In this room. How do you feel about Charlemagne? NB flirting with each other every day. It kind of turns me on. What? We didn't expect that answer. Now I'm nervous. What the hell? Okay, Explain. No Emini here. Emini here. I think it's a little strange, Right? But I'm amused by it. I'm Amus by it. It's Just brotherly love. That's all. I'm amused by it. That's All. Does anything go too far ever? Or No? It's all in good fun and entertaining. That's all it is. I don't mind it. So You didn't mind when he gave me that ass?


First of all, context please. That I didn't, everybody doesn't watch the show every day. Context, please. Okay. When He Wait, can Can you guys sound bite that When he gave me a mold of his ass? That's right. And it wasn't my ass. It was a mold of a ass. Yes. I thought it was a mold of your actual No, no. My shit ain't that fit. No. And then what about when they touch each other and stuff? That's never happened. Now we don't touch each other. We don't touch each other. We Just making stuff up. I've never seen them touch each other. That Hasn't happened. No. You wanna tell me something I need To know? Well, no. They like rub up brush against each other. If they're walking out the door sometimes that's not true. They go, you threaten to rub up against each other. We don't ever do it. They go in the revolving door together. That Happened one time by accident. Explain that.


Now I need answer. It was stupid. I don't even know how that happened. It was really, it was really stupid. It was really dumb. That Had to be very intentional. No, it wasn't. I don't even know how One is in. And then what makes his way in open door Together, walking around. It was so stupid. And you Don't just fall. All we did was giggle because it was so stupid. We just had to giggle our, the way through it. You guys, you just added insult injury. You're sitting there in, in the one slot giggling together. Just giggling, just Shovel by through together. Oh man. Alright, well, whatever. Anyway, back to the matter at hand. I Don't lie. Real Life, Real Love. What is that magic that holds y'all together, you think? How would you describe, You Know, whenever I find that people come to our house or are around us, I think they're kind of surprised at how much fun we have together.


I find him to be very charming and charismatic. And one of the things that I love most about him is his boyish nature. Mm. So we really have a lot of fun together. And we always have, since we first met, the first week we spent together, I thought to myself like, wow, he's a lot of fun. Like he's, he's like a friend, you know? And that's part of the magic. And you, you knew that this was the person you were gonna spend the rest of your life with after About two weeks of knowing him? Yes. Wow. But He knew before y'all even spent a day together. I did Explain Before. Before we even spent a day together. Well, When I first, when I first seen you, I Emini here. I I, I wrote in the book that I thought you were beautiful and, and amazing. And the first time I saw you were actually running track.


And for people that don't know, you know, track, she used to playing Track. That was a good one. I like that. It was a Skimpy outfit. And you know, GIA had, you know, big double Ds And I would stop basically stalk her outside and just watch her run track and watch her, her breast. Bob, I don't like that word. Don't say stalk. He wasn't stalking her. Yeah. But that's actually what he doing was a young man. It was actually stalking. And I would see him stalk. I would see him sitting with his friends in this bright blue con Edison van, because that's what his parents bought him to trans to transfer his DJ equipment from Sweet 16 to sweet 16. That time was DJing at the time. Cut. And I just had cut back then. And I, And I would see it parked behind the fence.


I'm thinking to myself like, yo, why is this van there every day at track Practice s That is crazy Blue. He wasn't low. He was not low. And he was just sitting in the van. And then one Day he emerged. Actually, babe, do you remember one day, like he emerged from the van and approached me and kicked it. And I was like, oh. So you're that weirdo that's but that's in the van, Which y'all were both kids. Yes. Yeah. She was 15. I was 16. We went to the same high school. So, And Gia, you guys skipped a grade, right? Yes. Right. I skipped a grade. Okay. All right. So then initially, so envy you say that you knew that she was gonna be your wife like right away.


You think it was before y'all even spoke? No. When you were just stalking her or We actually, no, when we actually spoke and, and you know, I found out how, you know, beautiful, she was inside and outside and how smart she was and caring. And she was just that she was the one, she was the most beautiful thing I ever seen in my life. And the most precious thing. So I was like, this is gonna be my wife. I, I I want people to get the book, but I do want, you know, to explain how do you keep reinventing the relationship when you start that young now interview's 50 something. You know what Emini here, you're much, much younger, but how, how, how do you keep not 50? How do you reinvent? How do you keep reinventing? And I think that that's part of the magic. We don't have to try. Hmm.


We don't intentionally, we do a lot of things intentionally and deliberately, but we don't intentionally reimagine the relationship and act on that. The only thing that I would say that we're good about is keeping it sexy and making sure that that part of our rel of our relationship doesn't get too monotonous and doesn't get stale. So we have a lot of fun in that space, but we don't have to think like, God, how am I gonna stop being bored of you? Mm. Or how am I gonna get to a point where you don't annoy me anymore? He legitimately does not annoy me. I look forward to his phone calls every day and we probably speak on the phone about maybe eight or nine, 10 times a day because he's away a lot.


You know? So he calls me on his way to The Breakfast Club. He calls me on his way home from The Breakfast Club. He calls me if something happens, he calls me incessantly. It's, and I'm never like, ah, you again. I'm like, oh, it's him again. You know? It's just that feeling that I've always had that no matter what ups or downs we were going through that never left me. Now He told us a story about the cowboy outfit that he wears. He told you about that? Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Yeah. The cowboy outfit in, in college With the aless chaps that no assless chaps. They were, yeah. You told us about that. Hold Wait, Rashan, did you actually tell him about that? He did like on air in private. I forgot I told y'all about that. He did Because if, if it was in private, this is a whole double cross right now. Yeah. He told us he dressed up as a cowboy in his, he had the why you looking At me like that?


I remember that day. Okay. Because I remember that day because after he told the story he goes, He did. And I was like What he did When we were in college. Yeah. We went through a stage where we were doing like a lot of role playing. Role playing. Yeah. And one night I dared him to be a cowboy. So we went and got the cowboy outfit. Outfit. He had like the big brown hat and then he had like the little holsters and everything. And babe, do you remember I took pictures? Where are those? Are they in the book? He about maybe three years after, he made me physically burn them on the grill. Wow. He put them on the grill and told me I had to light it. Yeah. They don't exist. I Don't You wish you still had that?


No. But y'all talk about role play in the book. You said he likes to put on the, the Rock Nation paper playing hat. And he goes, what's my name? And I He want you to say Jigga. I didn't contribute to that chapter. Okay. That wasn't my work. No, I didn't do that. No. Okay. So wait, they really, so he wasn't lying, they were assless chaps. Yeah. Yeah. He had a whole, it was a whole thing. I just Pulled a uua Yo G, he did not tell us that. Damnit To help get my book and you'll learn a slew of tactics, trick And techniques. I admitted that we Know something. Get what you want out of life. Okay. It was a holster by the way. They were holsters. Yeah. It was a, it was a holster. What was some other dress up things you guys did? Oh right. It was more so me. Okay. Dressing up. And he was just like the recipient of that, that that was a one little, and that's why it was a dare because it was kind of supposed to be a joke, but he never really dressed up.


One time I was a nurse and he was a doctor. Okay. That was once. Huh? Did you really burn the pictures? I really did. Really? In front of him. Wow. You didn't have copies? I didn't kept those. Justin. I would've Put those in the, I have the negatives. Okay. I wasn't gonna share that. Anything ever goes left in our relationship I have that I will ruin his entire reputation Or Never be able to work again. And I question over to a new audience. Goodness gracious. Oh, we got that coming. Definitely. So How would, how would I, for both of you, 'cause I know Covid hit, you guys have planned to put this out earlier and then Covid hit. So what was it like for y'all actually sitting down and reliving some of these moments? Well, COVID I, and the quarantine was great for us and our family.


It affected different people differently. But we really realized that we could spend damn near a hundred percent of our time together and love it when cor, when the quarantine lifted. Everybody in my house was kind of sad, you know, about that. But we did take that opportunity to write the book. And some of it was fun. Some of it was fun. It was nice to be creative and get your thoughts down on paper. It was work, but a lot of it was difficult. I'm a very open person. I'm a realist. Rashaun I think had a difficult time because he had to relive a lot of the negative things that transpired in our relationship.


And he can tend to be surface in some respects. Where you ask him a question, he gives you an answer. I'm a lot more of an in-depth person, you know, I think critically about things. And when we would go over these chapters that he's assigned to write, I would ask him questions like, okay, you can't just answer it with a yes or a no or a simple blanket. Like one question would mean 10 more questions to really get to the meat. And you know, I had to keep reiterating, we're writing this book so that people have something tangible or reference point for them to make changes in their lives if necessary. Or to recognize that the person that you're with needs to make changes in their lives. And it was a journey.


It was a journey. But I think it was difficult. Yeah. No, for me it was difficult. I had to relive a lot of the, the F boy issue I put you through. And you don't, you forget about a lot of it because you don't have to relive it. But then when you start reli No, you forget about a lot of it. You ain't forget. I ain't forget nothing. I, yeah, I think it's men. That's the point though, right? Because it's like we don't realize how much we do hurt our women when we do. It's not true though. Yeah, I think so. I don't think we realize how deep that, that, that Sounds like an okie-doke to me. Nah, it's, no, I don't think we, until you actually sit down and have those, you know, uncomfortable conversations, you don't realize how much you infected your mother. If your wife cheated on you and told you that she would have no idea how much that it stood to hurt you.


But that makes sense to you. Probably not. But Emini here, men don't make sense. You believe that you're, you believe that you're born inherently with like a deficit. Not a deficit. But I just don't think of common sense. I don't think we, I don't think we're thinking about it. You know what Emini here, like we like, that's the sad part. It's selfish and that's keeps selfish. That's what keeps you from doing it in the future. You know what Emini here, because you do not want to hurt the woman that you love. And I, and it's so crazy 'cause I saw that with my pops. Like I saw the pain that that caused my mom with his infidelity. So when in my mind I was like, damn, I'm about to do, make the same mistake. So I think it is difficult when you gotta relive it 'cause you don't want to talk about it. 'cause you don't want to trigger you. Mm. You know, some people feel I don't get triggered though.


Damn. What? What? No. That scared me just now I don know about the call of security. No. Once I got to a point, and it was a process, it was a long process, it was years. But once I got to a point where I accepted that it was my job to move on because I decided to forgive him. And because he, because he had done all of the work and then some to regain my trust, to earn grace from me. I got to a point where I no longer wanted to punish.


And I didn't have that inherent need to see him suffer. Because when you hurt and you say it all the time, hurt people. Hurt people. When you're hurt, you want not just people, you want the person that hurt you to hurt. And anytime that I felt any type of way, I made sure that he felt some type of way. So once I learned how to forgive and that was a process because I wasn't necessarily a forgiving person before everything was very black and white to me. Not very much gray. But once I learned And I understood that that's what was expected from me of God, I had to commit to that and do my best to live up to what forgiveness meant.


And that's what set me free. Because when you forgive, you don't forgive to ease the burden from the other person you forgive, to ease the burden from you. That's real. What Was the work you guys did together? Like you had to work on forgiveness and when you said, okay, I'm gonna, you know, have to move on from this, but what was the work that he did that let you know, okay, he's serious and you know, I can finally Just say, I'm not getting triggered anymore. I'm gonna let this go. Well one of the first things was I realized that he understood the impact of what had happened. What he did. He understood it.


He didn't just accept it and was accountable for it. But he actually understood. He would do things that a lot of men wouldn't do. He would sit there through those eight hour conversations, locked in a room. He answered every question that I had And I had a lot of questions. And he answered them all truthfully. And you know, when you ask somebody a question and you can tell by their answer because Emini here, the answers weren't pretty right. They weren't things that I would've wanted to hear. He went through all of the, the separation as I call it. And he did it until, because a lot of guys, when they mess up and Emini here, a lot of them have told me, I have friends and that have gone through it.


It's like, listen, I did it. I apologized. I said I was never gonna do it again. Emini here, that ish, right? But it's like every day I'm being punished, I'm being punished, I'm being reminded. It's like, let it go. I apologize. Like what more do you want from me? Blood. He never took that approach with me. It was the until, until you are good, until you are healed. If I have to be a punching bag, I will be that. If I have to be a doormat, I will be that I will do anything that it makes to survive this because I cannot be without you. And he proved it every single day. It was as though, and he was like this before, but it was even more so during this time. It was as though he communicated to me that the only thing that he wanted was to make me happy.


And that's pretty much how he lives his life. He lives his life every day waking up thinking like, damn, how can I make Gaia's life easier today? How can I make Gia happier today? And every day almost he does something sweet, something special. He works so hard. You guys know he might sleep three hours a night, but he'll come home and if I have a tray on the bed And I was eating, he'll come into the room and take it down for me. Or be like, babe, can I bring you up some food if I wasn't eating? Like he does special things. But to answer your question, it was the, until it was the indefinite and it was the willingness to do any and everything to earn what he lost back. And was there ever a question in your mind, I know there was a point when you thought, no matter what I do, she's never going to take me back.


Was there ever a time when you were like, you cry, I'm gonna come over there and hug you. I'm just letting you know you better hold them tears. I'm gonna hug the shit outta you from the back if you cry in front of your wife and then Flex Your pelvis. But yeah, answer, answer your question. Yes. Catch that little feel at that point. At that point I just had, you know, I didn't know what was gonna happen but I was like, I have to be honest to at least get my friend back. You know? Right. And at that point I, I, you know, I didn't know what Gia was gonna do. I thought it was a rap, but I was like, I still wanted my friend. I still wanted somebody I can talk to. You know, I still wanted a relationship with her that we can bounce like this. She's all I knew since I was 16, so I still wanted my friend back. And she's Jamaican shit that that could have been forever beef. That could, that could have been Forever. But you know, it's interesting that you didn't kick him out of the house.


You were still polite to him. You still wanted to maintain a co-parenting Yes. Friendship. I feel like that hurts more when you're like, we're not having sex. And I might end up with somebody else one day, but you know, we are cool. That hurts more, I think sometimes than just completely like being nasty to somebody and cutting them off. Yes. Well, when I found out divorce was imminent, it was never a question. I was raised by a very strong mother who taught me that if a man ever disrespects you to that degree, then you walk. So it didn't matter how much I loved Rashaun and how much I would've missed him.


And it didn't matter if I cried every night. It did not matter one iota how I felt. The only thing that was important to me was that I operated with my head and not my heart. And that I did what I always said that I was going to do. So when I found out, when it was confirmed for me, and you can read the book and see the entire, No, we want you to go get the Book, the entire story. But when he confirmed it, we were in a parking lot. And when I drove away from that parking lot, it was a few days before Christmas and his mother was at the house helping me decorate. 'cause we were hosting that year. But I walked into the house And I told her, I said, Christmas is canceled shit.


And she said, oh, Holiday God. She said, What do you mean Christmas is canceled? And I said, well I just found out that Rashaan cheated on me and we're getting a divorce. So there's not gonna be any Christmas this year. At least I'm not hosting. Yo, it's Wild that people actually cancel Christmas. I thought that was just a figure of speech. No, No Christmas If this shit happened, we canceling Christmas. Christmas, I canceled Christmas. You canceled Christmas. Yeah. Cancel Christmas. Well, in, in the sense of us hosting. I wasn't gonna cancel it for our children. Gotcha. But you know, we didn't have to decorate for 30 people to come over. And my lovely mother-in-law, hi mama, she defended her beautiful son with everything that she could because and bitch is lying pretty much.


Yeah. I, and when she said something to that effect, I said, but for the fact that he just told me that it was true. And he came home maybe 20 or 30 minutes later and it was a whole thing. Right. But I was adamant that we were getting a divorce. I contacted an attorney, paid an attorney. It was decided. But thankfully there were a whole host of things that happened that, that convinced me that God had other plans. What did God say to you?


God didn't say anything to me. See I was raised Catholic. I went to Catholic schools my whole life. So did Rashan. But I was never spiritual. You know, I got to school and said the Hail Mary and the our father. And you know, if I prayed at night, it was like, thank you God for my blessings. Thank you for my life. You know, can I get that new Nintendo for Christmas? You know, I wasn't raised with this, this deeply instilled faith where I felt as though I knew God And I lived differently because I didn't know God in that way. So when God revealed himself to me, and he may have tried for years, you see, but I wouldn't have, I didn't speak his language.


I would've never been able to interpret God trying to reach out to me. So I really believe that this happened so that me particularly, not even Rashaun, so that I could be humbled, you know, because I thought so highly of our relationship. I thought so highly of Rashan because he was, despite what he did, he was a wonderful husband, a wonderful father. I was utterly blindsided when this happened. 'cause there was no red flags within our house. He was thoughtful, affectionate, kind, sweet, generous, romantic, everything that you would want him to be with a little dose of crazy. Right? And there's there is that in the, in the book. I'm not saying that it was amazing, I was really blindsided.


But when God spoke, he spoke through other people. And when he found, when I found out what happened, it's funny, we were being approached for reality shows at the time. And when he took someone's terrible advice to apologize to me on the radio and make our personal woes private, our, yeah, our personal woes public. I didn't know though. I didn't know what he was going through. He just being, he'd be in here laying on the floor. 'cause you guys would, I didn't know what he'd be like out of it. I'm like, yo, what the fuck is your problem?


I didn't know what it was. So as I'm prodding him, like what the hell is going on? I didn't know that was coming. Oh, okay. Yeah. I didn't know that. So, So when he apologized, you didn't know what he was apologizing for? No. He would literally come in here and be like, laid out on the floor in the fetal position, the whole show. Like he would not be here with us. He wouldn't be present. And I just knew something was Wrong around here and Apologize. I was like, so I'm like, so no. I was like, when he gets on the air, I'm gonna ask him on the air, what the fuck is his problem? Because I was tired of asking him behind the scenes. And so I asked him on the air. I didn't know that was coming though. It was a terrible idea. But maybe it was the same dose of common sense that you guys are talking about. Right. Men, God, think differently seems to be born Common sense. Men think differently. Like that's a grand gesture Or something.


Yes. But when it was made public, my, one of my best friends, his name is Rashid, he's the husband of my other best friend, her name is Sasha. He called to see if what he had heard was true, because he thought that maybe it was just something being drummed up because we're supposed to be on a reality show or something like that. And when he called, I said, no, everything that you heard is absolutely true. And it, it, it's, it's a terrible story. As you said, you know, Rashan was circling the drain at that time. And Rashid decided to come to New York from California because he, he lives in la But we had a very, a horrible event happened at our home.


And you can read about it in the book, But mind you, Rashid didn't like me. Rashid, you know, he always thought our relationship was toxic, which was You were too controlling. He thought I was too controlling, which I was at at times. But, so he didn't like me. So the fact that he flew in to try to save this relationship meant a lot because he already didn't like me. I thought you said Tyrese saved the relationship. That Too. That's coming. That was the Sign. See, he, we telling too much. But Go ahead. Well, well, what happened was he flew in And I didn't want him there because our marriage was ending And I just wanted to be my by myself. But he insisted. He said, I'm pulling into, I'm flying into New York, Newark International Airport at such and such time. Come get me. I went And I got him. And that was the start of the biggest change that we, that we needed to go, to go through.


He came to our house and I said, why are you here? And he said, God sent me here. Mm. I said, of all people, you, you're the only person in our lives that didn't champion our marriage. You're the only one that ever told me that. Maybe he's not the right person for for me. Why you? He said, GIA, I don't know. I've been praying since I got off the phone with you after that terrible thing happened. And I walked into my boss's office, told him I had to take a leave of absence, went home, packed a bag, and got on a plane and headed here. And it's only through the assignment of God, God spoke to me. Mm. I said, so what does that mean? Like, are you hearing voices? Like what do you mean?


God spoke to you? And he said to me, when God speaks to you, it's as though he puts an overwhelming feeling on your heart. And when he tells you to do something, you don't ask any questions, you just do it. And I said, okay, well basically I'm gonna have to wrap my mind around that because I I, I didn't have the tools to really understand that. And he stayed with us for about maybe 10, 12 days. And he taught us a lot about God and faith and spirituality and what his assignment was. And he brought in his pastor, her name was Sister Nancy. She had the same feedback from God when she prayed. And this was all new to me. And I was actually very angry because now I have people in my life that I respect and love that are telling me that I have to stay in a relationship that I'm adamant on getting out of.


And it was very, very heavy. I can't describe to you how heavy it was and how insistent he was in his assurance of what God communicated to him. And, and to fast forward Tyrese, same thing. I didn't know, you know, we knew Tyrese coming up here doing interviews, but I didn't know Tyres didn't have his number. You know, he, he didn't have a new song. But when he heard me on the radio that day, he called and, and wanted to speak to Gia. And you can read it in the book 'cause he, he got us together. But he said the exact same thing, like Tyrese and Rashid was speaking to each other. And it was kind of like those two were the ones to really save my marriage. And they didn't Know each other. And Gia, you had asked for a sign. Well that was the thing, right? Because I was so angered by what I was hearing.


Like, oh, I was a victim being cheated on. Now I'm being victimized again by God telling me that I have to stay in a relationship that I'm adamant about leaving. I don't understand this. And I was, and I'm not a big crier, but one day I was taking a shower And I began to cry And I began to pray in the way that I was learning how to pray. And I asked God for a sign that I can interpret for myself. So at least it would feel as though I was making my own decision. And a decision wasn't being made for me. So I, I damn near begged for a sign. And then shortly after Tyrese called Rashaun and asked for him to set something up. And we went to Philippe Chows.


He came in with a backup singer and a guitarist. He performed stay just for Rashaun And I then he sat down for about four hours and we had a conversation. And he tried to explain to me he a man can love you and still cheat at the same time. 'cause I didn't really understand that. But at the end of the conversation I asked him, I said, you know, why are you here? You didn't, you don't even know if I'm a good person. You don't know if this relationship is even worth salvaging. Why would you do that? You didn't know Rashaun, you have no dog in this fight. You have nothing to gain or lose. You're supposed to be at a wedding somewhere else. You changed your flights to be here. Why? He said, God sent me here to do this.


Damn. I said, what do you mean God sent you here to do this? He said, God sent me. I said, are you hearing voices? He said, no. And then he reiterated verbatim exactly what Rashid said to me in my kitchen that day. And I had to ask Rash Tyrese. I said, is that like in the Bible? Is that what you just said? Is that like a thing that people know? And he said, no, I'm just telling you how I feel. Like what do you mean? And at that moment I just like threw my hands up And I said, okay. Like, okay. And I looked at Rashan And I said, I forgive you. I don't know what that means. I will work on this with you. I don't know how long that will take.


I will do what I'm now believing is required of me, but we're gonna be in for a ride because I'm not really there. But I can commit to you in this moment because there is not that much coincidence in The World for what just happened. Thank you. God. Yes. Thank you. I'm sorry Gia. I'm sorry to my wife too. I just feel like a apologizing. This is just a trigger conversation. I just feel like apologizing, I'm sorry to all women is This is, what did your mom say? I don know why we do things that I, Don mom was so strong and you knew, you know, initially what you had to do. And you, your families were so intertwined. So during this time, was she supportive and wanting y'all to get back together? Or was she like, GIA you gotta go.


It's funny. Rashaun And I have a podcast called the Casey Crew and I did an all girls podcast as a book review last week. And I shared something during that podcast that I don't know if I've even ever told Rashaun. It's a very, very private and personal thought, but I'll share it now since you're asking. My mother passed away in May and she suffered from dementia for about maybe 14 years. So when this all happened, she had dementia. If my mother didn't have dementia, Rashaun And I wouldn't be married today.


Wow. Because there would've been no way God, no God, that I could have gone to my mother and told her what happened and told her that I was staying. Mm. It couldn't have, it could not have happened. It would not have happened. God literally would've had to have appeared in front of me and my mother and convinced both of us because I wasn't raised that way. So what's personal about this is to me is that I believe that whatever Rashaun And I have to accomplish, either through our marriage or through our children, is so great that I think my mother was a casualty of that.


I think that God took my mother's sensibilities away from her so that I wouldn't be in a position where I had to make that decision. I just think that what we have to accomplish is so great. And maybe one of those things is this book, because I think that our book will help help a multitude of couples. And I think that there are things in there that can be life changing, right. For people. Yeah. Go get the book Real Life, Real Love. But I, let's, let's, I wanna talk about something positive. 'cause you, you know, you said something, women have intuition. You said you had no clue though, Right? No. No. Okay. But how do you know when he's right?


Because I think that's something we don't talk about enough. I think women know when their man is no longer really out there in the streets when he's actually changed. How did you know he had actually changed? Hmm. That's a good question. I didn't because there was no, aside from his overcommitment to me after the fact, there was no change. He was wonderful. Then I had faith in God. And a lot of people, I'll, I'll phrase the question a little bit differently. The way that people ask me, how do you know that he'll never cheat again? Hmm. And I tell them because once Rashi Rashid started something, we carried that torch.


Now we're very spiritual together. We pray together every morning before he leaves to come here. And we have an individual relationship with God, each of us. So if he cheats, he doesn't have to worry about me, he has to worry about God. He has bigger fish to fry than me. So when people ask me, you know, what's the best relationship advice that you can give me for my marriage? And it honestly is to keep God at the pinnacle of your marriage. Be on honor him. Keep your faith in him. Be a child of him. Because when you do that, that is what's going to guide you to be a good person, to be honest, to be committed and faithful.


It's to him, don't be loyal to another human. Be led by goodness. Because in that goodness you will do right by your spouse. And that's how I feel. And that's how I knew, that's how I knew. Envy let me ask you, 'cause you know, for women we always are like, and like you said, Tyrese was having a conversation how a man can't cheat on you but still love you. Yeah. But why, like, you know, that's something that for women, we always wanna know. And I'm sure you had so many conversations. Well, I don, I still don't like his answer. I Don't necessarily agree with what Tyree said. I, I, I I really feel that until you know the definition of what love really means, I think a lot of times people Just say, I love you and oh it is, oh I love you.


But until you un


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chu of Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino ISS home to hundreds of Casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


This is an ad by Better help. What's your perfect night? Maybe you are settled at home alone or with loved ones covered in blankets about to watch your favorite show. It's cozy, it's calm, and you're ready for a perfect night in therapy. Can feel a bit like that. A place for comfort, A time when you replenish your energy and take care of yourself. And hey, you can even do it without leaving that same cozy couch. This season is the perfect time to give therapy a try. Right from the comfort of home with Better Help. Get matched with a tailored therapist based on your needs and preferences. Entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with the therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this season with Better help. Visit better help.com today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com.


What's up Y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop, pop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The cracker the bat and Another one Gone. A tip the cap because another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it Did know, did know I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


To stand the definition of what love means. Then you realize I don't if I love somebody, like I say, you don't wanna hurt 'em, you don't wanna cheat on 'em, you don't wanna disrespect them. You don't want to have them looking crazy because you love that person. And I don't think I knew the definition of love, but when I figured that definition out of what love is and what Gia meant to me, you know, you realize I don't wanna hurt her. I don't wanna see her cry. I don't wanna see her feel away. I don't wanna disrespect her. I don't wanna be controlling, I don't wanna be any of those things. And when you realize what that definition is, you, your outlook of life changes. I agree with envy. And I'll add on I've, because I've explored this in therapy, when you say you can cheat and still love a person, you might, but you don't really love yourself. Yeah, I think a lot of times, not a lot of times all the time men cheat for ego.


Oh yes. Like that's it. It's wounded ego. It's something that we are lacking. It has nothing to do with our wives, nothing to do with our girlfriends. It's something that we feel like we are lacking for whatever reason. And that's what we, we go and do. It's literally just to feed our ego. Nothing. Women more, nothing Less. You think women cheat for the same reason as men? Or you think it's different? Like when women cheat, you think they cheat for different reasons? I think women also cheat for ego. Who doesn't like to have the attention of the opposite sex. You know, especially when you are at a deficit and you do have holes and you need those holes filled and most people have slight holes, you know, not that you're out there thirsty for the attention of the opposite sex, but even if it's of the same sex when someone pays you a compliment, like it's nice to be wanted is essentially what I'm saying.


So for women, yeah, Emini here. I think that if you're with someone and you cheat, I think a big part of it is ego. But then you know, you'll have people that say that they cheat because the person at home isn't doing what they're supposed to do. You know? And we have a son, Logan, he's 18 so he's starting to date seriously and whatnot now. And I had a conversation with him the other day And I said, listen, I said listen, if you commit to a girl and you make her your girlfriend, One thing I do not want you to do is cheat. Do not come to me and tell me that you guys broke up because you cheated on her because I've raised you better than that. If you decide that you want something else or she's not satisfying, whatever needs you have, break up with her and move on to the next.


And if within a week you feel the same way about that girl, break up with her and move on to the next do not cheat because you're sacrificing your own integrity when you do that. And that's pretty much a sign of really not loving yourself. When you love yourself, you wanna be self-actualized, you wanna be your best self. That's right. You wanna reach your highest potential. You wanna be a kind, a good person and you owe that to yourself. You don't necessarily owe it to the other person. You owe it to yourself to do those things. And that's what I'm trying to instill in him as my oldest male child. You know Logan, We gonna be breaking up with a lot of girls. Unless you find that one like y'all did early, he gonna be breaking up with a lot Of Girls.


Now during this time, did anybody get in your dms? I'm just curious When the cheating happened? Yeah, like you know, I wasn't, when people were thinking maybe it's, you know, gee, it might be back on the market. I wasn't on Instagram at the time. Okay. I didn't even know how to operate Instagram. I've never been on Facebook, I've never been on Twitter. So GI Has no social media. She has no Twitter, no Facebook, no Black Facebook. Well now I have Instagram. She has I but at the time, which is probably why he was able to accomplish what he accomplished in all of his deceit. But it's not funny. The book is More about cheating guys, can we get Emini here? This is very is very triggering conversation. It is very triggering. No, it really is.


Because I've heard all of this before. Oh have you really? Yeah. Yeah. It's like, it's not this. It is, nevermind. I don't even wanna talk about it, But you're right, it is about a lot more than that. And we got to see like early on things that you guys had to work on within yourselves, you know, for you envy. When did you get over being so possessive and, 'cause there's one thing about being protective, but then it crosses the line when it's overly done and it feels like you were very jealous and possessive and insecure. How did you manage to cope with and and overcome that? Well it happened because Emini here I was, I was DJ shrimp at first, right?


I was five foot four. I had glasses, had braces, I had acne. I wasn't running around. You know, GIA hates when I say this, but like my mom would say, I wasn't the catch meow. Like nobody was. I wasn't hollering at nobody. Nobody was hollering at me. Catch meow. And that's what my mom would say. So you was doing charity gear? Yeah, that's why I'm always like, who knows? To Gia. I thought That he was very cute and like I said earlier, charismatic, he Was like a fixer Wrapper. Oh my goodness. Fix fixer rep. Oh my goodness. He was your first renovation. That's what we got into real estate. It was a fun, we gotta take your down. So, you know, I wasn't, I was very insecure.


So when she would go out I would always think, damn she gonna find somebody that's smarter, that looks better, that does this, that does that. So I was always insecure. So I never wanted her to go out. If she did go out, I never wanted her to wear anything sexy. I kind of wanted to control it. So I was always fearful that she would find somebody else. And I think what changed me, I think she did, you know, to basically say that, you know, I was worthy that, you know, she wasn't gonna leave me for somebody else. And it was just conversation. It was, it was my own insecurity that was affecting and hurting our relationship at the Time. As you got older, you think it was guilty conscience too because you what you knew what you was doing and you might have been projecting on her thinking she might have been doing the same thing. No, he, he had been like that since the very, very beginning.


Beginning. That Was, you know, it was, it was insecure and then you gotta think she was beautiful so she had all these different celebs and all these different people hollering at her. So you know, she would come back and tell me like, you know, one time, I don't know if we put this in the book, but somebody gave you a, a watch, right? I'm like a bravado, a robot, Something like that. Ah, yes. I Just gave her a watch. Bought a watch at the mall and gave it to her. Yeah, you know what, Emini here. And I'm like, wow. While I was shopping she Like, he liked me. I did what any odd guy would do. I put it under the truck and ran it over seven times. But damn Envy. He sure did. I couldn't even give it to his mother or my mother. Like I understood that he didn't want me to wear it and the person didn't give it to me directly. I was shopping And I was looking at Movado was at the time. And he hollered And I turned him down. Then when I left he went and asked the sales person what was she looking at?


What was she interested in? Wow. And he bought me an Esperanza, a Mardo. Esperanza. That's He was this Yeah, we were, he was a little bit older though. He was clearly like in his twenties or something. Yeah. Because he wasn't Buying the bottles in college. Yeah. And he took the box and the bag and wrote a note and put it on my car. So he had seen, obviously he had seen me, you know, come from the parking lot. And then it was what golf? A drug dealer. He was What? Drug dealer? Yeah. So, so I didn't, I wouldn't have accepted it from him. If he tried to give it to me, it was on my car. So I brought it home. I was like, oh my God, guess what happened? Like, And I told him the story. Rasha was irate and literally put it behind his back wheel and ran it over and then put the car in drive. Ran it over again.


Car back in reverse. Don't Talk about King Put donated that watch. I was like, we could given it to somebody Reed. Goodness. Oh the NV N would've sold it. NV would've sold it. Would've put that watch. Yes. Look, there was also an instance where he caught you in the club grinding on somebody. Can we talk about Grinding talk? Good stuff. The nice of gosh why? This is funny to me. 'cause envy is like, you know, he acts really different here than like, does he? Oh I'm changed. I'm above, but I would not You Don't get any doses of his crazy though. What? Well he, who You been working with the past 12 years? Well you know what it is. Okay. Whatcha Talking about Envy is petty. Envy is petty. He's petty but I don't, Don't cross him Like certain things that he does.


I'm like envy was out of his mind. Well that night we were in college and he had a party at Virginia State. Now Rashan saw to it that every single and Emini here, every 100% of the parties that he did while we were in college, he made sure that I was at every single party with him. I was in the DJ booth. I was not allowed to leave the DJ booth. If I wanted an amaretto sour from the bar, he would send little Sean, who is our friend Sean, to the bar to get it for me. That that Tell me your little Sean story that has nothing to do with this story. We're talking about your book. Okay. Real Life, Real Love. Alright. And if I tried to break outta the DJ booth when he wasn't looking, then I would always have two of his friends escorting me to make sure, oh my gosh.


To make that no one kicked it to me. You Like, let me outta this cage. Yes. So it would be me. Every time we hung out, it would be me and like seven or eight dudes. I was always just like the homie. I was always there. And this one night he had a party at Virginia State And I couldn't fit in the car because he was bringing, you know, his friends for security and whatnot. And that night there was a party at the Armory. I was like, okay, I'm going to the party at the Armory. He was like, no, you're not. I was like, oh, yes I am. Turned into a big argument. I was like, alright, well I'll just tell you that I'm not and go Anyway. So that's what I did. He's on his way. I'm at the party. I'm dancing with a dude. Little Sean is at the Armory too. He sees him, he calls Rashaun Rashaun bus a youi.


And now you know how important this is to him. 'cause there's nothing that he loves more besides me. Makes some money than making some money. We know that he Forfeited that money, made a u-turn, came back, I'm dancing with the kid. I look up, I see Rashaun charging towards me. The fear of God came over me and it was as though I felt like my life flashed before me. Like I felt whatever that hormone is, I felt it rushed through my body. And he came, he grabbed me, he threw me over his shoulder, caveman style, and then rushed me to like the other side of the, of the dance hall. See, This is next level. Like This is just stereotypical light-skinned nigga shit. I don dunno what you're talking about. Emini here. This sounds normal to me.


Next level. Yeah. Emini here. And then we had a conversation where, you know, he made me very well aware how disappointed he was, how hurt he was to see me. I guess just with someone else Touching me, you realize over his shoulder you didn't, I hurt. He was, I'm glad we could laugh about this man. Thank God. Right. You know how you met the Shoulder? No. How, when he First moved to Jersey, he moved Into, I don't think you should tell this story because just makes you sound even more horrible. Okay. Yeah. I don't think you should tell this story. That Right. That's gonna be on the chopping block. Emini here. We could if you want to get it Now, I wanna know. Get it. Well, I moved to an apartment complex and the woman at the apartment complex said, I think I think you should, you know, watch Envy.


And I said, what do you mean watch Envy? Like, I think you should, you know, just be, be careful around envy. And I'm like, all right. I'm thinking she's about to tell me like, oh, he's no, he's a grimy dude. He's snake, whatever. She was like, 'cause you know, he's got a boyfriend in this building. And I'm like, what? You, I know what building you moved into. Yeah. Prospect. Yes. Yes. He like, he got a boyfriend in this building and he, he looks like you, you're like the same height. Wow. And he got bald heads. Y'all got the same complexion. And I'm like, what? And she was like, Emini here. I, I just, I just see him come over here and then you just hear moaning, moaning, moaning. Like, Oh, there was no moaning. But I, what she said, I went to Sean Town, I would visit Sean and then, and for, for a long time they thought that me and Shawn, I guess were gay lovers. Oh, why? Because of moaning. Probably. Look At how rumors get started. Boy, I don Why were you guys moaning?


You and Shawn? We weren't moaning. Moaning. My god daddy. Okay. Whatever. That The positive in the book that you raised, there's a Lot in there that's positive. Man, Listen, the positive thing is that you guys digest this is very trigger and convo together. And that sometimes, you know, to get to the positivity, you gotta go through a lot of ugliness. But that's the thing, right. I already know that it's gonna be a lot of judgment. You know what I'm saying? And people were like, oh, how could you stay through that? And then they gonna try to paint interview to be some controlling, abusive person. But y'all were young. Like people don't factor that in. Well, let's just clarify. You know, when we use the word abusive, that's a heavy word, right.


And abuse comes in all different forms. So I understand what you're saying, but he was never physically abusive and I've never been scared of him. I just knew that his controlling nature was rooted in his insecurity. And I felt as though I could show him enough love that he would eventually get to a point where he would feel secure and understand that he's worthy of all of the love that I give him. That's right. You know what Emini here, because it, it took convincing And I literally had to convince like I am, I'm not leaving. Like, I'm not going anywhere. I am thrilled to be with you. I am happy that we're in college. I'm like, I, we plan on getting married, starting a family.


Like, but it, he, he wouldn't let go of it. Right. One, one of the biggest things I think that came outta this was all the work that he did do on himself. And he, he was suicidal at a point. That's, that's, that's, we know that, right? Yes. I don't think that was all because of what he was going on with you. I think it was, like I said, it was other things that he was dealing with inside of him that probably got him to that point. Yes. We would have to ask him because we've never had a conversation of it being about anything besides the threat of losing our relationship. I, I would say this, I would say, you know, I used to look at people who committed suicide as soft and sucker. Like that's 'cause that's what society made you think.


Until I got into that predicament where I felt like my life, well everybody's life around me would be better if I wasn't here. And I couldn't shake it. And majority of it was losing my wife, losing my family, losing the, the, the, the thing that I knew and that I loved. And I really feel like I didn't wanna be there. And, And I guess it was everything else that we said, like the insecurities that made me do it, the insecurities around me. And I just didn't know who I was as a person. Ooh, that's powerful. That's The biggest Part. But I would say during all of that, in all those conversations and all those late night talks and with praying, you feel like you realize who you are as a person.


And once you figure that out, you figure out who you wanna be, who you wanna, who you wanna live. Like, and you don't care about anything else. You know, at one time I used to care what people thought. Now I don't care as long as my wife and my family's happy, everything else is just white noise behind it. You know, Just think about how much stronger you guys are as individuals and your marriage is so much stronger after everything you've been through. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. And he said something powerful too. 'cause this business, this business will have you living a lie because we're characters. Yeah. Right. So we create these characters that kind of protect the rashaan and protect the nar and we're go, we go home and we one way, but then we out in the street being another way. But you can't do both. Eventually that negative is going catch up. Yeah. So that's, that's what I think he was going through.


Like not only just the threat of losing you, but just like, who am I? Was that hard for you having this dual personality almost? Yeah, Absolutely. Because Emini here, like I, nothing's better now than to not care what people think. You know? I would have to think freedom. Freedom. I would've to think about what I was saying on the radio and how it would affect me, how people would look at me. I would've to think about this or think about that instead of just being free and say, Hey, it is what it is. Right. Take it how you like it. If you like me, you like me. If you love me, you love me. If you hate me, you hate me. And once I got to that, that place, life became a whole lot better. So to his question, was there anything aside the law, the threat of the loss of the relationship that made you feel as though that was why you were occupying that mental space?


I think it was a little bit of everything. I think it was the insecurities of not being free. I think it was the fact that I was losing my best friend. I think it was the fact that I feel like I disappointed my best friend, disappointed my family, disappointed my kids. I think it had a, had a lot to do with all of that. And I think wearing that mask too, because I think a lot of times what we really wanna kill is, is our ego. Yeah. But we don't necessarily necessarily know how to do that if we didn't weren't doing the, I wasn't doing the work then is when I started going to therapy and everything else that I learned how to kill the ego. Before you learn how to kill the ego, only thing you think is, well I like he said, I don't, I don't, I don't need to be here. But you said that you wanted to kill the ego. Did you actually want to, before you went to therapy and realize that you should kill the ego, you enjoyed the ego? Yeah, I didn't know what it was.


Yeah. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't even know that's what I was projecting. I didn't even know that's what I was leading with was ego. Right. I didn't even know that till I sat down with and like, oh okay, I get it now. Yeah. When everything happened and came to the surface, it was like a ton of bricks fell out of the sky and hit me on the head. It was like, wow, he really is damn near two people. Like he's rashaan husband and father in this house and he gets tens across the board for that. But when he leaves, there's an ego, there's a bravado, there's a whole persona separate and apart from what I experience in this house and I've been out with him and whatnot.


But this was at a time when things were starting to shift. This was, you know, we just got married and we have two beautiful children and now I'm not going to the clubs with him because even though he would want me to, and he would want me to travel, I have two kids at home to raise And I wanted to give them all of my free time attention. And then his celebrity started to grow, you know, he became more successful and his dreams became realized and he went off. I realized later in that direction enjoying that and then also enjoying have the faithful loving wife and children at home. So it was the pretty much the definition of having your cake and eating it too.


And it's probably also difficult. You guys got together so young, you know? Yeah. 1650 and didn't experience other relationships. Really. So let me tell you, when I found out Angela, I knew that I didn't want him to be my husband anymore. But I undertood how it happened because we were together. Like he said, since we were 15 and 16, he was my first and only everything, the furthest I've ever gotten before him was second base, you know, which is letting a boy go up your shirt, right? Yeah.


We've been to second base king. Joking. That's what they call it. I have not been to second base. Lemme Just say this right now. You let him feel on your Ns? No, he has not base. You haven't exposed him to your Ns. No. In here We definitely gonna base easy. Yeah. Yeah. We did that. We did that with the second base. Goodness gracious. Feel like y'all went to third, But go ahead. But that was the farthest that I had ever been. So, and he was like, Virgin ish. What that mean?


He was in a relationship with his first like girlfriend. I think they were together for maybe three months And I, if I'm, if I'm telling it right. They started but never finished. So he was like virgin ish, right? He tried and he couldn't handle it. No, that's not what I said. I was a turtle. I was slow, I was scared. Okay. Yeah, You explain that to me. Can I just, I'm just over here. You know, I was a Turtle Because I was so slow. I wasn't. And it was nice because Prank people called you Turtle. Yeah. Emini here. That, that was my nickname Turtle. Oh wait, let me write this down. I don't wanna forget that. Oh my goodness. Shrimp Turtle. Go Ahead. And it was good. I was a turtle too, you know, I lost my virginity to him on our one year anniversary.


Anniversary And he made it very sweet and special. And it was, it was really nice. But what were we saying? What did you, are We talking about he, you guys were so young, so you had never Experienced Oh yeah. So yeah, so I understood because it was like he was so inexperienced. We were in high school together every day. We're in college together every day. Right. Then as soon as we graduate, we get married, we have children and then he's on a path towards his career and he's out of the house and he's traveling and now he's around celebrities and being influenced by our hip hop culture.


Yes. Which glorifies yes. Having groupies and cheating and always having women around you and being in the club at that time, you didn't see your favorite celebrity showcasing their wife. That's right. Or their family or speaking on the importance of family, the way that you guys do on this platform and doing that changes lives. I'm sure that you know That. And we were taught to hide them, Like literally. And you were taught to hide them. Like, don't Tell people you got a girlfriend. Don't tell people you've been in a long-term relationship. Like they would say that. Absolutely. Even, you know, young people now on Instagram, they have the same thing. It's like, oh, I'm gonna pretend or I'm gonna, I'm not gonna post. I'm love you to death. I'm not gonna post you because you know, I'm trying to do this business and it seems like I have a girlfriend then it's not gonna be successful.


It's that mentality. So all of these things contributed to him being put in a position where cheating might have seemed like the route that he wanted to go. And when we talked about it, I understood, because we've been together so long And I know him so well. I love him. Not necessarily just as like my husband. I love him. Like he's my brother too. Do you know what Emini here, and if it were your brother that got cheating, got caught cheating and he came home and told you like, Angela, you know, I just got caught. She found out da dah. What would be your kneejerk intuition to do? I cover for him?


Exactly. That's the point. Like, you wanna help. You wanna be like, well no, this is what you need to do. You need to go apologize. You need to do this. Start helping him pull those tricks outta the hat. You know, you get protective. So even when he told me I got protective in a sense And I wanted to understand why he did it. Now, while at the same time not wanting to be with him as his wife, I was devastated. Right. But as his friend, I understood how he was in a place where that happened. Mm. See a lot of gems in this book, you guys. My I was thoroughly entertaining. Like I said, I went through You look stressed. He does. I'm good. It's just, it's, it's, I thought he's been nervous all morning before you got here. I was nervous. It's a Triggering conversation.


Yes, it is. If you've ever been a man in that situation and you've caused that kind of harm to your wife and your family, it's, it, it's, But I feel like for him it shouldn't be anymore because I'm not affected by it. Not, but I, every time it comes up, you realize at how much of a, how much I hurt you and how much I hurt our family. Like Right. That book was real difficult because I had, we had to go through early stages of insecurities and things that, you know, we laugh at now, but back then you'd be like, gosh, What was wrong with me? And do you also Exactly. And do you realize how much, how disappointed you are in yourself? That's what that, that question you asked the question, what the fuck was wrong? What was I thinking? That's the whole time. But then I also think, you know, we got daughters. You be like, if, if my daughter brought a guy home like me, what?


Like, I wouldn't want my daughter to date a guy like me back then. Hell no. Now I'm, I'm a totally changed person, different person. Mind frames on a, on a totally different thing. But back then I wouldn't want that, that, that stress With my daughter. And you know what's nice for our older two children, they were maybe eight and 10 when this happened. So they're well aware of what happened. So it's nice for them to be able to see that something completely devastating can happen and you can survive it if you go about it the right way. If you understand the definition of love, you understand the definition of forgiveness, you work at it. You have that until mind frame. You know, you don't act like you're too good to do those things until, and now they get to enjoy the beauty and the magic of our family and our house is really magical.


And that's why, you know, when we were coming up with the title of the book, I told our, I told Abrams like, that has to be in the title because I honestly feel like our house is magical. Like you come into our house and it's just filled with so much love, fun and happiness all the time. We're, it's always jokes. It's always roasting. Rashan And I play fight a lot. You know, we joke with our kids, like our kids come in and they talk to us for hours. They tell us everything. Madison, who's now out of the house and she goes to NYU, she's a sophomore. She calls FaceTimes me seven, eight times a day. You know, like it's just this tight unit of a family and they get to see that.


But for forgiveness, but for perseverance. But most importantly, stop saying, But you turn a moment, But for God, But for God, none of this would've been possible. So there's lessons in it for our children specifically to live out what you preach. Well, I'm glad you're in this space and Mr. Logan Like shit, because It probably would've been weird, you know, Emmy, we came home with our underwear one day. Right? Did you pee yourself out in public? It was worse than that. I shouted myself a pill one day. Yeah. Oh, did you notice that? I remember when that happened. Oh, wait, wait. So wait, tie that In. You had to throw his underwear away. And I'm like a, any other time you might have been like, why doesn't my husband have on underwear When He comes home?


Did Jan find that Jan the janitor said, I don't know what's going on in that studio, but there's some strange stuff going on in that studio. My goodness. The book is out today. Go get it man. Make sure you pick it up. Real Life, Real Love. Get it today. Life lessons on joy, pain, and the magic that holds us together. That's right. Amazon, Barnes and Nobles, wherever you buy books, your local bookstores, please pick it up today, April 19th. Yes. And when you do read it or you read it, please, what we want you to do is we want you to tell us what you think about the book. Whether it's a 32nd video tag here. And I, we wanna repost it, whether you love it, whether you hate it, we're gonna repost all of them. 'cause we love to get you guys' feedback. Yeah. And I think that y'all gonna help a lot of couples and it's clear that y'all too are meant to be with each other.


You know what I'm saying? But not all of y'all out there. Some of y'all gonna have to leave the person that you're with Right. When they get caught up in these situations. But Right. Y'all, y'all are different. We Did the work. Yeah. Because a lot of people aren't willing to do the work. A lot of people don't have that until in mind and Until that's very important. Until It's just until dot, dot dot. You know. And there's also a list in the book, one of my favorite chapters is called The New Deal. And it's pretty much about reparations that the offender has to make after offending their partner. And it's those things that will help to let, to signal to your partner that you just may be worthy of forgiveness and being extended grace.


So what are those reparations? The first thing people gonna say is that, oh, that's why he does the 12 days of Christmas. You know? That's right. A lot of people do say that, You know That before we Before. But you know, before you know what's funny And, and that's the funny thing. We've always done 12 days of Christmas. We just never made it public. And it's not the type of thing that at first I ever wanted to make public because it is grand. But I decided to start posting it because it's not about the material items that he gives me for Christmas. It's about the intention behind it. It's about the thought. You know, he starts shopping almost a year in advance for that.


And every gift comes with something special, A little note, a little treasure hunt to find the gift, A prayer, a poem, something that is giving of his heart, not giving of his pocket. And that's why when you, you know, you read the book and you hear y'all talk, that's why you understand why he got so upset at Deis and Meryll that Yes. Correct. You know what I'm saying? Because y'all relationship is so much deeper than that. Of course. You know, because with their comment, it almost to me suggests as though there's nothing else worthy about him. That's right. That would signal me to stay aside from what he has to offer financially. And it's a joke.


Right. But we all know that all jokes are rooted in some truth. And that's what I think their truth was. Looking at it from an outsider, I wasn't some Jackie come lately and met somebody with money and was like, Ooh, come up. We grounded out from day one. Yeah. From day one. You know, I was always there and supporting him and loving him, and if he failed and wound up being a secretary or anything, followed another path, I would still be there know. Yeah. I think He'd be a proctologist. A proct. He does that on The side.


Did that take it took a beat to get that. Just Can't believe he Struggl Wife. Whatcha talking about, I'm just suggesting other career options that you could have taken that That's, I, I can't believe he's flirting with me, with my wife had. It is like, you're disrespectful. Real Life, Real Love. Go Get it. Right. And I just also wanna say Charlemagne is not in chapter 69. He, he, he, he, I'm on page 69. He's not on page 69 either. Right. Charlemagne is not in, there's no love situation with me and Charlemagne in the book. All right. It doesn't exist. But I, we appreciate you for Joining. In fact, you gotta say that lets everybody know that it's in there. Oh my goodness. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. Real Life, Real Love. Thank You for having me, guys. That's right. Pick it up today and it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. No, you gotta tell this guest. I love you. Before you sign off. Yes, GIA Casey, Thank you for joining us. I love you. I love you too. I love you way more than Charlamagne. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning,


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of Espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds at Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where Prohibited by Law 18 Plus Terms, Inc.


This is an ad by Better Help. What's your perfect night? Maybe you are settled at home alone or with loved ones covered in blankets, about to watch your favorite show. It's cozy, it's calm, and you're ready for a perfect night in therapy. Can feel a bit like that, A place for comfort, A time when you replenish your energy and take care of yourself. And hey, you can even do it without leaving that same cozy couch. This season is the perfect time to give therapy a try. Right from the comfort of home. With Better Help get matched with a tailored therapist based on your needs and preferences. Entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with the therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this season with Better Help. Visit better help.com today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com.