
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Preparations Darnell. Tell him you won't call him back. Right? Hey, y'all got on camera today? Yeah. This bullshit everybody. Good morning everybody. It's D-E-J-M-V, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have a special guest in the building here, has a Netflix specialist out right now. You're familiar with the old written law, love your friend. And its unwritten companion hate your enemy. I'm challenging that. I'm telling you to love your enemy. This is from Matthew 55, 43 48. That's all y'all religious introducing, yet I'm telling you to lose. Love your enemies. Let them bring, let them bring out the Best Of you, not the worst. When someone gives you a hard time, respond with the supple moves of prayer.


Look at God. Read Matthew, Matthew five, five. For then you are working out of your true selves, your God, cre, creative cells. This is what God does. He gives his best the sun to warm and the reign to nourish to everyone regardless the good and the bad. The nice and the nasty. If all you do is love the lovable, can I introduce, do you expect a bonus, Matthew five, five, Anybody, anybody can shut the fuck up while I'm talking about God. Fuck is wrong with you. Dig, I'm praying, nigga. And any, any, anybody can do that. If you simply say hello to those who greet you, do you expect a medal? Any run of the Mill Center does that. That's Donald rolls in a word. Yes. What I'm saying is grow up your kingdom subjects now.


Live like that. Live out your God created identity, live generously and gracely toward others. The way God lives toward you. Ladies And gentlemen, Don Raw. Hi Donna. I love you. I love you too. I love you more. Why didn't you read the script? You texted me the other day because you texted me. Matthew five, five. Read out Charlamagne happy. Happy are the Mild tempered since they will inherit the Earth. Mm. That's Matthew five, five mm. Welcome, Welcome. How you feeling, brother? I feel very Mild. In fact, I'm gonna tell you, this is how Mild I feel. I've looked at the careers of a lot of people, right? Yes. Yes. And some of those people that are super hot, that aren't that Mild, let's just say they're not doing the same thing that the Mild performers are you talking about Corey Holcomb?


I don't use names. I'm not talking about anybody. I mean, we could get to it. I mean, it's not, listen, I had a conversation with a very close friend of mine and they said they knew I was doing The Breakfast Club, right? And they said, Donelle, don't do it. That's what that person said. Don't do what? Don't do what? The Breakfast Club. They don't Do what you, I'm not used to seeing you like this, Don. They said Don't do what they're gonna try to do. Donelle. Look to Dave Chappelle. You always, They said don't do it. And the reason why they said, here's the thing you could say is this thing is, I'm giving light to somebody that doesn't deserve light. All right? I'm giving energy and pumping up something that doesn't have to be pumped up. Now we could talk about the situation. I see that sinister, nasty, light-skinned, looked at your heaven, Nasty, Light-skinned, you look very light.


You look very like lighter than normal. Such damn, like you look like Latisha, like light, light, like, like a White man. And the thing is, And the thing is, I know it's your business as a fake journalist, as a media personality, you have to get to the bottom of this. You have to get to what people are talking about in the streets. I don't want do that. But we can. No, I want talk thing about your special done. Now let's talk about special. So special and you Wait, wait, wait. What's special? A new day? No. What platform? Netflix. Netflix. Netflix. Netflix. Netflix. Not on a YouTube. Netflix. Not a podcast. Podcast Continue. What's wrong with YouTube podcast? I'm just saying there's levels to this. Apples and orders. Alright. That's our plan. Be, that's what being a mile get you. That's what we do. Are you still in I'm still in the top 10. That's what what we call for.


The people don't understand that they're look for clicks. This is called this business of, it's called Charting. Okay? Now there are a lot of shows on Netflix. And here's when The World, not just a, not just a podcast, sees you when you chart. When my Spencer dropped on the 27th, the next day it was charted at number two. Congrats. Now. No, no, no, no, no. Let's talk about it. Don't try to congrats. Go to the shit nigga. You gave congrats. You was the scaredest shit. Interview Andre Ward. Give me the same energy fucking sucking ass nigga answer on a punk ass question. So who do you think was gonna fight next? Alright, who's the greatest? Who's the greatest fighter you ever seen? So who do you think is the greatest nigga? Answer the real question. Nigga. Who do you think is the greatest?


Would you ever fight scorpion balls? How big is scorpion balls? There's a story in Las Vegas where some guy balls got bit by a scorpion. Hey Andre, would you ever fight a scorpion nigga? Gimme the same respect. I don't need that. I can say congratulations. I don't want your motherfucking congratulations. I wanna talk about the facts. I have a respectful question. Yes. Did that before that I have to answer his question first. Yes. The special dropped. I didn't ask a question, right? You were, you were getting there. Okay. It, it charted number two. Yes. Right? And it held on to number two for three days. It went to number four for a couple days it went to number seven. I'm not really sure even if it's charting right now. But to have a Netflix special to come out as many programs that are on Netflix just to get recognized in the top 10.


It's a big joint. Amazing. It's a big deal. And it's the reason why I support any comic that wanna follow my lead and be Mild. You should do it. Absolutely. That's what I'm saying. And to address that, here's my thing. All right. We'll say it. I don't want to get into it. I don't wanna get into it. 'cause I don't want to be messy. Well, don't, no, but I, no, no. I gotta say this. Can't getting into it. It's in your face, nigga. You sinister nigga. I don't understand. Your face should be like, that's the type of nigga you are. I don't get this. But you've always been such a Mild mannered comic. What is setting you off about this Situation? The thing that's setting me up about the situation is being called Mild. All right. And I'm gonna tell you why. It's the same issue I had with you for, for a person. That what I gotta do with this, I'm bringing you back in when I want to bring you back into this, I'm gonna pray for you dear father, help this nigga.


All right. The, the, the the point I'm making. What was the point? I, can you keep me on track? Just Yes. What is the point? I was making point that you were making why you don't like to be called a Mild. The reason why, and it's, I say the issue I had with you And I said, okay, this motherfucker keep on trying to create the narrative that he's not funny. You don't understand. That is not true. Yo, I said the beginning, let me say this. Lemme talk to a Comedian. Yep. You know the n word for us, not funny and corny as much success as you've had And I not that you've dealt with naysayers and everything and you could brush it off. Your numbers don't lie. It's still something personal about somebody saying that. Yeah. And you wanna say, fuck you. I know I'm not. And the reason why I'm gonna say that, and I'll address this.


First off, you gotta ask who's judging me? Who is saying you Mao. Right? And that person is now on a level of what I've done. We ain't talking about what your mouth and resume. If you ain't on a level, it's not even fair for you to make an assessment of what you think my motherfucking career is. Because I could do, I can do the resumes. Who was that? And this is what I could do. Resume. You could say, oh, I thought you the resume ball. I know you saw scorpion balls. I know I'm, I'm gonna deliver you. So, You know what I'm saying? It's like, okay, who's judging me? And then when somebody's judging me, you are making a critique of me. What are you doing? What are you doing in your career? But sit back trying to shit on a motherfucker. And I take offense to anybody saying not funny. 'cause I know after 30 years, that's not what the streets is saying.


I've never said you not funny. I'm talking about you. He was, it was about you always about you. He made a reference. Nigga, do you listen, you listen. Your, isn't that the sign of a narcissist? Yes. Always bringing it back to you. Yeah. It's not about you. But, but did you open up me? Okay, go ahead. This interview is me. That's right. Donelle Rob. A new day, a new dawn, and I'm feeling good. But you opened up for him that night, right? At Laugh Factory. What? What? Oh shit. What you say? First off, first off, You know what? Oh shit. Oh, come on. Lemme get a hug. No, no, no, no. I don't want that. Want That was crazy. That was, I don that want, that was, that was crazy. No, I didn't. Okay. No, I think it's very petty for comedians.


And I'm not gonna say names 'cause all this just getting my head. I think it's fucked up for comedians to try to be critics of, of comedians. When you are in the same field, nobody does that. Athletes nobody do that. You'll never hear LeBron James going out saying that Jay Morant is whack. I'm better than him. His name is Ja. Okay. Ja. Whatever it is. I'm making my point. You guys can clown up. I'm serious. No, I understand what you're saying. I'm stop laughing. I'm gonna get you when I say this. Yeah. You'll never have any other field where when you actively doing the same thing, you're gonna be a critic of that person. Yeah. And what they do is leave it on the court. Mm. You not gonna, LeBron may have a certain issue with certain players, but he was like, I'm not gonna be like, oh, I'm better him be like this.


I'm gonna dunk on you. Michael Jordan never went out and said what I'm gonna do to somebody, he went out and did it. So if you wanna fight me, fight in a fair arena, you can't fight me on Netflix because you ain't in that league. No. So if your criticism of me is, of what your opinion is, and even with this situation, somebody said, don't talk about it. You know what, I'm a very petty person. I've been riding y'all motherfuckers pause for eight years. I can be petty. That's fast. Right. I can be petty. Didn't wanna be petty. I said, and and the reason why I didn't wanna be petty, 'cause I started listening. I go through the comments, I started listening And I was saying, wait a minute, I don't gotta fight this motherfucker.


I'll let them fight it. I don't need this fight. You gotta stop Cursing down that you have to use Mild profanity. You Don't, you edit this shit. Yes. All right. Do edit shit. But I got you. But Mild Profanity, because we don't want to have to edit too much. Beep beep, beep. Okay. Alright. What I'm saying is, if you wanna fight me, fight me on in, in a, in a right arena, You know, and the thing is where you wanna fight me or criticize me, I've already done that. Yeah. I've already done that. If you check my resume, And I know you guys have, because you always want to have some insight on me. If you check my resume and my career goes over 30 years, I started in the same place that everybody started, probably even worse. So when you try to put out there what you think comedy is and getting in front of mud, I guess what I've been through the mud, but who still wanna keep playing in the dirt?


Eventually you gotta elevate yourself. I don't wanna do that. Why being so Spicy, Donna? We know like you are funny. Like we, we, we like, we know you funny. Like So what you're trying to do down is like no, I'm, I'm Being honest. Like how many times have I came to your show? This is gaslighting. You're gaslighting. Absolutely. Because he's he's getting some things off his chest and you're gaslighting totally What you started. I'm trying to be Supportive. I'm sorry, I don't trust you. I'm just, I'm keeping it real. I like you, but I don't trust you. And I have the same situation with certain names, whatever, but it's like, it's like this. And I look at this And I know the question is, well what's up with all this comedy beef or whatever. And it's unfortunate. Who Got that question? I had that question. There's An elephant.


There's an elephant in the room. Absolutely. And we ask every other Comedian that fucking comes up here that question. And I was gonna get to that. No, he, everybody that question, how do you feel about the comedy beef and the climate that it's in? Let's take away a nigga with a podcast who talks about everybody to get attention. Let's take away that. What's the question again? Let's talk about No, I'm talking attention. The, the climate and what comedy is, it's a Comedian, You know what comedy is in? I answer this way. It's two. You gotta do like with the OG Comics, white comics, black comics, whatever. Like Yeah. The thing is, in our community, we feel like it only could be one black person on top at one time. Okay. Nobody wants to share the stage. They feel like Hollywood picks this person. But everybody can win. Everybody wants to be Batman, but it's gonna be more Robbins than anything.


We're not supportive of each other. We're very, very selfish. Yeah. Very competitive, but not the point of competitive. That's Everybody though. We See we gave, I'm not talking to you Vy. Okay. Sorry, I'm talking to a Comedian. Do you wanna do comedy? No sir. You can start like we did. We can do open mics. No sir. I know you have a platform. No, sir. And you think you could do anything? I Said No sir. Go ahead. Like Do we interrupt car show promotions like this? Sorry. Imagine me interfering when you talking about one of your ass car shows you I said, sorry, continue on. Alright. We don't do seminars for houses anymore. I'm so glad that time. Wait a minute, wait a minute. He, he doesn't do open mics. He does open houses. Yeah. Open houses. Them houses close like shit right now. But anyway. Oh my goodness.


The question is, it's, and it's, it's, And I, we very, very, very, very hateful. Yeah. And as bad as the climate has been in comedy, this is the common denominator with everybody that's been a subject of discussion from the shell. Let's keep it real from the Shehe interview. All these names that came up. Yeah. The one thing that's common with everybody is that we all started from nothing. There's not a story of anybody's names going up that didn't come from one family house. You know what I'm saying? Nothing. Everybody, everybody they talk about had a dream and they turned their dream into reality. So my thing, if you wanna be critical of that, didn't be same, use that same criticism and talk about the come up, talk about the people that have done it and let people know that this is something that you can focus on.


And you can do it, you can be good at it and you make it successful. The only thing right now in our, in our, in our, in our comedy community is that people are trying to sell controversy now. Yeah. They don't wanna sell jokes anymore because they know what moves the needle. Every podcast platform, I did a whole media run and everybody, as soon as I walked in, they wanted a controversy. I heard so and so about that. Yep. They wanted, oh, I heard this. Because they know that our society, we, we, we gravitate toward negativity. We thrive off it more than anything. That's why you look at news, the news, whatever New York news, you look at it, person was murdered in Brooklyn, person was murdered in Bronx because we gravitate toward negative stuff. It's unfortunate where we ever get where we have these positive stories. Never.


Because that don't move the do. So you got people out here trying to move it do with podcasts, whatever. And the way I'm trying to move it down is by what I'm doing. I don't have to talk about it. I'm not cocky about my Netflix special. I've been doing this for 32 years and anybody, You know, You know my history. Anybody, they know my history. I put the work in. So when you try to discredit that, I'm gonna defend that. Yeah. Again, I don't want talk about it because there's the thing, I make a conversation. It's Been 17 minutes And I you talking about, Alright, because somebody told me not to do, you had a Mild disagreement. That's what it was. No, we didn't have, now we said fuck him. Was I supposed to say that? I don't know how to say it. I was trying not to say it. Whatever. I was trying not to say. I swear God don't do this Different things.


Just gimme fuck. Fuck him. Fuck him. That's what I wanna say. Well, that's what I wanna say. Can ask you a serious question. Yeah. If sucking three dicks get you a movie, what does sucking six dicks get? Well, that's a question for you. 'cause I know you are, you, you are very serious about getting to the acting world. Right? And when I came up here, I was like, this, You know what outta all this discussion on CIO and shit, I was like, who better to audition for three movies than Charlemagne? So maybe that's a question. You are the one curious about how you get In the movies And that's a trigger. I've been in over three movies and I've never, and with that, I've kept my career dick free. So I've done it.


It's been a struggle for some people. Right. But I've stuck to my guns to get the dick outta here even so much that I moved to Ohio just to get away from the traps of the dick in Hollywood. There's no dicks in Ohio. They, they ain't nobody sucking dick for rose. Got you. Got you Got. You know what I'm saying? I'm pretty sure that's, I mean, You know, it's happening out there, but that's not, You know, that's not a thing of mine. Do you practice like gentle or Mild parenting? I'm very, very Mild. Okay. Very Mild and gentle parent. Okay. And I think that's because I'm an older, older parent. Like, okay, I think I'm old enough to be my son's grandfather and father at the same time. So he's being raised with grandfather energy, all that discipline stuff.


I don't really do that. Like when he was younger, he'd cry. I'd just give him lollipops. I didn't try to give no life lessons. I'm like a old head dad. So yeah. I got a gentle kinder parenting style. How old is your son? How's Ohio? He's eight. Okay. Yeah. How's Ohio? Ohio is good. I'm on the road. I live more on the road than anything. Ohio's great. It's Mild weather there all the time. Or it's Mild weather. That's why I leave. 'cause I need to go to more spicy weather. I need to go to a climate where they get it from the mud. Okay. You know? And I gotta, here's the thing about it. I gotta keep it real. Right. Of course. That's what society says. But the irony of that, when I did Chappelle show, one of the sketches that connect with people resonates so much was when keeping the real goes wrong. So it was a situation I had with keeping the real goes wrong.


Guess who wrote that? Who me. Oh. Mm. So I knew how keeping the real could go wrong. Next question. I didn't know you Right. That Sketch. Next question. There's a lot of things you don't know about Chappelle show. I did. Do You know the character Beautiful that I played? Beautiful. The Pimp did Dr. Pimp. The Jerry Curl guy. Oh yeah. Well you didn't know about this was that character was not on the paper. They didn't write that. And this is how hateful of a sketch that was. I asked Neil, Brenda, I said, what's the next sketch I'm gonna be on? He said, player hate his ball. So the next day I look at the call sheet, which would tell you what you playing and everything. And I saw that I wasn't on in And I asked Neil, I said, I'm supposed to be in a player, hate his ball. Why am I not player? His ball? He said, oh, I'm sorry BI forgot.


I was like, all right. He said, well just come up with something. So that character, if you look at the original script, he did not exist on there. I went home. I, my hair's been bald for years And I was like, I want to do a different look. Everybody know this. I was like, now there's an opportunity for me to grow hair. So I went to the makeup, I said I want a Jerry Curl wig. I went to props And I said, I want a bottle, I want, I want some curl activator. Right? But I wanted to be in a champagne bottle, but they said that'd be too sloppy. So I said, gimme an aerosol, can wrap it around with some platinum gold look or whatever. I'm gonna do that. Right. This was the night before. I told 'em that. And then Five Heartbeats was one of my favorite movies mindset. So I said I wanted to be dressed like Eddie Kane Jr. If you look at what Beautiful was wearing that, it almost looked like the dang, You know the, it looked like that.


So I went with that. I know this bores you because I'm making sense. So you can leave the interview if you want. No, we we, I see you're not making eye contact. You tell all conversation. No, no, no, no, no. Asking a question. You, you're distracted. I'm not. Focus on me. I am. Can it be about me right now? It is about you. Anyway, back to what I was saying. Five heartbeats. Yeah. I, Hey, I'm Here for You Darnell. So I said I wanted the Eddie Kayne Jr. Look, so this guy West Didn didn't even exist. So I got a Jerry Curl, I got the outfit and everything and I'm walking around And I didn't have a name. And I was looking in the mirror. I didn't have a name. I said, Neil, what's this character name? He said, I don't know B, just make up something. So I walked past the mirror And I was like, damn, I feel beautiful.


Mm, beautiful. DD beautiful. I said, Neil, my name is beautiful. He said, well that's a lie. But it's a funny name genius. And if you look at it, no, everything I said outta my mouth was a improv. It, that character did not exist. That was my contribution to that. That's dope. I didn't know that. Can I ask you a real Question? No. When you got into the Mild, I said no. When you got into the, the Mild disagreement, why didn't you leave the first time? Why you kept leaving and coming back and leaving and coming back and leaving and coming back. First Off, what you don't understand is that I didn't leave and come back. I stayed. And here's another thing about that situation. That night there was three shows at The Laugh Factory on when the three, when it's a three day weekend.


Since y'all want the fucking truth, I'm not gonna bash anybody. In fact, I've never one time said anything bad about this guy. If you wanna say his name and promote it, you can. I'll call him this guy. I've been called Ugly Larry. I've been called all this stupid shit. It's not funny. Yo, listen, it is not funny. The reason why it's not funny 'cause I know I ain't the best looking nigga. When I was fucking 15, I looked in the mirror and said, this face has to be rich and famous. Yeah. I, what's up Having, you didn't have to grease so quick. No, I'm not. No, I'm just saying certain faces look like you gotta add something to it. Okay. You know? And what's your question? Why did I keep leaving or whatever that day I closed three shows.


First show, second show, late show, midnight show. I didn't wanna go there. I was tired, You know. But I didn't wanna let Lonnie down shout Deani Chocolate Factory. I wanted to commit to it. So I came to the show. Right. And I don't, I don't mingle with comics. I don't go over there and do all the powwow shit. Right. I don't look at the lineup. I just know that I'm gonna go in and call me. I'm gonna go up my name called, went up there, destroyed the show, ripped the show, but also know that I had to make an announcement about my My special. Special. Yep. And I wanted to say something that was real. So I had the crowd up here. I could have said goodnight. I took it down And I explained what this special was meant to me, how it got here. And it was a very heartfelt, and if you listen to that video, you could tell people it's riding with me.


Yeah. I didn't have to, I ain't gotta get on standing over right there. I said I made my points And I knew I was gonna use this. So I thought that they was giving me the light. I'm like, I'm the last one. Everybody else been kind of weak. I'm I'm, I was wondering why they was stretching it. Right. I was like, for me just to do 10 minutes after people been waiting for the room, I make no sense. So I did go a little bit over my time. I went over my time not knowing that anybody else was on the show. Thought you was closing. I thought I was closing. But they was Trying to get you off the stage for the headline. No they wasn't. You not paying. I I'm so focused. Yeah. Okay. I got it. Sorry. Listen. So Well no, Corey was headlining. Right. So I'm the, you went over time A little bit and you,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, You know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom. Right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed. At t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes, everything.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa. Whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style innovative tag. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pic of a dope mural on the side of a building that you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses. Raybin meta glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan meta glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


I knew went off my time. Yeah, but they will let me do that. I've been doing this long enough. If I wanna run the light a little bit, I can do it. Yeah. Okay. I'm Donna Rawlins, right? Yes. So I'm leaving. Good night. Goodnight. And then they said we got one more guest coming up from, from the 30 30 podcast or whatever number it is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they said blah, blah blah. And I was like, oh, I want to listen to this. Yeah. And the reason why I wanted to listen to it, I had already wanted to talk to this guy. Why? I'm gonna tell you why. Because I was fed up and like a lot of comedians fed up with the antics of why everything that comes out your mouth has to be negative and shit on people.


I wanted to have a conversation, not just for me, but for the comedy community. Why is it that you always have to talk shit about people and nobody asked you. I could see if you go on somebody's platform, they said what you think about so and so, but you volunteering this negative information and You know how close I'm with this guy, You know, talking about Dave. Yeah. Know how close I'm with Dave and he made some comments about Dave and you could go on your platform and you could say, I'm just, I'm just telling the truth. I'm afraid to. What is the purpose of saying that? Making a comment. And I understand this and, And I heard you on your podcast or Dave, he be bombing. All right. First off, I didn't say that. Not you.


Oh, I'm saying I'm listening to the Brilliant Dummies or whatever the name of that show is. Right? And and like and you're like, he be bombing. First off, if you see Dave Chappelle in a comedy like night like D Ray Mondays, right? Yeah. That he's not in there practicing for a special. This is what I was trying to make. He's not in there. You know why he's in there? 'cause he's black, he loves black people and he want his black people to feel that I'm still accessible. Right. To feel that I could pop in to feel like, yo, the guy who is you call a goat still wants to hang out with y'all. Which I experienced myself.


Yeah. Before. Yeah. You, You know what that is. And you going in there, this is what people don't understand. This is why when I asked him about that, he was like, he'd be bomb. I was like, it's a workout. Yeah, it's a workout. Guess how you get new jokes? By jokes not working. You think that De Chappelle or anybody's gonna go into these nights, especially with the phones running and everything and go up there and give you a show that he charges 500, $600 for. He's going up there to do what? To be Dave to sit up there. Nigga wanna smoke a cigarette if you want. He going up there to chill. Yeah. And who are you to sit in the dark With a mic? What In the dark? The cri like, oh he ain't so and so. If you wanna, if you really want to test a motherfucker, your go to an arena show.


When we performing for 20 and 20,000 people and we setting stuff for flame, that those rooms are designed for people not to be critical. That's what those rooms for. But why? But why you let it bother you? Because You know, we've been in those rooms. You know, I've seen you in a small venue and I've seen you in huge venues. Right? I, we've seen Davis. Why did I let what bother me? But why are You letting what he said bother you? Because You know what it is. You know, you fucking, You don't know I'm sensitive. Hmm. I'm sensitive. Oh, okay. And then at And I sensitive. And then even with you, You know, outside of being sensitive, this is a person that always does this shit. Yeah. Like all the time. You know what I'm saying? It is the same thing. And the only way that you can actually ever get to him to talk to him is if you pop up on him.


Because even in my experience, I mean, I'm talking about this person has talked about me years and years and years. Right? Try to apologize to another Comedian. Nah, don't send me dray to apologize to me. Right. I want you to apologize to me as a mother 'cause of the shit you said about my son. You know what? And I saying is when, and then you, and then then I had to call you, I'm talking about block my number out to call you and you answer the phone like, who this, You know what I'm saying? And then you apologize. Right. And then I would've never made those, those comments about you had, I knew you were a Comedian. Well what the, what that gotta do with me being a a, a Comedian. So he has apologized you before He has on the phone. And then later and later it's a different story. It's, and you get on that mic again on, on on the show, whatever, on, on your podcast show.


Right. Which is like the only thing you have, You know what I'm saying? And, and you talk about me and you talk about me and you talk about, so he cannot leave our names and the names of the greats and the name of the people that he cannot beat. Right. On a Netflix, on anything else, in any other realm out of his mouth. He can't do that. So that's all he has is that Mike in that donna and in that cold corner. Right. You know, Without anybody, without anybody being able to respond. Right. Without having an opinion of anybody. And here's the thing, whether You know it or not, it was so many comedians that called me and said thank you. And going back to your question is that I look at Dave, you asked the question, listen. Yes. He asked the question earlier, back to your point is that him like, I'm a good friend, people wanna say all this shit.


Well even with that, he was like, we're not had a special or Dave Chappelle put him on. What you don't know is Netflix had already agreed to do a special with me, produced by Dave or not. But so what, what, what if Dave did put you on? So what you is, man. No, but I'm saying I'm The work In like, I'm answering like dumb questions. You know what I'm saying? And this is what people don't understand. Yeah. And this is where the loyalty comes in. Dave Ain't Dave ain't just handing out specials. That that, that's the point. People that are very deserving Of it. That's the point I'm making. But people don't understand that any success somebody get with hard work, whatever they wanna say you had to do so and so, so you dismissing work ethics, you dismissing going hard. No. You dismissing God. Don't think I I just think you take people. See I'm not saying no.


And I, I'm not saying, You know, I'm just saying just, But it just makes sense. It's like if, if I wanted to do a podcast right, why wouldn't I go to Charlemagne who has his own podcast? Right? Right. That's my guy And he's gonna hopefully look out the best interest. Even when I was doing my book, I called Charlemagne and say, yo, these are the terms for the book. What do you think? He's done it before. So My next question is, if you written more than three books, did you have to get fellatio for three books? Or is that just for movies In the book world was just hand jobs. I knew, I knew it was what's up sexual? Yeah, it's just hand jobs in the book World. Yeah. But again, going back to it, I, when I, when I spoke out And I will do, I will do this, there's a, a unwritten rule that comedian's not supposed to heckle. And it wasn't a heckle. Right. When I, when I said what I said, I felt like I did that not just for myself but for so many comedians that's like, enough is enough.


It's not gonna change anything. You're gonna listen to this and you're gonna figure out how to make some content outta this and you're gonna be yourself. Well got the right to respond. Yeah, He, but what are we gonna, what is he gonna respond to? Just like even when responded, what he said, he ugly. And here's the thing, you wanna be okay. I'm ugly. So what? Okay. Yeah. I Gotta agree with him on that. Yeah. All right. I wouldn't say ugly though. Just Mild Looking. Guess why not? Guess who I'm not trying to impress with my looks. You nigga. Why? Well that nigga or you, You know what I'm Saying? Here's the thing, here's the thing. Everything with that situation, I like y outfit today. Thank you. Everything with that situation. Like you are this, you're that. Alright, so you're judging a man. Like you looked at me and said I'm ugly. So who's fine to you? Me, I'm not talking to you.


Oh. If you wanted to criticize somebody look like, oh he's ugly. So just tell me who you think is fine. So that means you, you looking at dudes. But that's when you, that's when you go, oh no, no, Darnell ugly. But guess who fine y'all. Are you gonna say that next? And then it didn't. At the end of the day, this interview was not supposed to be about this. But at the end of the day Exactly. But at the End of the day, who making it about this? Please. I'm not trying to hear None of That. You know. Well, can I ask a question? Whatever. Could you and Corey ever get on the same page? I think him and Jessica situation is different because what I need to get on, You Know, talking about somebody's C child is nothing. But could you, could You I'll say this, he was with me, he was for me. I respected him. You know, everybody don't agree with his style of comedy. And I've, I've said this to people before, like to be able to have the skill And I say Patrice O'Neill was like this.


To have a set skillset where you could have people like angry, wanting to leave. Like this is disgusting. And then one joke, you got 'em laughing. There's something to be said about that dark comedy. You know what I'm saying? And that's why I've always shown him that I don't talk to comedians. I don't hang out with comedians. He was one of the guys that when I see him, my dad, I'd be like, what's up? We would talk, we would talk, we would talk. So it was kind of talk. It was kind of interesting to me that when this hits like this, let's keep it what it is. You know, like the situation you have with him. I was like this, I fight you all day. You know what I'm saying? You talking to me, you'll fight him. Figuratively speaking. Yeah, please. We groan. Come on Darnell. You are what? I called him a provocateur. This is not gonna work.


Let's just let the interview still on The, I'm saying I don't want y'all to Fight. We not gonna fight. Let's gonna fight. We will fight. And You know what? He'll, we'll how we'll fight, we'll fight on success. We'll fight on what we doing. You know what I'm saying? I know how to beat certain people. That's an easy battle. Just keep, just keep going. I don't, I don't have to do that. Success is subjective too Though. Yeah, it is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I know what he want. What does He want? He wants what everybody else has. But what you gonna do? And then you paint a narrative that the only way you can get that is do a certain thing. You don't have to do that work the still win as much crazy as it is. Work ethics still win. I remember years ago it was me, we was at the Uptown Comedy Club.


You laugh because I said that Transition was crazy. That transition was let him go uptown Comedy Club. I'm not gonna make everything sounds so sad man. Okay, so what'd you say? I'm gonna walk in a United Negro College fund commercial. Yo dude. The saddest commercial. But you should be black and white with sad music playing. No, I say, I say, I say, oh man. Alright, I'll, I'll ah dammit Uptown com Years ago. This is an example of how you fight. Years ago we was at the Uptown Comedy Club. It was me. Stop laughing man. Dave, we were in the backstage on like in in the loading dock area. It was me, Dave, me, Dave, Tracy Morgan, Mike Epps at that time Tracy Morgan.


For whatever reason they was beefing each other. Beef. Beef go way back just like 20 fight. Tracy Who? Tracy Morgan and Mike Epps. Oh, okay. Alright. They were beefing each other right to the point where they was getting ready. We were back here on the slowing dock and they was getting ready to fight. And interesting enough, Dave was there and Dave, they was getting ready to go at it and Dave got between both of them and he said, yo, don't fight right here. And it was a, it happened to be a TV back at the stage. Right. And he pointed to the tv, he said, this is where y'all need to fight. Get a TV show fight with your success. That's why I could go back and forth with this with him. But I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna continue to walk my walk. I'm gonna continue to do what I do. And I realize sometimes you gotta let other people fight your battles.


I don't, the fans have spoken. The fans have said what it is my special is a good special No, it's a great special Mild. You know what I'm saying? Alright. It's a, it it's a great special asshole. It's a great special. When I say in a sense of what I wanted to do, comedy is subjective to whatever style you like. But I tell everybody, I even told all my people that I work with, I said people gonna be able to rate us however they want. I said, but what you can't deny is that the special feels good. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The people are watching it. Have you seen any change in like, And I know it's only been a week, but have you seen any change in like, You know, you, your career since this came out? I feel How People view you. Maybe The thing that was really in my favor that I've had, I had momentum before this special came out.


I started seeing my ticket sales. This is just from the grinder. I started seeing that even my manager and everything, this is like a two year process and they, everybody was like, when it's special, when the special come out, I said, can we just save my specials never coming out. Right. I said let's just work like say it's never gonna come out. 'cause it's easy to work it. Now we got a tool to work with. Let's just keep on our path of it's never gonna come out. Right. But what I, I do know is it's only been like two weeks or a week since out. Yeah. When I, I did a couple of shows. Here's another thing about the grind in the mud. The day did my special came out Next day I was charted two right following day for people to talk about. He couldn't handle certain rooms. The next day I did ti room in Atlanta.


Oh yeah. And that room is a room that would destroy you. They wasn't even thinking about comedy. They was ready to rap and everything went in that joint. You know them clubs where you can't have a margarita machine. Yeah. And fuck you better be funny and all that. And for me, I maybe I'm weird. I could have been like, oh I'm too good for this. It, it took me back to when I was doing comedy the first two years when every comic was going up there. They was bombing and whatever. And then we're Proud of you Don proud of you. I don't know what the fuck you in here talking about right now, but we're proud of you and we got you a gift basket. We got Don a nice gift basket. Basket. We're so proud of him in his new special. What's in the gift basket? New Netflix special. A new day.


We got you. 'cause I know you like to cook. Right. And I know you like to smoke. That's true. So we got you some things. So When I went back to this ghetto room, right? Yeah. Because it took you back Two years. It's your first two years At, but You know what I will say this is my favorite. Which one? Which one? Which one? This green one right here. See We got him. Boom. Okay. You, you gotta tell people what it is. I'm gonna tell him we have him some Mild green pepper to ba sauce. Mild And zesty. Okay. What else? You got Mild Zey. You take the zesty part. I take the Mild part. We have the sweet baby rays, gourmet sauce. Mild, Mild buffalo wing sauce. That's great. Okay. We have the taco bell. Mild sauce for you. These are my favorites. That's Right. We have kinder's barbecue sauce, honey.


Hot, Mild. Mild. Okay. Okay. We have the Ortega Mild original taco sauce. Sauce. Nice, nice, nice. Oh we even got, this is good too. We have the Peggy's marinade wing dip straight from Pennsylvania. That's you got into the fight at Right? Right. This is Mild as well. Mild. Okay. Okay. And we have a lot of black and Mild. Black and Mild black and Mild cigars because I know you like to smoke. Okay. Okay, Don. Okay. Anything else? That's It. Alright. Damn. Anybody, anybody? I want to give some gifts, but the only place if somebody go to the bathroom and give a wash rag for somebody career that's washed up. Do you got the head and shoulder body wash? Do do you have some?


Do we, do we have anything that represents Washed? Are you gonna use these products washed? There's some good stuff in there. We, no, You know, we put some thought into that. Donelle, you thought This was gonna be a hate gift, but I love It. It's not, I I I was not, that's not a hate gift. I know what you like. I like That. That that was very good attempt. It's thoughtful. Very good. You like the cook you always cooking in Ohio. Right? That's a very thoughtful bomb. There you go. What was the last thing I was saying before I was interrupted with that? You were saying it took you back to your first two years. When I went back after doing the Netflix thing And I went back to where I started in the, in the, in the gutter. I did that show And I felt accomplished with it. I was like, you can say whatever you want, but I could still go in there. And what I'll do is I don't have a beef, but I will say the thing what I was saying earlier, you could talk to me, you could beef with me as a man.


But this is the dirty grimy part is when you start throwing a person's family in it. Mm. And you've had an experiences like this where you came out of your normal self to defend your family. Who, what? Who talked about your family? Stop it. You know what it is. If we're gonna talk about it, talk about it. You wanna talk About your family? No, I really don't know. I'm, I'm not joking though. Yeah. Well, You know, he mentioned your family, the greatest Comedian in the history of comedy. He said something about my family, The greatest Comedian in the history. Yo. Oh, he's not? Oh, he's not that great. Sorry. Hell no. I was gonna say, who the hell are you talking about? I was thinking about somebody else. Oh. You know, I had to like, when I did what I did And I have a, I, I don't have no problem saying I shouldn't have yelled out. I don't have no problem saying that. But it was just pent up. But you go on your platform and then you want to talk about me.


That's cool. Your looks and everything. Then you wanna bring my family involved. You wanna involve my family? You wanna po And I know this stuff is Google, but, but on your platform that's filled with hate. You wanna put a picture of my family, my baby mother and my son first off. Oh, okay. I remember that. That's Different. You're right. That's very dirty. Yeah. Because now in a negative climate that your show is people seeing that they gotta be out in public. You don't know how people are gonna react. That's the problem. And I was like, I don't want to entertain this 'cause it's too much good stuff going on, but I have a problem. Keep it fair. You wanna fuck with me, fuck with me. Believe that out of it. Have Y'all spoke? Nah, I don't have, I don't really, But then you have to understand something too.


This man doesn't respect his own family. You know, he, You know, he says things like, You know, fuck his daughter, fuck his mom and shit like that. So I, at some point it's like there's no making up with a person like this. There is no trying to understand, to sit down like that type of person needs healing and therapy of his own. So, And, And I think that's why I said the prayer earlier. The thing is, there is no reason to for me to do it. Yeah. I've already started with limited contact. Yeah. Always started with a mutual respect. But if you lose respect for me, I lose respect for you. Hmm. And even when I said what I said on stage, now one time did I berate him? Not one time did I say anything bad about his comedy. Now, one time I said anything about his family. Now one time I say anything bad about him, I explained to what I am And I know that there's nobody gonna believe that I'm a ma comic.


There's nobody gonna believe that I'm not. So you think, and here's another Thing, You know, there's a lot of people that don't know what you even talking about right now. That's why I'm saying like you, You got this. I'm nobody man. Fuck up. Yeah. Fucked. Thank You. Go put that on your scorpion ball. I didn't know it was gonna be a whole hour. You know what I'm saying? No it wasn't. We Didn't. You have a great special called a new day. It Netflix right now. Make it a new day. Darnell. Here's the thing, Darnell. Make it a new day. This conversation, there was a con, this conversation wasn't specific to one person that is Ocean. It was a conversation about this industry and how people move and like you said, it's a new day, it's a new dawn, it's a new life for me and I'm feeling good.


Donnell Rollins, Netflix special is still charting on Netflix And I wanna say I appreciate this time. We appreciate you. It was good to see you. It was very good. And congratulations, Not you. It's always good to see you. It's always good to see you, Darnell. I wanna say congratulations. Thank you. That's crazy. I really, I really appreciate you. Thank You. I really appreciate you And I support you. I want everybody to get along, You know what I'm saying? I want you and Corey to make up. I want, You know what I'm, look, you can keep talking bullshit to him. Fuck Corey. Don't have say nothing. No. Boy over here to me. You know we ain doing, You know how I feel. We appreciate you for joining us. It's a new Dawn Darnell. Make sure you check out his special.


It's A new life for me All. It's The Breakfast Club that I'm feeling good. Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club,


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite pigs.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap. Wear and love select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.