
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake that ass up. Irv in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. We got Jaleel White welcome. What's up Kat? How you feeling man? I'm doing Great man. I'm having a good Morning. Good to see you brother. Good To see you brother. You got your new book growing up? Urkel a memoir. Yeah. Why you do the eighties, nineties RB cover on the front, bro. This ain't even eighties. It's like 70, 60 seventies. Don't take me back. Early eighties. Early eighties. Eighties, eighties. That's the Mike Jack poem. Eighties. This is, why does Swes Post? You know, I did it because for anybody who's a fan of the Stefan character, they know that he was debuted in a white suit.


I said That when I first started, I said, this is Stefan Emini Here. Yeah, he was debuted in a white suit. And then I love having fun on Instagram anyway. And Instagram has that meme that has all four of the, of the greats. It was like Luther Vandross, Lionel Richie, Teddy Pendergrass hit Michael Jackson. Yeah, they all ch Michael Jackson hit it last, but of course he hit it the biggest. So for a black man in the eighties or born around that period, it, when you put that picture on the front, it just means, hey, the contents are fire. Gotcha. But nobody even notices on the back. I actually give you, I see you jumping around. Yeah, no, on the back I give you the, the high water pants and the Urkel shoes and nobody even notices it. Nobody notice That. Nobody even notices.


You don't got the glasses on. That's why. Yeah, that's probably why. So you don't mind being called Stefan? You know, it's Not even about mine. It is. Stefan saved my life, like just black women everywhere. Just choose to call me, Speak what I'm In. When he walked in I was like, oh my God. Lit up when you walked in. Does that happen to you All the time? And you would be like, yeah, because when you walked in I instantly remember you walking on the screen and being like, oh shoot. Like it. I heard the music and everything that, That is watching the music and Everyth. I'm trying to tell you. No, I love it. Big they with black women in particular, the the 24 episodes outta 215 that I did, they only keyed in on Stefan and they were just relieved that I wasn't really like that. I've always loved your story though because you know, you are the epitome of, you know, taking advantage of a moment season opportunity, right?


Because you were so only supposed to be on one episode. One episode of Family Matters. How'd that happen Again, char Me. I was, I was just a black kid at one of the second Genesis dog. It, it really wasn't that deep. My dad told me that I could get one of anything whenever I got a job because I was resisting going on auditions at this point. I was five foot four. Me was ready to play basketball. We gonna get into basketball talks at some point. And I really wasn't, I wasn't booking jobs at age 12 too much because a lot of the stereotypical roles, I just wasn't fitting it. My, my, my profile. I had, like I said, I had braces. I'm five foot four And I saw this audition come through And I was like, I can get this job.


I Can just do, what was it? What was it? What did it say? The description I, I included in the book description was just, you know, nerdy character Rick. Matter of fact, I was described as a Rick Morran type. So that just shows you what the writer's room was already doing. The casted a black kid and asking for a Rick Moran type. So I actually read that literally. And then I went and got the Best of Saturday Night Live VHS tape that we had in our house. And I found Ed Grimley And I basically was doing a black kid's version of Ed Grimley. Yeah. And it wasn't really a good impersonation quite frankly, but because nobody thought that was my, my inspiration, it became, it became mine. It's amazing. You can't, you can't trademark a, I don't wanna say a character 'cause I'm sure you can trademark a character, but the, the, the mannerisms of a Character.


Oh wow. That's the voice. Did I do that? Do you know what Emini here we only think about this stuff in America, man. Emini here. Did did you get the second genesis? I was just always curious. Of course you got the second. Okay. I just wanted make Sure, of course I got that second genesis. Did You wanna act? Acting was just something that I just did natural. I've been doing this, I was three, so, you know, did you wanna do anything that your parents got, you started in when you were three? It was just, it just came naturally. I didn't resist it And I enjoyed it. Of course, you always enjoyed it. Enjoyed getting a day off of school to go someplace and, and, and cool and Yeah, exactly. And have some fun. But as I got to be around the age of 12, I didn't really want to act anymore. I wanted to play, play basketball. But once I got the show, then I started getting reps in at a different pace.


Right. And now once you get reps in, you prove yourself good at something proficient. Like I remember the exact episode where I'm like, oh, this is fun and this audience is my toy. And then the episode's called The Big Fix where I took Laura on a date for the first time because Eddie needed to pay off a bet And I leveled this French restaurant. Now Before we get to, I don gotta Remember that episode. Yeah, that's, that's the first episode where I'm like, yeah, I could hear the audience different. I could see it in my eyes when I watched the episode. Before We get into to that part of it, is it true that you tried out for Rudy Huxtable lap? That part? Yeah, I did the ru that's her name. Rudy was four boy. Oh wow. Wow. It was four boy. So there was a debate there and you know, he obviously won out over the network at the end.


And, and Keisha got the role in the end. How close did you get? Oh, it came down to me and her. That's it. Oh wow. They, they auditioned us all day. I actually never forget that audition because they brought in, they always bring in like two or three options for each role, but they put us in one room for like several hours and kept pairing us and going in and out. And I talk about that in the book as well. And, and then at the end they said, Hey listen, we are pressed for time, so we will take you, you, you and you and the rest of you thank you for coming out. So you had all these crying kids just pouring outta that building that had been there all day. And I remember my mom was like, she just had a huge reaction to that. She was like, if you ever react like that to losing an audition again.


Oh, you cried. You was balling. Oh, we were every Emini here. That's a cold way to lose a job when you're seven years old. Did you really understand though? It's To be picked right in front, you know, and right in front because generally it happened, you know, your agent would call you or your agent didn't call you. Right. And my mom was never the type to call the agent also and be like, did we or did we not get the job? And a lot of parents do that, but Did you really understand at seven years old, like, oh my God, I'm losing this job. This is like what this could be. Well We were Supposed, you were just like a kid and it was like, no. So you cried, but like, what did you think? No. Well we were supposed to move to New York. Oh. So they were, they had already talked to my parents through our agent and everything and my dad was trying to figure out, 'cause he was just graduating from dental school at the time. My dad was trying to figure out how to do this from New York.


Right. They had practically said, the job is yours. And then a little girl came walking in. Damn. Oh wow. Emini here. They do that kind of stuff all the time. Now that I'm an adult and I know that, but at the time it was just, it was just very shocking. So you focused and then you become a big fan of the show, right? So you're looking at the show and it's like, oh man, that could have been me. Right? You do, you're doing that. But that passes too. That Passes. Yeah. Especially when you end up with your own iconic role in the future. Right. I didn't even look at it that way. Okay. Seriously. I just, I, during that time, Sean Emini here, I'm telling you Matt, it's, it's wild to watch fame now because everybody kind of believes like they can have a famous moment and, and it should come easy to them. But back then, like, you know, if you got a chance to meet Magic Johnson or you got a chance to meet Janet Jackson in person, they were inaccessible.


Right? They were all talented. Yeah, they were, you know, they, there was an aura. Literally. I remember the time I met Michael Jordan for the first time and he crept up behind me at the Magic Johnson Midsummer Night classic. And it's just like, he literally had like this little glow around him, this black Jesus glow around him. And, and it's different now. It really is. So you didn't think you could be that. You see what I'm saying? I Don't think there, I don't think there is real celebrity now. Oh, now no. Celebrity has completely been diluted. Yeah, it really is. I I I, I'll disagree and say there's still some people who have it. Yeah. I could say, you know, I could see it. There's some people where they walk in and they have that natural it factor where it's like, yeah, okay. You just, you affect the room. You know what I'm saying? Like, even when Will Smith used to come in or the NBA All-Star games, like when Will was in the room, it was just different.


That's Just, or though, Yeah, that's just Exactly. So, but that's, but that's traditional celebrity, this stuff Now, like I said, it's just, it could feel real temporary and it's like, ah, you ain't got the it factor, but, but you got the light on you. Right. Did the cast like you because you went from just supposed to be Yeah. One episode. Yeah. To taking over the whole thing. So did they like you, there had to be some resentment, a little bit little kid, nerdy kid coming in there taking the Over like said it was, it was, it was weird at first. The kids And I, we worked it out the easiest because they had to hear a lot of things that some of their parents are even saying. And you know, when you're a kid and you're hearing what your parents are saying, you're just gonna follow suit with that. But Darius and Kelly And I, we became, we became like brothers and sisters, you know, it's, that's our puberty.


So I just feel like the division really kind of took place more along the lines of the adults were the adults and the kids were the kids. That was that. Do you think that it was weird during that time, like that you knew, like you were very well aware as a kid that like you were becoming the star of the show, but you had to do so much stuff to kind of like, not act like you knew that. Yeah. Like even in the book you talk about like how the, the introductions were on the show and your agent would always be like, we need to rearrange these introductions 'cause you're the star. The World knows you're the star. And you'd be like, no, let's not bruise. Well, my mom, my mom didn't wanna do that. My mom wanted to keep a lot of things status quo when it came to the call sheet and just pecking order. It just, it would've, it would've just disrupted the balance of the set to another degree.


Why? That we didn't need it. It's, it's almost kind of like, all right, you ever notice like Shaq runs out last, you know what I'm saying? When Shaq and Kobe were their prime, but then towards the end, Kobe starts running out last, and that's around the time when they broke up too. It's just like, there, there's, there's ego, there's little ego things that just can happen on a set that you have to ask yourself, is that the sword I wanna die on? Is it worth it? You would think that at some point in life people would understand that y'all are a team and it doesn't matter who the star of the team is, if the team wins is winning. Yeah. But the magic words you say is you would think Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I would Just say Emini here, after all of these years, we haven't learned that. Even when you use the Shaq and Kobe example, like Yeah.


That's, you know, you can't change the way people are gonna think when they, when they're coming from a place of ego. You know, for me, I just, I, there was a, I did a lot to extend our run because the reality was when the show Was about to get canceled. I know, but they but it a fact. IIII get it, I get it. But I, I'm like, I don't you can say that I don't need to to to, to lean in on that, you know, but you know, whether if it was keeping my hair that cut the same way Emini here, it got to the point where I was sick of my own haircut or staying out of the gym, not working out, you know, that sucked from playing basketball. And finally in my senior year, they made you Change the pants that you Were wearing? Yeah, they made me change the, in the final season. It was like, no more jeans. He doesn't wear any jeans. So I was doing things that was, I thought that Was good. Well, I Go ahead.


I read that. No, he about to get messy. What Your bulge. He about get messy. The I don't care. Like Go ahead Lauren. Don't this talk over you Let Emini here. He wants to talk about your bulge. I wanna be, I want him. You Said pants. They want me come in Pants. I was getting there. I was gonna let him finish his statement. You jumped to the bulge. How did I get go? You jumped on down his pants. Go ahead, finish. I don let Him work it out, But it won. Come to the package. Right. Gi That's crazy. Y'all don't Get to sit here. He wild ball. That's Crazy. He wild ball. He gives it off. He was waiting for that one for the moment he gives it off. So back to the balls. Go ahead. That James bottom line, it just said no jeans in the final season.


Yeah, That Was it. Oh, they didn't tell you why They said no jeans in the final season. They Said the bulge, right? They no, now they did tell you that they said the bul, they did tell You that. They said it was getting a little awkward to see the bulge. That's what the quote said. Jesus, They said no jeans in the final season. Do they Come to your parents and say that? Or did it come directly to you? No, at that point Emini, here, come on, I'm on set and I'm taking, I'm getting notes from producers and you know, that was, How did you see that note? That's a funny ass note to tell somebody That is an uncomfortable note. Sha was like, did hilarious. I feel like you said that in private, like you pull my family to the side and we have a very closed discussion. Like Can we talk about your son's bch? What? Wild beat. So, so things changed on a set 'cause you didn't have a dressing room.


Now you, I'm sure you got the biggest dressing room and, and all that. So how, how was that change Emini Here then? Money? I'm sure money changed. Well, the Thing about money, which was cool is that my mom was, was so petrified the show would get canceled anyway, that she never bought a new car for the first four seasons of the show. Oh wow. You know, my mom was that. I think that's why I'm so passionate about the, the, the protective job that my parents did. They did so much to try to keep me attached to normal life. Right. You know, they didn't get new cars themselves. My mom demanded that I went to public school. I went to public school during the entire time of that church at that time.


Yeah. But they didn't, that's but we didn't have cell phones. We didn't have all, well we had cell phones, but they were big bricks at that time. But we didn't have smartphones to in invade the privacy to that degree and let everybody know what school he goes to, at least on a nationwide level. So, you know, I would pop into school like every two weeks to three weeks. And you know, I, that was something I actually enjoyed doing. Kinda like a magic trick. And you know, because I, I could go in And I, I could take tests, I could raise my hand, I could answer, answer questions from the teacher. And my peers are looking at me like, how do you know this stuff? It's like, I study on set too. How was school? Was it a, did you ever get bullied because people looked at you? Oh yeah. No. That's a whole, you talk about it in the book. It was a whole thing. It was like, I I, the first school I, I was attending at the time, I was the only black kid at the entire school.


Which was awkward too. It was, it was, it was half Asian, it was half white. And now it's since taken over all Asian. When I go back and pass that school and you know, that's all, you know, the usual stuff. Can I touch your hair and you know, not get invited to bar mitzvahs and all that kinda stuff. And then that all changed as soon as I got on the show. Hey, you wanna go to a Laker game with me? And you know, my mom wants your agent number. She's thinking about putting me in the business and now I'm suddenly so popular. So I left that school and then I went to what I like to call, like, you know, the Joe Clark school, the lean on me light. And, and in that, in that case I was just, I stood out a little too much and it also raised my hand too much. And I had a teacher that liked me And I liked Ms. Lasseter too.


And you know, at schools like that, they don't like those kind of relationships. So ran into problems there. And then my mom found the school that was the, the porch that was just warm enough for me in three Bear story analogy. And, and that was South Pasadena High School. And they kinda had a sprinkle everybody, it was Asian, it was Mexican, it was black, it was wonderful. And I had a great principal named Ben Ramirez. Man, he rest in peace who just, you know, kind of went out of his way to make sure that I was always welcome on campus. They didn't like the fact that your teacher was trying to make sure you were okay. What do you mean? Like, you said that the school, you had a, a teacher that in No, no, no. I'm saying at hood schools you, you can't, you know, raising your hand a lot and can ask and having a great relationship with the teacher. Oh, the kids didn't like that.


Oh yeah. Okay. I I was gonna say, why would the school not Like that? Oh, you really a nerd, huh? Yeah, exactly. Bingo. But you asking a question like the last two minutes of class though, You come see again, She hit Some, we had some look, some Delaware. You was a two minute, like two Left. No, you're not gonna play me like that. I wasn't asking the teacher to collect the homework. Okay. I wasn't that Reminding though. We had tests. I wasn't reminding if we had tests. But bottom line is we had a good relationship and she was teaching stuff I'd already learned at the other school. So they were hella behind the other school. So I was just like, yo, this is an easy act. Oh, so so you was in there showing off slam dunk. Come on, I'm seventh. Come on. I'm in the eighth grade. You know what I'm saying? Grade to do that. It's a it's a awkward. Exactly. Exactly. But did you wish you got that treatment?


I remember, do you remember the first time we met or no? You don't remember? I don't rem That's what you have to remind me. K Nick's camp k Nick's camp. Now Nick's camp. I remember so much about it though. Madison Square Garden and k Nicks camp. He was in Nick camp And I was surprised 'cause how old? Yeah, I don't remember. We were young. Young. Yeah. But I was surprised because I'm like, at the time he's Steve Kel. He's one of the biggest, I'm like, his parents put him here. So why would he remember you? I'm gonna tell you. Well, nah, I don't know Emini here. I Told you State lock, Anybody could get it. Not for nothing. I would say him. I had the glasses, the braces. We was on the same team. Oh, So you, you identify. No, you weren't him. This is ju white. I know, but I had, you were actually a, he was not. I Love seeing this dynamic because no one should ever take this personal lift. They got, Shouldn't say Just say I was you.


No, you he never had the glasses, the braces. I was Millennium. Lemme help you out. Any black man who didn't even look like me is if he wore glasses, he was called Steve. That's true. Oh, envy. You got crossed. They Call me metal mouth and a whole bunch of things. But Emini here, I'm not going to that trouble. But the reason I say that is during basketball camp you got into a fight. Did I, who'd I scrap with? I don Some Spanish dude. Right. And I remember I was like, damn, is this happening all the time when you come to the hood because people think that you're better than them. So I was wondering if that always happens. Well, when, when you hooping, like people try you, you know what I'm saying? So it's like I, I took basketball seriously. So in between those lines, that's why I'm like, I don't even remember I was there to play ball. How many Fights did you get into if you don't remember On a basketball court?


I didn't. I never, I didn't have a history of getting into a bunch of fights. But I'm just saying like, you know, on a basketball court, people gonna try you Emini here. Do you remember every frackish you got into on a basketball court Fight? I kind of do. Yeah. Oh wow. I kind of, kind of see lost though. What You mean he lost? I lost a lot of 'em, but, well, I don't remember him. That means I probably did pretty good in whatever we was dealing. So what did you and all the other Spanish kids do when y'all saw Jelle beating up black? Like nobody. I'm black, so I'm, can we Get a therapist? Maybe had To pick a side. Can we some, Can we get a media? He started seeing, he said either I'm going with er or I'm going with my people. So which way Was you? Where was you? I was riding with Erco. Okay. Nerves stick together. Right. Alright. You know another thing you talk, But you didn't tell me how I played though. Nah, you was, you was good. You was surprisingly good because everybody thought that far, Surprisingly, because Everybody thought the nerve was gonna come out.


But you was good. We could tell that you played ball, but I remember you scrapping. Yeah. What, what Point guard what position you play a point guard. Okay. So, 'cause even in your book you talk about having your dressing room kind of like set up like a B Locker room. Yeah. My dressing, my dressing room was cool. A dressing room. You really wanted to go to the NBA. Like that was like really? I think it Was about going to the NBAI was a huge Emini here. Listen, if you grew up in the nineties, the NBA just was, this was different man. It it landed on your life, man. It was, it was everything. Got you. So I, you know, I, once I started gaining some influence, you know, you could do certain things in the set decorator for our show transformed the second room in my dressing room into an actual NBA locker room. Mm. So I had all the different lockers. That's dope. And you know, that's where I would change and get ready for the show.


Wow. You know, did you get paid? Is that you, did you make money? Money back then? Yeah. No. You, you made very good money back then. Okay. Okay. Okay. But the numbers back then, just they don't compare to numbers now. Yeah. Yeah. Inflation. It's one of my favorite things I actually have is, is, is my first time I ever sat on the court, I kept the ticket stub and, And I kept 'em with magic shoes when he gave 'em to me after the game. And every now and then, I'll just, I'll still look at those tickets, ticket stub. Guess how much in 1991, the face value of a Laker game on the court was, versus San Antonio Spurs Three 50, probably maybe close to a thousand, maybe 700, 800. This man knows basketball. 4 25. 4 25. Remember back then, That's crazy.


Right? For four feet. Yeah. For a four. So that, so when you put that in perspective, 19 91, 420 $5 face value on the ticket to sit on the court and you see what inflation is now. Yeah. Yeah. It really is. Like, I, I, I remember that teaching me about inflation was like, whoa, something's happening here. Because there's two inflations. There's the one they talk about to the country and the one they talk about, there's going on with the people that's making all the money. I, I love how you describe throughout the book, you, you describe yourself as a dedicated people pleaser. Yeah. You said it was your mom who, who made you that way? Yeah. Can you expound on that a little bit? It can, you know, it can be good and bad to be a people pleaser because you gotta learn how to say, you gotta learn how to set boundaries.


But then you gotta also learn how to say yes enough to catch blessings that are coming outta nowhere. Mm. But for me it's always been about the audience experience that jacked me up. You know, we taped in front of a live studio audience every Friday. And man, I look forward to that audience. Mm. Like you wouldn't believe. And they just become your toy after a while. So, you know, my mom would call me after a table reading, you know, every Tuesday. And it's like, what do you think of the script this week? And I was like, eh, it's okay. You know? And then there would be certain weeks like the Bruce Lee week where I'm like, oh no, get your tickets now. 'cause sometimes she would've to play games to get a certain number of seats in this. Especially with another opposite of another executive producer's wife who would hog a lot of seats.


And I'm like, no, no, no, go ahead and get your, get your tickets for this one. I'm gonna melt this one down. So it was just always about just, you know, it, everything celebrity came from a different place then it was about being excellent. It was about being on point. You know, we would shoot our show and we'd be done with a whole episode in like, just over two hours. And I was so proud of that because everybody else on the lot, especially if they had kids on their show, it would take, you know, shows would take three and four hours and people wouldn't even be able to see the end of the show at times. But we were now two hours flat and we were done. So I still proud of that, that kind Of stuff. What about Jil when he's not, you know, performing? Are you still dealing with being a people pleaser? Nah, not, not as much.


You know, when you have a, when you have a daughter, at least when you have a kid and you enter the family dynamic, a lot of your values just change. They, they, they shift overnight. At least they did for me. What was The biggest thing that shifted for you overnight? Daughter? Oh man. I got a funny story on that one though actually. I remember when, you know, when single parents don't date, like single parents prospect, they don't, they don't date. It's different. And I remember my boy was, he told me to come out and meet him at the club. You know, he had a, he had a group. At this point I'm a single dad And I, And I hop into my car and at the time I drove Aston Martin repeat, which is at a, a, a four door. And so I pull up at the end, he comes walking over with three girls and it's like, yo, what we doing?


This is before Uber, all right, this is before Uber. What we doing, where we headed. And then one of the girls just reached for the back door and the baby seat was in the back. And the way them girls just jumped back really? And all this, it just threw off the whole chemistry of the, of for the rest of the night. And it was just like, ah, okay, what matters more As a dad I knew, I'm like, I'm not taking that baby seat out. It's a pain in the butt putting them damn baby seat seat. And any dad who has a baby seat knows that. That's right. So it was like, well that's just the way it's gonna be. But that was a moment where I had to accept where I was just kind like, she really comes first in every aspect of my life now. And like it or not, even in times when I want to be grown and sexy is gonna affect it.


So, you know what I wondered too? Did the cast members on Family Matters? Were they, was it a level of hate and jealousy and envious? Envious? Envious. Envious are envious. Just say envious. I'm sorry. Yeah, it was envy. You know what, Emini Here. R it's your chance to get him. Did you jump on him now? R in hindsight, were you really difficult to work With? No, absolutely not. Okay. You know, I, because Reverend Novell Johnson said that. Okay. But, okay, so let me make it easy for you then. How come, how come you never heard that from the kids? Kelly speaks Darius is everywhere. Dar is everywhere. How come You never heard ever for kids? Yeah. You know, it's, it's, you know, when you, when you, when you leave a show, first of all, the difference between movie stardom, a TV stardom is when you're a movie star, you still a star.


Even if you don't have a movie out when you're a TV star, unless you're on tv, you're not a star anymore. And that's just the way the business treats you. So I think people go through a lot of personal trauma sometimes after a show has gone off the air, divorces, investments maybe didn't go right, et cetera, et cetera. And it causes people to look back on things with, you know, kind of a jaded look. And it was like, man, we had fun. We did even the pictures I I, I picked out for the book, you know, I wanted to show pictures of us chilling. You know, I wanted to show me Reggie and, and, and, and, and Darius, you know, chilling in Paris when we shot two episodes in Paris, we're the only black show to ever shoot in Europe. That was a big deal. You know, we had this, I'll never forget we had this giant $12,000 meal at the top of the Eiffel Tower as a, who paid as a cast.


Okay. Oh, I'm glad you asked. My mom took that bill and handed it to production 'cause she had the clout to do that. But Joe Re's there, Reggie's there. Well, we was bawling at the top. But again, you bling. So, you know, it's almost kind of like when you hear Scotty Pipman talking about the Bulls now it's like, Scotty, you can't say nothing nice about the Bulls. Have you, nigga you was rock stars dog. You was a, you and Mike didn't kick it at all. Right? Are you sure that's how you Remember it? Have you recently talked to any of the cats? Because I know Joe Marie Peyton, like she had come out and said that you guys had a little, whatever that situation was, It's why y wanted to fight each Other. Yeah. Like, can you Jesus, first of all, clarify that story because that's just a wild No. That's just, there's nothing to clarify. Like, hey, I, you, I'm talking about a coworker of over 30 years ago And I was a minor.


You don't think if there was any validity of that, that wouldn't have come out sooner? I'm like, how so? No, a hundred percent nothing happened. Emini here, Emini here. Where Did it even come from? Emini here percent. No. Like, but I'm not, I'm not getting it back and forth. I'm sorry. I'm just doing too good to, I get what you're saying. Getting back and forth, you know, with a woman who's over 70 and I've been kind of like mentally ingrained to not fight with my elders. Like, all right, if that's the way you saw it, cool. It is what it is. Well, she recently said though, on the stage, I think I forget where they were at, but the, the cast was there and you weren't there. And, and she said that like, you know, she wished that you were there and if you were there she would hug you. And she kind of, you know, that whole thing. So have y'all talked or is there, why does, Why does what she have to say hold so much more validity than what my other cast members have to say? I'm just curious.


I think, oh, I think that the age thing does play a factor. 70-year-old Black women. Yeah. What you said, you know what Emini here, I think that definitely plays a factor as well. But I think she's one of the first people that alleged like the bad stuff to, that I saw come out and be like, man, we should just hug it out. I wanted, And I, it made me wonder like, have y'all talked? Like what changed? So the people that I talk to regularly is Kelly and Darius. And again, I don't call them Laura Netty. So I, you know, I, I called Kelly about this book, you know, and we spoke extensively and you know, Kelly called me two weeks ago. But it's weird for us by the way, also when we go out and eat or anything like that, you know, we like little back rooms and stuff. Like I would freak out, I saw Y'all sitting down together, people saw, if people saw me and Kelly just, oh my god, at Crustaceans in Beverly Hills or whatever, it tends to turn into a big, Hey, can I get a selfie fest?


Right? So, you know, like, damn, Marco won. You really gotta, You Gotta, so, you know, we, we, we keep it private, but I have a very good relationship with all the cast members who've ever wanted a relationship with me beyond the show. And I don't have anything negative to say about Reggie. When people ask me who was your favorite scene partner? I'm like, the chemistry I had with Reginald Vel Johnson. I remember the episode where it clicked for us, it's called Box Car Blues, where we were stuck in a train together with all these cows. And Stevie was just getting on his nerves and you know, Reggie just couldn't look at me without breaking up, without, you know, without breaking character. And we just, we developed this amazing chemistry.


But adults are adults and they're going through adult things too. And also I'm a kid, so you know what, I'll tell you one way, maybe I could have been annoying. I dribble my basketball everywhere, everywhere. If I was in school. Gillette, we need you on set. Boom, boom, boom. Basketball, basketball, basketball. Well, adults get annoyed when a kid is just dribbling and bouncing the ball all over the place. Is that difficult? How old you, you talking about? 13, 14 years old. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. I, I would feel like adults would have a little bit more grace. I'm, I'm approaching it from a very self, especially if they got kids Right. Self aware, you know, standpoint. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, yeah, no, that's, And I remember Joyce Webb, one of our script supervisor be like, oh, here he comes with the basketball. Of course. It's like, okay, you know, I'm like, but if that's, if that translates 25 years later to being difficult, I'll take it.


I Wanna talk about your First kiss. Let's talk about your first kiss. Because Days And I Water everybody will be getting arrested. And nowadays, if that was so no it wouldn't. 'cause he was a guy. Oh, they only, they don't do that to Guy. Exactly. So, so break down your first kiss. Exactly. 13 Years old on set. He's a, he's ahead of me on this one. No, we had a, we had a scene man where, you know, Steve Eddie get hot at the dice table and they're rolling the dice and this woman, you know, is, is, is is supposed to gimme a kiss, just plant one on me before my last dice roll. And during rehearsals all week, she had just pretty much given me a peck. It was just a peck. Yeah, because you, you just go through the motions. But with that hot live studio audience there, man, she just, yo she gave me the whole shebang.


And so when I pulled back and this was your first time kissing you look? Yeah, I had never kissed a girl before. Everybody Said, how did you know what to Do? No, I didn't. I wasn't, first of all, I wasn't even planning for that. I know you're supposed to put your lips together, but I didn't know that anything else was really supposed to happen to that Exactly. Wasn't, I wasn't seasoned. Got you. I was. And so she does it. And my whole, my thinking at the time was do not break character. Do not ruin a good take. You know, that's what you just kind of taught as a, as a comedic actor and, and as a kid. And so when I went to my dressing room, I just kind of involuntarily tears start coming down my face. 'cause I was just like, that was weird. And then my dad corners me and he is like, what's wrong? Executive producer comes back like, what's wrong? And I was just like, you know, like she put her tongue in my mouth like out of I've, I surprised your mother didn't one put Ass.


And so my was, you know, it's so funny everybody says that, but it was like my father was present and was dealing with the issue. So there was no reason to inject. And once it was revealed, what happened? They all started laughing. Let's start the men two movement. My dad, let's start the men two movement. My dad's one is her name. My dad's like, no, do not find this woman. Do not troll this woman at all. No, I'm serious. Because it's like, that's one of the things that I'm very protective of is, you know, we have to embrace what double standards were leave them in the past. But it's okay. Like I can laugh at it. I'm saying like, from the time that it happened to my dad and the executive producer coming in to me, walking back out on stage to do now the next scenes, even the high, the crew high five, she put it on you, young fella, you hung in there, you did your thing.


And it was like, it was very clear to me all the signals that I was getting was that might've been yucky the way it went down. But apparently I'm going to get a lot more of that. So my machismo says, yeah, okay. All right, go with the flow. Well what about the trauma you went through? Because it was immediately after that scene they told you that you can't wear pants anymore. Oh, you know what? See, I see, I see how you doing. I see how you'll be here all week. Tip your waitresses on the way. And gentlemen, You know what else I want to know? Was black Hollywood, more of a community back then? Could you tell a story in the book about, you know, connecting with Malcolm Jamal wanted Yeah. Him putting you in the abstinence commercial. Yeah. And you know, your mom being your mom being a fan of Malcolm.


Yeah. So I don't know if he was The extent, the extent to which black Hollywood was putting each other on, I won't say was more of a community. There are specific people who put a lot of people on, like Ice Cube put a lot of people on. Absolutely. Like that dude, just like John Singleton put a lot of people on, like he identified talent. That's really the dream I kind of had for myself because I picked that up back then of being able to recognize other talent and be like, oh you got it, you got it. And that, that's a pay it forward joy that's separate and apart from, from actually being the focus. But, but back then, because there was just a lack of, you know, cell phone communication and, and social media wasn't what it was.


The connections were made more organically. You know, you, you wrote a number down, you gave it to somebody, you know. And yeah, so I, I will say that I, I will say it, it was just, I don't know, it was different. I help me out on this because I feel like we connected on this one. So Was it there, Was it a real community or It definitely was, but I'm saying to the extent that I could count on somebody having the power to give me a job. No. Mm. Got you. Got you, Got you, got you. No, not, not that at all. But to the extent of walking in the room and seeing Ena Arnold and, and and Tisha Campbell and they like jal. Yeah. It was like, okay, yes, yes, absolutely. You know, and, and there was also a sense of like,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


You know, AT&T believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like SCO tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Like being a part of an exclusive club. You know what I'm saying? It was like you didn't walk into a room and see another black TV star and just sit at your table and just be like, oh he is over there. Right? You typically were gonna get up and you were gonna, you know, you were gonna greet each other, dress each other and probably exchange information. Was that Because there wasn't a lot of people Like it was just like you guys were the cream in a crop? It wasn't A lot, it wasn't even like there was, you know, what we're missing now is everything is niche program. So very few people are always ta are talking about the same thing at the same time. Anymore. Anymore. Like today all anybody's talking about from a cultural standpoint is Mike Tyson's ass cheeks because we all saw that at the same time. So you know, it's all them. Exactly. So it was like even the Stefan moment. Yeah. Where it was just like a lot of black families saw that at the same time when it aired.


So they calling each other on each other for girl, you gotta see him in this white suit. So they, it's a, it is a different connection back there man. And I'm like, yeah, it was special. Do you get tired of the Steve Kel character? 'cause I'm sure people have to come up to you all the time and be like, say the line. Well in the book you say nothing makes you happy. And then when somebody recognized you as Jale, well That makes me happy. Be, you know, when that happens and, And I kind of got saved by millennials, you know, the Gole has helped me. It really has. I I I can hear tone And I, I try to talk about that in the book. So, you know, if, if a southern grandmother comes up to me and, and she's, you know, referencing the character, that doesn't bother me as much as compared to some guys in a bar who, you know, they having a sausage fest in the corner and we doing well over here and they wanna bring light to that and say, okay, I see what you're doing now.


That's, those are two completely different things in terms of being tired of the character. Right? You said we doing well over here. Basically we got all the ladies over here. Okay. Every single lady in the club is with us. Alright. You know what I'm saying? So that, that, that there, that that part is obvious what the dichotomy is there. Right. But people come up to me for a variety of different reasons, man, like your man outside, he was just like, yo, I know about the Kel stuff but I'm here for Sonic. He's a, I did the voice of Sonic the Hedgehog for a hundred episodes and that lands hugely with a lot of people. I did two episodes of Psych that people just love those two episodes of psych. So for me it's a conveyor belt of people acknowledging me for different things.


And as you get older, like I said, with my focus being on my daughter, I'm a game show host now I'm just like, look, as long as you pleasant and you chill and you respectful of my family and my environment, I just love being known for a good reason. Because in this day and age you could be known for a real sucker reason. That's right. That's right. That's right. Any day. Like it is wild. The sucker reason you could be known for, You know, it's interesting what you said even about being a, a black people all can can coming down on one moment because I think about that even with you as a star, right? Like you have to be a certain caliber of star for us to know your real name. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, like for you, for you to play Urkel so well that we know who Jil White is. That says a lot. I Appreciate it. You know what's crazy though, for a long time or maybe 'cause I was so young, I didn't know that Jilil White was your real name.


I thought that that was another person outside you had I did, but like I was so young. I just, I dunno, I was confused girl credit tv, I thought it was credit and then I, I knew to stefon then when I started hearing Jil White, I'm like, oh, maybe this is another persona that he's taking on. And then I got old enough to really understand like characters and like it not being really you and like all that. And I was like, oh, okay. That's, that was just like a me moment. Yeah. But I'm just glad the light went on. Thank you. But speaking of right, you Got that internet fixed. You Kidding? My AOL dial up. That was back in them days. Okay. That was, that Was Netflix. This, that was Netflix this weekend. Speaking Of though, I, I know in the book you talk about the meeting that you had with the exec about the, the remake or the spinoff, the reboot, the rebo, the reboot, your version that you wanted to happen.


Yeah. In my opinion was way better. I don't know if you wanna say it, you want people to read the book but ah, thank was way better than what they had pitched to you. Thank You. Will we are Emini here. I guess we have to talk about it 'cause I wanna know like, will we ever get that and can you, could you do that on your own? Listen, first of all, you can't do it on your own. You know, that's the thing about television that people have to respect. It's, you know, it's the, it's the only art form I feel that still has gatekeeping still very much in place. And you can either be bitter about it or you can fight the good fight and look for the person that's gonna be your champion. That's just, it is what it is. I was never offered a reboot. I always wanna make that very clear. And even my vision for the show that I have, it's not about me, it's about three dimensional characters that would actually resonate and translate in 2024.


Because I worked for the producers who coined the phrase Jump the shark. Fonzi jumped the shark, you jumped over a shark, right? Those are my producers, the exact same producers. So you're not going to invite me to jump the shark again? I was offered a blind contract and half my pay of what I got for the last episode. And there was no consideration Emini here. I, there was no consideration given to the adults that actually, you know, have such a large opinion over what terms they would return to. I'm like, the way they were being discussed was, well, you know, Harod and Carl will come by and they'll visit the new family every now and then.


It like, Hollywood doesn't really, they engage talent when they need talent. They pay talent when they need talent. And, and this isn't even a black thing. I don't want this to turn into a, a black thing. I'll hear guys like Chris Pine or whatever, who's, you know, he's like, I don't know what they're gonna do next with Star Trek. Like, I love playing the character, but when they call me, they call me. So I'd love the opportunity to make the show that, that I envisioned, that was never turned down. It was never pitched. I was just offered a blind contract and around that they were going to develop the reboot. There were two versions though. Correct me if I'm wrong, right, because you said one of them you wanted to do like, what's the Netflix show with the kid?


The little kid that we follow? He's super smart. Hmm. Young Sheldon. Yes. Young Sheldon. Oh yeah, yeah. There was one version that was kind of gonna be like the young Sheldon from like a, a different perspective. And then there was another version where it would be you. And now you're an adult and you are in a relationship, but then Myra is still around at that point or something. Wasn't there two versions? No, I, I'll simplify it. You know, I really feel like it could be like a young rock to be quite honest. The only difference is, you know, imagine if the Young Rock, it started off famous and, and then gets into reality. You know, I you still wanna keep it light. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I just, I just, if you do a half hour comedy, where are the stories gonna come from? You know what you, they literally just used to make it up back in the day, you know, and, and, and they would take stories too from old sitcoms and happy days, whatever, and they dust them off and they just, you know, update them a little bit.


You can't do that in 2024. You're gonna watch for one episode and you're gonna turn that off. I asked a reporter recently, I said, well, in the traditional reboot that everybody thinks that they want, whereas Steve and and Laura get married and have a kid that's just like, Urkel, would you watch that? And he said, yeah, for about four minutes. I said, okay, thank you for being honest with me. If I do anything, I am an advocate of kids. I, I, I see exactly how young performers get derailed. I want to push the agenda. I want to push the, the, the legend for a kid to come play a future version of me, whatever that turns out to be that kid's gotta be able to get invited to the Golden Globes, that kid's gotta be able to get invited to the Emmys.


And he can't look back as me looking back at me and I'm a stain on his career. You know what I'm saying? It was like, I'm, I, I, I will point this out, but I won't say names 'cause I don't want them even make them feel bad. But like the kids on Fuller House, they don't work Fuller house, the reboot, they don't work. The adults that put them in that role, they knew they wouldn't work in prestige television, in prestige film because now casting directors will say, oh, oh, those are the kids from Fuller House. We want somebody a fresh face, et cetera, et cetera. And I promise you, as parents and as kids, they didn't go into that project thinking that that was gonna be a blight on their career. As soon as the show was over, they didn't go into that.


I wanna make sure anybody that I work with know, they go in with open eyes. This is what we stand to achieve. And it was so awesome watching Will Smith give it up to Quincy Jones after all these years when Quincy passed, because Quincy touched his life in a positive way with the Fresh Prince. He never had to look back on the Fresh Prince, like it was this show he needed to get away from. Right. So, I don't know, that's my take on on on what my, how I feel about reboots and opportunities. Well, lemme ask You, UR was, I was gonna ask, was that a stain on your career where you had to lose Urkel because people always looked at you when you went their roles? Again, I don't look at it as a, I've never stopped working. It's a tough business just to work in, you know?


Is it easier for some with better reps in different imaging? Yeah. When I think of Harry Potter or Al Bundy, I think about those guys in those characters, but they had better reps in different images and it hasn't slowed them down at all. As far as the TGIF people are concerned. I like where I've landed, you know, I've, I've never stopped working. Have I, have I always gotten the dream job that I wanted? No, but I talk about it in a book, a couple jobs, one in particular that I wanted that went on to become the worst film that year. It's like, whoa, be careful what you want. So I, I just, I don't know. It, it, it, like I said, when my daughter got here, man, a lot of stuff just crystallized for me that it was like, yo, let's go out here.


Let's be a working dad. And it's a beautiful thing to come home with a check to take care of your kid and you're doing it in a way where you don't have to give up your damn dignity. That's right. It's That simple. You mentioned though, will Smith, will Smith, you said, was the first influential black person to hire you to do something outside of Family Matters. Yeah. What, what, what, break that down. How did y'all have a relationship? What, what you See? Well, I had seen Will, you know, I would always cross paths with him, with NBA stuff and you know, will would invite me to the office, everything. When he was on, he had his offices on third Street, I saw Will coming a mile away just like I could identify, you know, just like I talked about I cube identifying talent and stuff like that. And I, I will actually just shared a story as a matter of fact that I'm like, oh, I never would've shared that.


Not to violate your privacy, but I remember Charlie Mack having me over to his dressing room when he was shooting 94. And I was just a curious dude, I love reading scripts, I love just devouring film. And I was in his dressing room and he had a script on the table And I asked to go, I was checking it out and he said, oh, that's just another sci-fi movie and I'm, I'm not gonna do another sci-fi movie after this one. And I went to visit him again after that and like a couple weeks later and, and when I got to the set, he wasn't there. And Charlie was like, I'm sorry, yeah, will was supposed to be here, but you know, Steven Spielberg sent a helicopter for him. And I'm like, oh, okay, well that's a good reason for him to not be here to receive me. Right. And then months and months later after that Will was coming out with Men in Black and then it clicked.


That was the script That, that you right. For, For Men in Black. But he said he wasn't doing another sci-fi movie. So I guess that helicopter ride must have changed some opinions. Heck yeah. So I just had this really cool relationship with Will. He was always open doors back then to me. And when he called me on the set, he called me to be on Fresh Prince Bel Air. It just meant a lot to me because he, he made it his personal business to put me on the show. That's dope. I got two more questions. One, when did Family Matters jump to Shark? Oh man, we probably jumped the shark somewhere around the sixth or seventh season. Would you remember what episode It was? No, I don't remember the episode. It ha it, it just, it happens gradually, you know, you start going, you just start going into Porta Potty and coming out. It's too many characters.


You know, before you know it, I was Elvis, I was, you know, we, we sending poll families to Paris and come back by standing on a teleportation device, I think When you moved in with them. I never moved in with them. You never moved in with em? I never moved in with the Winslow. Oh, I thought you moved. I thought your parents, You ain't gotta lie to kick it. I never moved in with them. I I thought your parents went away and Nah, I never moved in with them though. Oh, I never did. It was about, like I said, it was probably around about about the sixth season, just to be honest. So where Was you living when your parents Moved? Country. I was always the country door neighbor. I was always, they never, that was the thing again, back, they, they never showed Steve's parents. They always kept Steve's parents this big mystery. But they Referenced it though. They said your parents moved to Russia or something like that. Yeah, They never, they would always reference my parents. My parents were treated the same way.


Do you remember you ever follow Cheers? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Remember Norm's wife Vera? They, they, they, they never showed Vera. So he, they would always talk about his wife at home and that was the way you treated it back then. They never talked, they never showed the Gooch on on different strokes. They always talked about the groups. Right. So they treated Family Matters. The character, my, my my parents the exact same way. You couldn't do that in this day and age. This day and age wouldn't take that kind of just constant referencing mystique. They'd be like, no, no, no. Bring in the parents and make sense of this. They Gonna be all on your Instagram and this thing. And I really thought you moved in with the win. No. That's Crazy. No. Now You never there I was watching the interview. You did? And you said you never got invited to none of the Hollywood parties.


Nah, nah, Emini here I did. I went to a lot of nice parties, but none of, none of the, like the stuff that started gaining a lot of steam on, on on social media like, you know, the Rock Nation brunch or, or obviously you, I know you're talking about my man, you know, you the Diddy parties or whatever, like, nah, nothing organically. Nah. Did you laugh? I say Reginald Johnson used to get invited. Stop. You gotta calm down. You gotta, you gotta call Low and Diddy Rumors, you gotta calm him down. Yeah. You, you just, you Ever seen him around Seven? We just, we gonna slow it down for a second. You know what I'm saying? Because sometimes you can just be driving too fast. That's true. So you're not paying attention to the to, to the That's true. You know? That's true. Talking too fast to the speed limits. To the speed. Exactly. We in a 35 zone right now.


What Happened to Judy, man, how Judy just walked upstairs And I be Not talking about It in the book. I know, I know, but I know you don't wanna give nothing to the listeners right Now. Emini here. Listen, how do you think I covered it in the book? Was I fair? Yeah. Even Yeah. Was I fair? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because because you what you Emini here, but you, But you laughing about I'm pulling it outta you then. No, I pulling outta you. I, i, I I guess 'cause she didn't really have a role. So it's like you got, I get, you know what Emini here, I get what you're trying to say. I didn't get to that part in the book, but I'm inferring, I'm reading between the lines are, was it that they didn't think she was good to stay on the show?


She didn't have a role really. Like she, that fam that part of the family didn't matter. Jesus. Oh my God. So in the book, how do you pick It up? Look, I'm, I'm, I'm only a couple chapters in, but not to give it all away, but just some of it. How do you cover, when you asked were you fair? Was did someone tell you you weren't fair and covering it? He wasn't wrong. Thank You. I just, like I said, I said he Wasn't wrong. Fair. Kind of threw me out. He wasn't wrong. Okay. That's what I said. All right. You know, there were a multitude of factors that went into her departure from the show that I blame all on her mother. But there were, but as a performer, they weren't giving her storylines and she wasn't the best at delivering a joke.


Got. And so, you know, sometimes they would give her material and it would just fall flat. And if you fall flat and run throughs, they gonna rewrite you and you know, we're kids back then, so, you know, kids, that's the thing. You can't roast each other nowadays, at least not in public. But trust me, kids are still roasting each other. That's never going to go away. Right. So, you know, we'd be sitting in the background and like, and she blows the layup, you know, it was like, And she, you know, and it is just like, you know, you can only mess up so much before and be arrogant about it in the fur coat in a Mercedes too before somebody says enough of this. And don't forget, my producers, you know, this is a story that precedes my show. They famously fired a woman named Valerie Harper.


We had a show called Valerie and the show became the Hogan family. And Tom Miller, may he rest in peace, walked onto the set and said, you are done. And in one file, swoop changed the name of the show from Valerie to the Hogan family and put the focus on Jason Bateman and people forget those kinds of history. So, so why they didn't just Aunt Viv, Judy then, so why they didn't just bring in somebody else because they didn't, they didn't feel like they needed the character. Like they, we didn't have social media, so they were like, she's already only in one scene. You know, there we, we've written her down as much as we possibly can. It reaches a point where the corporation does the corporation thing. It was like, well how much are we paying? Right? Okay, well just save the money.


And you don't have to answer to social media either. And the thing that I do, like where I like to address it with sensitivity is, you know, And I talk about that. I say, look, the first miracle we have in our lives is who you born to. You know, some people were born on third base, you know, and in this situation I really felt like, you know, Jamie was born to a mother who put herself before her daughter and she had ideas of grandeur that weren't necessarily very realistic. And it sucks for Jamie that she has to wear that scarlet letter for the rest of her life. Wow. And, And I hope that Jamie finds peace outside of show business to be quite honest. You know, this show business can start to make you think that this is the only way to make money. This is the only way to live. Like if it didn't, I talk about that with Jonathan Brandis because I, he passed away and he took his life And I just, I was very close to him at that particular time And I saw signs of someone that was really putting too much emphasis on what this business meant to his existence on earth.


I got one last question. I know you gotta go. You were heavy. Do I have to go Emini here? I'm being kicked out. Yeah, they said 10 o'clock. Yeah, they said 10 o'clock now. Now did you jump into cannabis early? Oh man, I'm, listen, cannabis is just something I'm really passionate about because it landed on me. That's my Plymouth rock. It just landed on me. You know, the, I've been trying to get at the cannabis game for probably like about, shoot eight or nine years now to be quite honest. And it's just, it's been very challenging to meet the right people that are placed where they need to be placed. They care about quality, they care about diversity because they're, they're gonna change these laws and play with this, these laws in such a way that the big guys are gonna come in and they're gonna scoop it all up.


And just the way they just played us with Bitcoin, it's gonna go down all the same way. So I'm lucky to have met some really cool cats. We're not nationwide, but, but my guy, the Wolf group, they got, we we gonna have some fun. Did You got a dispensary or Aran or? No, it's a, they named a, the streets back in 2003 named a strain after my, after my old character. I don't even know if it was after my old character or maybe somebody would just inspired. They were watching an episode of Family Matters. So they called a strain purple Oracle. I've been name checked everywhere. Rap songs, TV shows. I've been named that Purple Oracle has been name checked everywhere. And people think that I made money off of it. So my brand name is, it's purple. I always like to let people know. And, and that actually came from a joke where it was like when people see me, they think they're being discreet sometimes where they go, oh, it's Urkel.


And I always just wanted to have something to say back like, no, it's purple. Oh, so that's what, that's Fine. I see what You did. Yeah. So that's what it's so that's what, it's purple the brand even stands for. But we are the house of purple Oracle. We make the best damn purple oracle that anybody makes out there. Did you bring something with you? I, God, what'd I tell you what? I gonna put Bring the drugs next time? Bring the drugs. Bring the drugs. What Emini Here. I left it at the damn hotel. But I'm telling you, I will find you dog. I'm here for the wheel Person. I don't have time for one more. Yeah, Jump in. Myra, Michelle Thomas. Yes. Every time. You Be careful now. That's my Girl. I know. I was gonna say, every time you talk about her it's very emotional for you and it like I feel that that's your girl, right? Yeah. Or was I wanna know off, off camera when you guys developed your relationship that we then saw on camera 'cause it was so believable.


What was that off camera relationship like and like building that for the characters on camera? Like how did you guys, 'cause you were so young. Yeah. Nah, just, you know, Michelle started off playing Malcolm Jamal Warner's girlfriend on the, on the Cosby Show. And so she was always older than me. So even though she was so small and bubbly and you know, big, but she was, she, I looked at her like a little sister. I'm like a big sister. Yeah. And we just had this amazing chemistry. My mama loved her too. So that always that that made things easy. And she just made it her business to always wanna, always wanna hook me up with somebody. And she introduced me to Martha's Vineyard and, and, and you know, spending summers there and we just had an amazing chemistry.


She was just, and she was just down like everybody knew Michelle. Everybody knew Michelle in the music business. Everybody music just everywhere we went, people loved Michelle. Yeah. And unfortunately she passed away to stomach cancer and that was just a very emotional time because we just knew what she was going through as an actress. Yeah. And that's why I always like to remind people too, you know, they always try to apply this type casting narrative to me. I said, man, listen, this is a tough business. If you really want me to make you a list of people who are, you know, trying to get to their next opportunity, I can. And you'll see it doesn't have as much to do with type casting as you think. So during the time when she went out, I just, I wish that there had been some better opportunities for her, you know what I'm saying? Like car weathers just passed away and you know, Mandalorian was a nice thing for him man to have on the way out.


So you Want people to buy the book growing up, up Urkel, but you know, it is, it is interesting to see how much of the love y'all created off camera. Yeah. You know? Yeah, no, it was, it was real love man. Like, you know, I, I get it. Yes. It was bumpy in the beginning, especially with the adults and, and and the parents of some of the kids. But that's my puberty, you know, Darius is out here wilding at times. You know, he And I, we slide each other's dms. We, but that's my brother Emini here. We've all had, you know, brothers or whatever, frat brothers or or college friends that, you know, bugging out or whatnot. But you don't abandon that cat. You still taking his call and y'all just laugh it off. And that's what my relationship is with, with Kelly and Darius. It's very brotherly and sisterly and you know, I'll always defend our entire cast actually for the work that we did.


That's what it is. Well, Jile white ladies and gentlemen growing up, it's a pleasure. My brother is out right now. Makes you pick it up and thank you for joining us. Thank you. It's been a long time. You supposed to come here like years ago, but, And I would run into y'all to airports and stuff. I saw You on the plane. You know, I always give credit to a brother though who'll see me at, you know, who's famous and he'll see me at the airport and be like, okay, how you gonna act? And he was cool. Is the famous person in this situation between You and him? Well, you know, I've had other people. I'd be Howard Stern, I've, you know, I remember Howard Stern was sitting in coach behind me flying to New York. I was flying New York to do his show. And, and then I got up And I actually took him some dessert and on the flight and he's like, oh yeah, I can't believe you came back here. And, and then when I did the show he was like, okay, I knew you were a cool dude 'cause you came back to say what's up to me and, and coach what the hell?


And I was like, yeah man, coach, I was outing coach's. He might've just need to get to New York. Exactly. And that's so that'll happen to famous folks too. It's like, yo, sometimes you get stuck. I figured how it make so much money you Gotta get home. Nah, nah, this is before. This is like before, before. This is before private Parts. Yeah. Sometimes you just gotta get home. Yeah. Oh, this was before Private park? Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. So he had Luke but he didn't have the bag. You better get your ass back to work. That's right. He helicopter I think for building a building now. Well ladies and gentlemen, it's Jalal White up Breakfast Club out now. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


January 2nd on a, b, c, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Telan and Clia shearer as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premiers January 2nd at eight seven Central on a, b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social game play like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the jumbo life at Chumba Casino dot com. Pgw Group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions.