
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan, the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco Koska, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


How crispy are the new deli? Me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mmm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in The building. Yes indeed. We have Pastor Mike Todd. Welcome brother. What's going on fam? Y'all good? How you feeling? Yes man, I'm blessed man. I'm doing good. Good. I'm at The Breakfast Club. Hey with y'all. I'm blessed black and highly favored. You are definitely black, blessed and highly favored. It feels, I feel like all of us are blessed black and highly favored. Absolutely. Absolutely. It feels good. Thank y'all for having me man. Happy to have you, man. New book Damaged but not destroyed from trauma to triumph. Yes sir. Powerful title Bro. It's my life. Okay. And it's honestly, I believe a lot of people's life that they don't share.


You know, you see everybody from people who've gone from the gutter to this big platform or people who've just made it out of the hood or just made it from where they thought they would never come. But then they shut up and stop telling the actual story about how they got from where they were to where they are now. I Have a theory about that. What, what is it? I think the theory now, like I'm, I'm 45 years old so you look good. So growing. Thank you brother. So growing up, you know, it was those stories of overcoming those stories of making mistakes and you know, becoming a better person that we always gravitated towards, that we learned from nowadays because of this so-called cancel culture. Yeah. Nobody wants to talk about the mistakes that they made. Yeah. You know, nobody 'cause they feel like they'll be judged for 'em and crucified for 'em, which they probably will.


Well, Well but it's temporary. Like the truth of the matter is because I'm a person of faith, I believe the truth of the matter is though we overcome by the blood of the lamb. That's what Christ has done. But the words of our own testimony, even if you don't believe what I believe the truth is when you see somebody else go through something and you make it through it, it gives you courage, it gives you hope, it gives you, dang, maybe I can do that too. And a lot of people are robbing other people of the fuel that they need to overcome their actual situation. 'cause they scared number one and number two is because they feel like maybe my worst moment defined me. But I found that in my worst moment, that's who, that's what made me. Absolutely. And so I just wanted to come like completely clean, completely raw.


I say hot, humble, open and transparent and Emini here. It takes also the power outta what anybody can ever say about me. I used to, I know, I I believe you. I agree with everything you say. I used to, I always say live your truth. So nobody can use your truth against you. But boy they will try, they'll try. The truth of the matter is, but if it's real, like when you cut it open and it's real and you actually grew from it and you actually learn from the cheating and you actually did the work and went to therapy and you actually, yeah, no I did embezzle that money, but I'm not going to do that. Never again. And I'm like, when you actually grow, I believe that this life is about progression, not perfection. And on the gram and in front of people, we're always trying to present progre perfection.


That's right. But I really believe like when you cut it all down, it's one baby step in front of another baby, step in front of another baby step and you look up and like, how did I get here? It was a bunch of small moments that got you to that moment. You Say that, but then I don't, I don't think people necessarily care about that. Right. Because let's, let's take one of the biggest things I think people have been talking about in the last week, right? Jada Pink and Smiths book, right? Yeah. People have been talking about how she's so foul on will and, and how she did this and how, but we always talk about tell your truth, right? Yeah. Good, bad or indifferent. We don't know what happened in their relationship. I Have no Idea. The way your marriage is, the way my marriage is, the way their marriage, his marriage is, is not the way their marriage might be. So you, we don't know. But people have been killing them and killing their relationship based off things that we don't know when she was just sharing her truth.


Because please believe, I'm sure there's somebody out there that's living a life just like them and now feels comfortable being able to talk about it because able To talk about it. But that's, but those are moments like think about what y'all talked about a year ago compared to what y'all talk about today. That's right. Compared to what you're gonna talk about next month. That's right. The truth of the matter is in the culture that we, the feedback culture that we live in right now, everybody's just trying to say what's gonna get them a, a happy meal off of the YouTube clips. Right? Like that's what everybody's trying to say right now. Facts. Right. But the truth of the matter is the person that is in the situation that's in the fire, is that fire actually purifying something outta you? Is that fire actually making you into something? Fire is not bad. It actually purifies the real.


And so most people, every piece of gold and jewelry had to be put against fire. The problem is when it's not authentically who you are, when it's not really what's in you, that stuff gets melted away. And that's where people get exposed. That's where people like they talk, I was all about this And I all about this when fire hit it shows like that's not what you was really about. That's right. That's right. And so for me, I just think that too many people, especially black, especially black people, we do not face the damage that we went through. We run from it, we go away from it. We try to Gucci louie it down, we try to get out of the neighborhood. We try to, but the truth of the matter is we're running from an insecurity at 15 putting cake ice in on dog shit.


That's what I like to say's that I wouldn't say it like that, but because you said it like that, I'm gonna go say amen. You know what I'm saying? But the truth of the matter is we are hoping people don't actually find out what it really is. And we're about to go into Thanksgiving, people going back to families they hate. We're going back into Christmas, people about to buy expenses stuff and go into debt for children that they don't know but they keep Jordan up. Right? Dang. Like just think about all the things like these kids don't even know who their real daddy is or who their actual family is. But instead of facing it, instead of going to counseling with our kids, instead of just saying, I'm sorry, like we just going to keep moving on up. We going to keep buying new cars, we going to keep getting new wigs.


And I'm like, yo, something has to change. We have to deal with our damage. And I believe that God loves damaged people. Like you can't find nobody in the Bible, nobody in faith that wasn't jacked up. Mm. But God does his best work with damaged people. If you would just admit, I'm damaged, I'm damaged. I agree. How how important is a, is a support system, right? Because he came, he came with your wife, Charlamagne's been with his wife 25, I've been my wife 30. How important is that? Because a lot of times you hear people say, I don't need that. Or I'm looking for a guy that's gonna make this much money. But yeah, that's dumb. They never talk about The heart. Yeah. The truth of the matter is you say that's dumb. Yeah. Thank you for that. Say that louder. Trying to, it it's, it's dumb. Like I tell people all the time, I did a book, my first book was called Relationship Goals and I have this whole chapter in the book about rip up your list.


And I know people are gonna say whatever they're gonna say about they got this list, you're still single. The truth of the matter is like the truth of the matter is, is a lot of times God never hands you a finished product. He hands you something, you gotta work. Right. And and that's why ikea's one of the greatest furniture companies, no matter what you think about it, is they, they give you something that you have to put your hands to, to assemble. And it gives people another greater level of satisfaction because when they actually put their hands in to help make that thing happen, it feels like I've accomplished something. Relationship is the same way. God never TD Jake says it, God never gives you a table, he gives you a tree. That's right. The same thing with the relationship.


And so I think many times people need to rip up their lists and actually look for the things that are in the heart. You can't Instagram integrity. Ooh you can't Facebook faithfulness. Right? Like, and so look at my man, he da da da. The the greatest things that have made me and my wife's relationship work. I cannot show you on a post. It has to be lived out, proved out and over time. And so when you say support system, bro, that's what is, that is literally the only reason I'm here right now is 'cause I got people who could see me at my worst and still think of me in my best situation to still like, while it still smells like that word that you said just a second ago, they still walking with me and like, I'll actually, I'll be with you 'cause I know it's not gonna be like this the whole time.


I tell people community is everything. Having mentors is everything. Being around people that are further than you is everything. Right. And if you're gonna deal with your damage, you need that. Because a lot of people do it in isolation. And Covid has really jacked up people. And, and when I say that, I'm not even talking from a health standpoint physically, I'm talking about a mental health standpoint. A spiritual health standpoint. That's right. A relational health standpoint. People went into they caves and started spectating on what everybody was doing and it made them look out instead of looking in. Right. I, I agree with that. But I also feel like during Covid a lot of people had to stop and see themselves for the first time. Yeah. And they didn't like what they saw, But then we went back outside.


So it's, it is one thing to see it, it's another thing to deal with it. It's one thing to see it and it's another thing Emini here, vacations or or travel is gone up like a thousand percent because people are trying to escape. They running from themselves, they running from themselves. And the only person you cannot finesse is you. That's right. Or the significant other. A lot of people in in in in Covid realized they didn't like their partner, they Hated them, they hated Their partner. 'cause you know, usually you think about it, you know you work for eight, nine hours a day. Yeah. You come home for a couple hours and you only really seeing your partner for a couple hours. But Covid Exposed everybody. And this is where I think for most of us, it's time to take our trauma and know that our trauma can go too triumph.


Every horrible thing that ever happened to me, every trashy thing I did to myself when I brought that to counseling, to my community, to Christ, it was like, oh yeah, yeah we can package that, we can move that. We can cut that off. Oh you needed to learn that. And then it became the pain that built the platform. And I'm just trying to go first, especially in somebody who does what I do as a pastor and leader, we usually stand on a platform and tell everybody, you know, you need to work on this, you can do this. And I was like, yeah, I'm gonna take a different approach. I'm gonna go do it first. I'm gonna go to intensive therapy. Me and my wife gonna fly to Colorado for a whole year every month and spend five days in counseling for five hours.


We're going, we're going, we're gonna The work work. Oh. 'cause what's not transformed is transferred. Everybody leaving an inheritance for they kids of money in cars, but they're leaving poor, spiritual, emotional and mental health. So what happens when you give a kid who's never been seen, who's never actually known their identity and who has no self-worth a million dollars? What do you think they gonna do? They gonna buy friends. They're going to go out here and try to numb because they d don't wanna feel like, I just think that we could do it better. I'm not saying be broke, I'm saying be rich everywhere. What was your breakthrough moment that inspired you to be so vulnerable in this book?


Bro, I have a son, our second son, his name is mj, my name say he has autism and me and my wife, we're going through the height of our ministry and our business is growing and everything's exploding. My first book goes number one, New York Times bestseller. I barely graduated English class. Like I'm, I'm in a shock. And then our only son, we take him to the doctor and they're like, yeah, he's not progressing normally. He's not, he's not talking, he's not looking anymore. And he was going the right way and then just something switched. And my motor has always been, let me be greater. Let me be better. Let me make more money, let me do this. And I, I tried to do everything I knew how to do and it didn't fix nothing.


Getting a bigger platform, writing another book, making more money, it didn't do anything. And so when my motor broke it was like, what's going on? I'm watching my wife slip into depression. Nothing. Nothing is working. And so I was like, hold on, we gotta start working on this. I was sitting with my mentor Tim Ross at a crackle barrel outside of Oklahoma City And I was just telling him what I was going through and we started thinking about back over my life. And he said, yeah. He was like, yeah, when did God's standard become lower than your standard? And I was like, what are you talking about? He was like, Michael, you've been telling me all this stuff. You wanna make better and you want it to be great. You keep using this word great, great, great, great. He said, but in the beginning when God created the heavens and the earth, he looked at it and he said it's good.


And then he created the, the, the stars and he created the land and said, Uhuh, you go right here, you go right here. Created the animals going through the whole creation. He said it's good. Then he created man on the sixth day and he said, you know what? That's very good. He said, if God's standard is good, why is yours great? And he then he asked me this question, he said, when did you make a decision that good was not good enough? And immediately I went back to 12 years old when I'm in church, my parents raised us in church And I played drums since I was young. And I would go at 12 years old to the choir rehearsal. 'cause my dream was to play in big church, like play with the big choir.


Like not the you for the junior. I wanted to play And I was good. And I would go every Tuesday, only 12-year-old there. And they would never let me play. They would tell me I was great. They would tell me that, man you getting so good. Pinch my cheeks, take all the little stuff. But they would never let me play. They probably had a legitimate reason. But I remember sitting on that, that maroon chair in the back and deciding, I guess good is not good enough. I will only be great. And what ended up happening from 12 years old to 35 years old, I would not settle for anything good. And now I'm looking at my son and he's not good. And I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't rationalize or reconcile what was going on in me.


And God was like, you gonna have to become okay with things being good. And I had to go and heal that 12-year-old Michael to be able to even raise the 30 5-year-old Michael and raise his son. And bro, I went on a journey bro, to like actually deal with the damage that was in me. And as I did that, it was, what'd you say? My wife said I couldn't fix her either. I couldn't even relate because there was so much stuff on the inside of me that I had just put success over, put money over, put all this other stuff over. And it was kind of like, yeah, like we out here. And man, because I went on this healing journey because I spent the money, everybody talking about invest in property, you are the only thing that is priceless.


That's what I always say. Invest in your mental wealth. Why won't you invest in yourself? That's right. You got Jays you don't even wear for three years. You sitting them in boxes. That's right. And you won't even invest in dealing with why your daddy left you and you, you so broken over it. But you just can't even communicate to nobody. And now you're raising another generation that you're there present, but you're not there present emotionally. You have to start from someplace though. You gotta, but that's why I went first. DJ Envy, this is why I wrote this book. I, this may not be my most popular book, but it's my most valuable book. 'cause if anybody actually reads this, if anybody actually like goes in it, they're gonna be like, dang, I can see myself, I can see where this could happen and maybe I'll take the first step.


Right? And that's all I'm trying to get somebody to do. Take a first step. Like don't even freaking think about being this next version of yourself. Just take admit that you are still hurt from that first relationship. 'cause you have been in 17 other relationships acting like he ain't ish. I ain't this. And like you are still hurt from oh boy in 2008. Man. You know, that's, that's exactly why I wrote my second book Shook on Anxiety Playing tricks on me. And that's, I I, you know, it was me just talking about the things I had learned in therapy. But I had an actual psychiatrist, Dr. Ish major in the book with me. 'cause that's what I wanted. Dope. I wanted to admit that not only am I damaged, I wanted to talk about my traumas, but I wanted somebody to read that book and just take a first step.


That's it. That's it. Because the first step leads to the next step. And most of us have been so caught up on perfection, bro, that it, it's jacking your whole life up. It's progression. Somebody may leap to the next step. But if you just scooting, like if you barely like, dang, I just listened to the podcast and I'm gonna go get the book or I'm gonna just watch a message like, or I'm gonna go get charlamagne's. Like just take a step because the end of the day, man, your wellbeing, who you really want to be is available to you. I Love how you talk about, you know how you need God and therapy. Yeah bro. You know how, how, how people feel like you can't have vocal. They'll say things like, you can't have faith in God, faith in fear.


Don't coexist. No, I don't. I don't. I don no, first, first thing you gotta realize is the opposite of faith is not fear. The opposite of faith is love. The Bible says perfect love cast out all fear. The truth of the matter is most people don't know how loved they are by God. So that's where fear really comes from. But the truth of the matter for me is I've been raised in church. I'm a pastor's kid. I've been around it my whole life. Been at the altar play, done all the other stuff. And I believe me and my wife believe in theology and therapy. We believe in prayer and going to a practice. We believe in worshiping and doing the hard work. 'cause the truth of the matter is, many times what happens at church, at the altar in your, in your alone time with God is a catalyst.


It it, it's supposed to start something. And for years, especially in the black church and for many reasons, like maybe because we didn't have access to things and maybe because we weren't taught about them or maybe generationally there was a stigma on it. But we act like everything happened when they prayed. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Everything started when they prayed and we're supposed to continue to pray. But there was some stuff that was in me that I had to communicate about. If you watch Jesus in the Bible, most of the miracles happened in communication. They weren't just like bow and then it's over. It was, they were walking with him. He had disciples that walk with him like, like me and you sitting here that was still cutting people's ears off, still backstabbing, still doing stuff.


But it was a process. And I just think that church has to do a better job at letting people know that when you get saved, that's your spirit getting saved. But you still got this flesh and you still got this soul, the the mind will and emotions. And it has to be continually worked on. It has to be continually transformed. And that's why I go, go to church. That's why I read my Bible. 'cause I can make a good decision today and be ready to go off on somebody tomorrow. I need to continually be in this process of becoming the old folks would've say sanctification. The the, the process of being made holy. All I'm trying to do is be set apart.


But it's a process to that. And I just think again, that's why I go back to progression, not perfection. Lemme Ask you a question. Right. Let's go. So my daughter was talking to me the other day and she was talking about the Bible, right? Yeah. And she was telling me that there was a lot of things in the Bible that wasn't understandable to her. Right. Meaning that she felt like The World crucifies you for certain things that in the Bible but for other things that don't crucify you as much. Yeah. So for her, she was having a hard time necessarily believing as much 'cause she was like, it doesn't make sense. Yeah. And when a child says it doesn't make sense. Yeah. See she's putting two and two and two together. Yeah. So, so what would you say to a child or a young adult that's reading the Bible, even an adult that's reading the Bible and say, Hey, when you talk about this in the Bible, it's kind of like, ah, it happens every day B but when you talk about this, it's like, oh my gosh, you can't do that.


So what do you say on that effect? Number One, you cannot look at culture to be able to get what you need to get from the Bible. So, so that's the first thing. But there's Some things in the Bible that I canceled you forever then you lose jobs, sponsorships, and everything completely. But it's so, so in the Bible. So the truth of the matter is the spirit of the Bible is stronger than the word of the Bible. The letter of the Bible. And that's why I believe you have to have an actual relationship with God. 'cause the Bible is the only book that you read it, it'll start reading you. You'll read so and be like that. Don't feel right. And the heart of it, I believe the the spirit of God will speak to you, give you an impression on your heart, bring clarity. And I think you should study to show yourself a proof.


There's tons of stuff in the Bible that I'm be like, dang. Like whoa, okay, what do I do with that? Well this is a different culture and a different time that all this stuff was happening. But behind everything that happens in the Bible, there's an idea, a spirit and a meaning behind it. And it's finding that thing. What I would encourage your daughter to do is first not just start, there's some parts in the Bible that if you start there, you gonna be confused for the rest of your life. Start with the gospels. Go to Matthew, mark, Luke, and John. Just learn about Jesus. He's the fulfillment of the whole Bible. So when you go to Matthew, mark, Luke, and John and watch how he touched people, watch how he loved people. Watch how when church people were telling him not to heal people, he was stepping out on days that he was not supposed to heal nobody.


And reaching beyond people's faults and seeing their needs. Learn the person to Jesus. That's what I would tell anybody. Don't go start in the Old Testament trying to figure out what all the sacrifices are in Leviticus and Deuteronomy. Just start there because in the person of Jesus, he is the word. And when that word comes to life in you, and then tell her to watch some of my messages. Tell her to check in with somebody who's done the studying and can break it down in another level. How old is your daughter? 21. 21. Tell her to go back and watch relationship goals by Mike Todd. Like just send it to her. And I'm telling you there sometimes it's harder to understand something when you approach it by yourself instead of approaching it with somebody who knows.


How does your car work? All of us, we go to our car and we probably, y'all, y'all rich. So y'all push a start button or don't even touch it. And it comes on. You don't know all of the things that happen for that to happen. But if you get with a mechanic, somebody who works with that, yeah. They'll be able to say, Hey, this is how this happens, this how. And you come with another understanding. So I believe that the Bible is something that you approach by yourself in your alone time. But you can't stay there. I had to get people to help me understand that thing. And I think that's what I would tell your daughter. You know, I wanna go back to the theology in, in therapy thing. I got a couple of questions about that. Let's go. My, my good brother Lil Duval. He posted a a few weeks ago. He put a lot of y'all going to therapy because you're avoiding God.


No, no, no, no, no, no. I I, that may be his experience. I think a lot of people need to go to therapy because of what God's shown them. And a lot of times God shows you, you in situations, And I will agree, I'll say this, some people are going to therapy running from God. Like I will say that because they need to prove that they are working on something. And so going to therapy, paying the thing, not being checked in, just going and sitting there for an hour, that could make you feel good. Like you check something off. But I do truly believe that we have been made by a creator and God has given people the ability to understand, me and my wife had to do this thing called reprocessing.


I don't know if everybody knows what that means, but like, like literally you have to go to a situation. You have to think about that situation. And then you have to actually think about what you wish would've happened. How, how it could have been different. You gotta retrain the pathways in your brain to be able to see, hear, feel something different. And God made us that unique. And so I believe it's both. And I believe there are some people that will go to therapy running from God. And I think there's some people that go to God running from therapy. You think everybody needs therapy though? I agree with do I think everybody needs therapy? Yes, I agree. The Bible says that there is wisdom in the multitude of counselors.


I, I don't think that everybody just needs therapy for their emotional stuff. They need therapy for their finances. I need a coun. I got counselors for my finances, I got counselors from my relationship, I got counselors. If the Bible says there's wisdom in the multitude of counselors, like you need, you need therapy and just how to respond sometimes to your kids. Like Emini here, we were all raised differently, but sometimes especially in our community, like the hand, the embarrassing our kids, berating our kids. A lot of that stuff is just 'cause it happened to us. Hmm. And we've never admitted how much that jacked us up. So then we try to do it to the next generation and see like, and then and play it like it's good parenting.


All I'm saying is maybe you need to talk to somebody. Like maybe you actually need to communicate what being embarrassed in the grocery store actually did to you and why you all puffed up every time anybody tries to correct you. I think the issue with mental and spiritual therapy is if we could actually look at it the way we look at physical therapy, we'd have a different, we'd have a different mindset on it. 'cause like when my arm arm breaks, I know I need to go to a Doctor. I know I need to, My mom can pray over it. Yes, I can go to church and everything, but I still gotta go to a doctor. And And it's not that just like you get the surgery, but then after it heals, You gotta do more Therapy. You have to do therapies. Yeah. Yeah. Why? Because I'm trying to get it not just back to where it was.


I'm trying to get it stronger than it was. That's right. Right. Like so that it doesn't, and they tell you if it breaks in that place and you actually do the therapy, it's a very small chance that'll ever break there again. It's not that nothing else will break, but because you broke it there, you were damaged, you did the work, you healed and then you did the therapy. You actually don't even have to worry about that area no more. And I agree with you Charlamagne. That's the coldest thing I think I heard you say in a year. Like, like if people would view the emotional healing they need like a physical healing, everybody would do the work. Absolutely. But you Know, the problem is, the problem is is it is like what you said before, it's it's learned behavior.


Yes sir. Like most of our parents, No didn't, didn't Go to therapy. And if they did, never told us. Hold on. Like that was grownup business. We didn't know about it. Well To this day I love my parents but it still is a thing. Like you going to therapy. Like, and again, I haven't been able, I'm not a therapist to the nation. Her mama, mama, mama. As many times as we was telling them we were going to therapy it, it almost seemed like a shock. It's a problem. Yeah. What's wrong with your relationship? What's wrong with y'all? That's what most people did. Yeah. But the truth of the matter is both, both of our parents as well as many of our parents have had health issues.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of Casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Hmm. When they have to go get glasses, when they have to wear a boot, when they have to do anything to get back to the vision they were once at. Nobody says anything correct. We, we spend money, we raise money, we use insurance. We do all of those things to get back to a place we were. Why wouldn't we since we've been damaged since 5 10 17. I agree. 26. Why wouldn't we do everything we can? And that's why when I wrote this book, I knew that I had to do something that most people, specifically in a pastoring role, a a shepherd over people or anybody that's doing this in 2023, that's too much ammunition for somebody to be able to discredit me.


My freedom was more important. That's real. How, how do, how do you Know when to bring your pain to a therapist? And when you bring your pain to God? I think you bring all your pain to God. Okay. I don't think the, the Bible says cast all your cares up on him because he cares for you. It says take on the easy yolk and the easy burden that he has trained him for. That I take everything to God. I acknowledge God in all my ways. He will direct my path. He directed my path to therapy. Bro. I wasn't, I was the pastor. I was the crazy faith guy. I was like, yo, we gonna pray. We're gonna believe. And God was like, no, you gonna sit your butt down and talk to a old white lady. What? Like, let's just, let's shout.


And he was like, no, you need to cry. Like Emini here. I, I haven't cried. I can count on my hands how many times I have cried as a grown man. That's not okay. My body needs to release those emotions and that stuff. But I had not been taught how to do that. And just how I needed to be taught, how to drive, taught how to run a business, taught how to actually be a husband. I needed to be taught how to be able to deal with my emotions. And it was almost like I was seeing in black and white. The reason the cover of the book is black and white is 'cause that's where I was living. Even though I was smiling, it was black and white now.


Like how I live now, what God's done in my heart. Now, how I can love this woman now the four kids that I'm raising, the people I can affect now. Bro, it's 3D HD color. And was it hard? Hell yes. Like it took a lot to keep showing up and to keep paying for it. Come on, let's be for real. Yeah. It's not like when you start seeing that tax, like you're like, oh shoot. But was it worth it? I'm telling you right now, it was the greatest investment that I've ever made in myself. And I couldn't keep it to myself. I could have wrote another book, I could have done something, but God was like, nah, you need to, you got to share this. 'cause there's more people who are damaged and they need to know they're not destroyed.


What? The transfer wounds. It's the stuff that you said un transferred wounds. Yeah. Talking about the un transferred wounds. Oh, the truth of the matter is, every wound that you get has the ability to transfer to somebody else in your actions or in your non-action. And that's why I said earlier, what's not transformed is transferred. You got a lot of your mom and daddy in you that they didn't give you directly. That's right. Like they, they gave it to you because you received it. The way that you handle issues, the way that you go through stuff. We got a lot of stuff because they didn't handle it.


I'll give a prime example. I'll tell it in the book. I had a pornography addiction, Emini here jacked up, taking my money, my mind, my focus, your money. Oh bro. Porn of is free. Yeah. Back in the day. You know when, okay, come on now. Don't act like you didn't 3 99 sometimes. Come on now. And if you was buying magazines or if you doing any of, come on, let's be honest. It was robbing me and the money was the least part of it. Well I'm going through this whole thing by myself. I'm suffering like still trying to pray, still trying to love God, still trying to, and if somebody's like the pastor, I tell it every Sunday. Don't even trip. Like, 'cause we out here, every man is actually struggling with something.


Okay. I'm out here addicted trying to do what I've been called to do after I actually start going through the process of healing and making decisions and making disciplines and being accountable and all this other stuff. I found out my dad, he was a drum major for Grambling State University. And he said they came to New York. It's crazy, I'm in New York right now. They came to New York and there was a street back in the day. Now this is back, back in the day where they had peep shows down the whole street. That's 42nd street. Okay. So he know the street 42nd Street. And he said back in the day, he, they got here on the bus and he said he got a pocket full of quarters and you could go and you could put the thing, the money in the machine and then the curtain would open and you see naked women back in the day.


That was the equivalent of pornography. He said after I told him what I was going through, he said, Michael, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I never told you about it. I'm sorry I never dealt with it publicly. I'm sorry that I did this. He said, because I had five sons and every single one of my brothers and me dealt with the sexual addiction because what was not transformed in him was transferred into us. Mm. And all of us had to deal with it in another level. And that's what he told me. So I don't know the extent of it. I don't know how it affected him and my mom. I don't know. Emini here, you know, when you telling somebody something at the end, it is like you tell 'em what part you think they can handle.


But I know there was real things there. 'cause now I'm a man raising four kids. How do you know you have a sexual addiction though? A man, you supposed to have a healthy sexual Appetite. Right? Definitely. Definitely. You're supposed to have a se God gave it to you. That's right. The truth of the matter is women are From the earth. Women are of God Of God. But God also, God the greatest creation. Oh the best creation. You see mine back there. Glory to the most high God. The problem is, the problem is our human nature is leans to overindulgence. Emini. Here. I'm talking about just in a Krispy Kreme donut. You Emini here, you don't even have to, you're not even hungry. But if somebody put some hot Krispy kres on the table and before you know it, six of them Jesus.


Like before you didn't even feel like it was and now and you're still not full. What happens when you eat? What's going to go against what you need and you're still not full? What If you pour all of that into your, your, your woman. Beautiful. It's just your wife. Beautiful. Okay. I I I think all of that is beautiful. There is nothing wrong with that. The truth of the matter is if you pour it all into your wife and you still need it from the people at your job and you still need it from the app and you still need it. I get what you're saying. Do do. I'm, I'm not saying within the confines of marriage as well as from my belief in confines of marriage, nothing's off limits, but that y'all agree on. Right.


The truth of the matter is people think that they addiction gets solved when they get married. It never does. Mm. So there's some trauma or some drama or some triggers that actually need to be dealt with. And everybody thinks it's the person that's the person's not the problem. It's what's in you that you have not addressed. And so that's why four marriages, five marriages sit. I don't wanna be married no more. And you just, so in your right okay do that. But after you've done it with everybody, you still feel empty. How have you flown out? Everybody made whole careers about it, sung about it, and at the end of the day you still feel empty.


It can't be the sex. Yeah. I feel like That's people who they trying to feed their ego and not they soul. But even if you're trying to feed your ego, where did that come from? Somebody didn't see you. That's right. You weren't somewhere you got picked over and it was like, nah, forget that. Everybody gonna see me now. That's right. And now I'm just saying that a lot of the things we clap for as the fruit has a a rotten root 'cause for me, all the stuff that I was doing and being great at and doing what nobody else was doing in my small little community, like people were applauding me. I was getting attention for it. I was gonna be great. But the truth of the matter is the root of it was foul.


It was because I was not affirmed. I was not seen And I was rejected. And until I dealt with that, everything I did, I was bro, I had made more money than I had ever thought I was in. I was doing drink, I couldn't feel it. I could not feel it because I haven't dealt with my real issue. And that's why I believe God many times brings you to a place where you have nothing else. So that you can find everything that's real. And too many people are running from that place. I, I actually believe everybody should hit rock bottom at least once, whatever that is, hit it. 'cause that's where you can fall apart. And when you fall apart, that's when God takes all the pieces and he makes a masterpiece.


And so many people are trying their hardest not to fall apart, just fall apart. God does his best work with pieces of people and then he creates masterpieces. Do You, do you get counseling from other other Passes? Yeah. Okay. Definitely. People who have been in the game a lot longer than me. Like has TD J you and tj. Yeah, man, we had a awesome meeting for probably about five hours at a restaurant. TD Jakes, he's like the OG of OGs love. So, so he, we met and it was like in this secret building that was unmarked and we went up and like you hit the floor and it's like a restaurant. I'm like, where am I? It was like me with the Godfather. You know what? Yeah, okay. And I'm like, I'm like, what is going on?


And that man just began to pour into me. I love TD Jakes I love him too as just somebody who talks even more than preaching. If you ever get to just talk to him, it is like, and that mentorship, mentorship from Tim Ross, mentorship from Robert Morris, mentorship from Stephen Fur mentorship from God All like, it's invaluable what you learn from people who've been damaged. Me and Steven from the same hometown. No Mons Corner, South Carolina, bro. I just preached for him two weeks ago. Wait, you was in Charlotte? Yeah, I preached in Charlotte two Weeks ago. Him and my wife. Well 'cause I was already kicked outta school by then, but him and my wife went to high school together.


Bro. It's, it's, it's, it's invaluable what you can learn from somebody who will share from their damage. And that's what all of those men did. Like if I think about it right now, like I'm thinking you call it mentoring, but all mentor mentoring. It really ishmm is people showing you where they messed up, where they should have done it differently, sharing from their damage. And it helps push you into your desk. Was this after the, the, the, the the Spit Incident? No bro. That, that was before. Okay. Because I But you, I'm the spit hits the fan. That's what I call it. Spit hits the fan. Break it down. People don't know. I know we reported a long time ago, it was smearing spit on your brother fit. I don't even remember what it was now, but to see your point. Yeah. Think about how that was back then. How everybody was, had you in the storm talking about it right now.


I don't even remember what It yeah. What it was. So I, I did an example at my church. I've, first off, let me say this, I am not a regular preacher. Like when I say a regular preacher, like I was bored in church. And so when God called me to preach, I was like, all right, I'm gonna actually use everything that I have to help people get it. And so I tell stories, I use examples. I, and honestly I'm doing everything how Virgil Ablo said for my 17-year-old self, most 17 year olds, they don't care nothing about church. They're trying to see the girl with the booty and go eat and go play with they. So I'm trying to like capture. So I've always used examples and stuff like that. And so there's this story in the Bible where Jesus basically heals a man by spitting on his hand and putting on his face.


And so this is a example I had done three times before. And this is what my blood little brother, this is not some random audience member or anything like this. Now this is a brother. We fought blood, like this is my little brother. And he wanted to do the example with me so I could show it. And the whole idea was like many people will not be willing to go through a messy process to get their healing. So the idea was this man was blind, he wasn't deaf. So if Jesus is about to spit, he's standing there in front of Jesus and he can hear, like if you hear somebody about the hlu, you're like, oh my god. And I was trying to say, as disgusting as this is, that man stayed there and he received something that nobody else could give him.


And I I, and as I was saying that, I said maybe you, the counseling would be messy for you. Maybe apologizing would be messing for you. Maybe downsizing your house would be messy for you after you've put on this whole thing about how God blessed you. But what if on the other side of this mess was your healing? And I did the example. It worked too well. And, and by that night we was on T-M-Z-C-N-N next morning, breakfast club, all that other stuff. And it was somebody has was saying to me the other day, they was like, do you wish it wouldn't have happened? I was like, honestly no. I was like, it shocked me. But what I had to deal with internally and what I had to become okay with inside of me because of that situation, it made me into a man that I would've never met had it not happened.


Oh, go ahead. I'm Sorry. Go. I Emini here. For me, it changed my whole view of who I was called to reach and how much I needed anybody's applause. I was gonna, the only reason I even bought it up. 'cause I felt like you was getting subbed a lot by other pastors during that time. Yeah. It was beautiful. Yeah. I feel like a lot of other pastors was like trying to call you out but not say your name. They done got my cell phone number. They didn't text me. They didn't show up. And this is the beautiful thing about people. Like for many years it was up and to the right, everything about what we were doing. This was the first opportunity for somebody to take a hit. And some people tried, but when God calls you, you can't cancel somebody.


And that's why I was, that's why I asked you, you know, who's your mentorship? Because I felt like it is good to know that there were other pastors who weren't saying, oh yeah, I'm not gonna talk about the brother. I'm gonna, no man, I'm gonna bring the brother in. Have Conversation. I have people who pulled up on me. I have people who put their arm around me. Right. But that's what we supposed to do. Absolutely. If you say, if you say you my brother, if you say you my sister, if you say we down, that means nothing on the mountaintop. Absolutely. Absolutely. It only means something in the valley. And so I'm grateful for all the men and women and people who rode with us through that storm. Because if you're doing anything, anything of significance, you gonna have in moments, it don't matter who you are. And so we walked through it and God has changed me in the process.


'cause I wasn't trying to combat anything. What is this exposing about me? And thank God I was in therapy. Thank God I had community. Thank God. And the crazy thing is I had finished writing this book, so it wasn't even gonna be in the book. And God was like, I'm gonna give you a live example of what this looks like to be damaged but not destroyed. So I had to go back and re-edit the book, book chapter two or three is when the spit hits the fan. And I walked through how the whole situation, 'cause I'm gonna use everything That's right. I'm gonna die empty, man. That's right. If if, if it happens to me and God can get glory out of it, I'm gonna use all of it. No, bro, if we're supposed to be defined by our worst moments, then everybody's jacked up.


But if we can take our worst moments, give it to God, he can flip that thing and turn it into something beautiful that's not about me, that's about him. That Used to be what The World was about. I Emini here. I guess I still, that is what The World is about. Yeah. I can't let social media make me Think otherwise. Well the truth of the matter is it just doesn't get as many clits. That's right. Right. A few weeks before this, our church has been a generous church to nonprofits, organizations sex trafficking. I, I started in the hood of Tulsa, Oklahoma where Right up the street from where the race massacres happened in 1921. Like that's where my church was. And God somehow took that from a 300 member church to a large church that's affecting The World. Well part of that was I'm not gonna be a church that just has resources and we not gonna really give, prior to the spit hitting the fan incident, Charlemagne, we gave away in one year $8 million with no strings attached Wow.


Not one news report, not one clip. Our local news didn't even cover it. Did y'all put out a press release about that? Or $8 million? We even took the three Surviving. Now there's only two people who survived the race massacre. Cultural races, massacres. And we brought them on Juneteenth and 'cause they've not received reparations from anybody. Not Oklahoma, not not the government, anything. We gave them each $200,000 with no strings attacked. I never even heard about that. I know. Wow. That's true. But the of the matter is that's not what people desire to feed on hope.


They desire to feed on people's failures. And so until we actually do the inner work, why? The question is, why, why does the Will and Jada thing make us feel better about us? Because our relationships are jacked up, but we not living 'em out loud like they are. I'm gonna step Away from the mic. Why? Why does potentially seeing somebody lose they money make you feel? Why? It's because at the end of the day, there's something in you that is not satisfied, not fulfilled. And so seeing what happens with Meg Thee stallion and Tory lanes and seeing what happens with this pastor who falls and seeing what hap, it just makes us temporarily not think about how we need to do some work.


That's right. And that's why the Bible says like before you pull that whole log, that that speckle outta your brother's eye, you need to get that tree log outta your own. And right now it's very easy not to even look at yourself. 'cause I can look at everybody else, Man. Damaged. But not destroyed. But not destroyed. What do you hope people get from this book, man? Yeah, I believe that if you read this book and actually do the work that's in here, I tell people this all the time. It may not have been your fault, what happened to you, but it is now your responsibility. It's time to do the work. And I'm just, I'm just here to say I've had to do the work in front of people. Like with hundreds of thousand peoples watching me, judging me.


All this stuff. You can do this work. That's right. No matter where you are, how much money you have, what your family thinks about it, you will become a different person that will be able to actually be a blessing to other people. The healed version of you is better than the version of you that you have right now. If you do the work, if you actually do it, let me Just say it like this. I dedicated this book to my great grandkids, like in the dedication. I I, I now, my oldest daughter's 10 And I dedicated it because the Bible says a good man leaves an inheritance for his children's children. And yes, I wanna leave them houses and yes, I wanna leave them investments, but I wanna leave them emotional health.


I pray one day my grandson picks this book up and is able to say my grandpa dealt with his stuff And I know I'm struggling right now. 'cause life be life in and everybody's going go through it. But God be garden, God and Therapy. And there be be therapy. There you go. And that's why, let me show you. I don't know what camera I can look into. Right here's right the back of the, it's a double cover. The front is me smiling. That's the triumph. But the back of it is me, my dad, my four brothers, and my son. This, this is a picture of all of us. It looks like me, but it's all of us. Wow. 'cause your damage affects every person you say you love.


Well they have it. So if you wanna do the work, join me. Damage, but not the destroy. If We wanna pray it, bro. Agree. If we can pass on generational, you know, traumas, we could definitely pass on generational blessing. There we go, bro. You just said it. And, and and take it from blessing, generational healing. That's Right. Like what happens if the greatest thing I could give to the next generation is how to deal with they issues. Absolutely. Yeah. You want me to pray for you? Of course. Let's pray for, pray for you. Father, we just thank you for this opportunity to be here, to be in this moment, to be with you. For everybody listening and with my four brothers in the room, I thank you, father that something was said here that sparks their faith to believe that you can help them deal with their damage.


God, we got different relationships, different responsibilities, different pains, different hurts, but God, you know them all. I thank you that by faith something is about to change on the inside of every person, under the sound of my voice, bring back a moment, a memory, a reason why they need to make this step. And I thank you that no matter what has happened to them, no matter how bad or how good, I thank you that you can take our trauma and you can turn it into triumph. You can take our pain and you can turn it into platform. Father, I thank you for all the people who are damaged but not destroyed. Bless them is my prayer. In Jesus' name, we agree. Amen. Amen. Ladies and gentlemen, pastor Mike Todd, we appreciate you brother.


Hey bro, we can make this maybe like a monthly thing, man. Let's make it happen. I appreciate y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.