
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Wake That ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Yep. And we got a special guest in the building today. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, The mayor, mayor Eric Adams, New York City. Eric Adams mayor. And We have a, we also have lawyer and political commentator. Ola Yumi S right here. Good morning. Good morning, mayor. What's happening? How You feeling, mayor? Good. Good. You know, you know, even before we get into the conversation, I was with Jordan the other day, my son, and somehow your name came up and there was a group of young people in the room talking about politics. It's amazing how so many people are into politics now. And they came up with saying something about, there were people saying that how you were trying to push Trump, push Trump, push Trump.


And so Jordan pulled up this video, one of your shows, or you broke down each time you were talking about what was wrong about his race. Absolutely. And just broke it down piece by piece. And Jordan said, dad, you know what? Truth doesn't matter anymore with folks. Nope. People don't care about truth. Nobody cares about the truth. They don't care about fact. Facts no longer exist. I've never pushed Trump actually, I actually do the opposite. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we ain't a generation where everyone gets up in the morning, look on social media and whatever's on there. They identify it as the facts. The headlines. Exactly. No one goes into the body of the story. Everybody's just, well, you know what, this is what the headlines say. And that's the reality of it. And so it was like an eye opener for him of how he, I said Jordan, for over and over again, that one moment took away all those years of me saying, have your own facts.


Right. Don't let anybody define for you. You define for yourself. That's right. You know, and that's the power of this microphone. That's the power of, of media. Absolutely. Of putting those facts out. If we don't control the message, the message will control us. We got a lot to talk about today. A lot your city. So yes. Today we reported earlier about congestion pricing, right? Yes. What's your, what's your thoughts on that? I, I think it's gonna, it's, it's gonna cripple New York City. You got a lot of people. The bridge is already, the toll's already high. It's $17. I think for George Washington, $11 for the Midtown tunnels. Parking is, is extremely high. And now getting into the city, it's gonna be even, it's gonna hurt a lot of people. Even driving the city. And people are scared of the subways, you know, with everything been going on, people getting, you know, pushed into the train stations crime and people are scared of New York City.


That's A lot. Let's unpack. That's, let's do the first, The congestion. Congested price been a lie. I have, I have. Hold on. But let's, let's break it down for a moment. Let's break it down in pieces so we can really understand it. First, let's deal with the stuff about people scared of the subways. When I became mayor, no one wanted to be on the subway. We got over 4 million daily riders. I was talking to one of my guys, I was talking to a sister the other day and she said, you know, we have about two 300 crimes happening on this subway system. We have six felonies a day on our subway system. Out of 4 million riders. Look at those numbers. Our, our subway system is a safe system. And we put in a different, additional thousand officers to do the high visibility to deal with the reality, because safety is not only felt is perceived.


So if those six felonies we gotta get rid of, we clear, we clear on that. But people are back on our subway, subway system. But when you deal with specifically congestion prices, a lot of people don't realize these are the city streets. But we had no authority on it. Albany passed the law and turned it over to the mta. This is the MTAs baby. They should have allowed the city to be able to control how congestion pricing was done. So that $15, we were able to fight to get a hundred million dollars to deal with the environmental impact in the Bronx. We were able to fight to get those who are shift brokers to get a discount. Those who make less than $50,000 to get a discount. But this was a bill that came out of Albany.


So You don't agree with it, or do you Agree with it? No, I agree. We gotta deal with something with the congestion in our city. But you don't pass on the course of that, on low income New Yorkers or those who have to come to Manhattan. You may have to have going to your chemotherapy and this is the doctor you have to go to. You should not be here over there because of that. People That live in the area, they, they're saying that, that people that actually live in the area, when they drive, if they gotta drive uptown to the doctor or they gotta drive, they get charged too. Which Is, yeah, but I, I'm not feeling with people that live in the area. Central Manhattan, east up south of 60th Street has the best transportation system on the globe. You got crosstown trains, you have south and north trains, you have buses that go across town.


There's no place else on, on the globe that you have the greatest access to public transportation than people south of 60th street. So I'm not feeling them if they're saying that, you know, we don't have to, we don't want to pay. You know what, you need to get on the train. I take the train, you know, so you could get on the train. I'm talking about low income. New Yorkers should not have to carry the burden of that. And we ask to have more and a greater input and the shaping of that. But we don't, people don't often realize we are creatures of Albany. Albany passed the laws. We have to, I implement the laws that are down here. You you mean? Yeah. I I think you're right that there is a difference between perception and fact and how people feel about safety and the way people feel about the subways.


And I think it's your own rhetoric about the subways that has a lot to do with why people feel scared, despite the fact that millions of people ride the subway every day without incident. But you've continued to fearmonger about crime in the subways. You've added 2000 police officers, despite the fact that you've acknowledged that the subways are not that dangerous. And I think there is, you're right. Poor New Yorkers should not be the ones who bear the brunt of this. But they will, if they already have the subway being turned into a place that they have to fare, that there's a national guard, that there's a hyper visibility of police, that they're trying to stop people with certain records from even using them. And now you have this congestion price. So how do you reconcile that? Well, let's, let's go before, first of all, I would love to give, gimme the quotes on my rhetoric. 'cause I'm, I'm lost on that. Can you gimme The quotes on that? You fair monger about the subways? Yeah.


Gimme, oh, you've consistently done that since the day one of your administration, one of the first things you did was add a thousand officers to the subway because you claimed that the subways are unrightable. You and Hoko did this and said how dangerous it is. And you recently did that when you deployed the National Guard Sister. But that's not, that wasn't my question Queen. My question was, what was my fear mongering? What did I say? You continuously say, I, I could point to a number of videos and quotes and everything from you, but you've said repeatedly that the subways are dangerous. That New York is dangerous. You complain about crime relentlessly. So what I'm saying to you is, if you are saying that New York is the safest city, it's one of the safest big cities in this country, which is true. And you're recognizing that the subway stations are in fact not half as dangerous as they're presented to be. I'm saying, how do you reconcile how your rhetoric has played into people's fair?


Okay. Okay. And I, and not even just rhetoric, I would say the actions. 'cause she, she's right. If, if you tell us which is different, feels safe, which is different. But it's the same thing though. If you put a thousand police officers in the subway, 2000 police officers in the subway that don't make us feel safe. We think something's wrong. If You're doing that. Okay, let, let me, let me first, let me peel back again, because you gotta always peel back this stuff, you know, because oftentimes how you're depict in the media that I I don't control is how people interpret you. I didn't put the national guards in the subway the governor did. I know I don, but I know what you said. But you said, but you said Eric, you, You, I never, you stood with Governor Kathy Hoel and you cosigned that decision. You did. And I'm not saying this as someone who's following social media. I'm saying that as an attorney in the city and an activist who follows everything that you do. Yeah. If you, I'm glad you do, because then you'll realize how I turn the city around.


If you follow everything I do, you'll realize that I, I would, I would say no. But we could get to that next Loosen up your time, man, Adam. Yeah. It'll be a long day. And listen, And I enjoy every moment of it. That's right. That's right. You know, because this is what I do. Right. You know, when you, when you come with a serious history, if you file everything you do, I do. You know how long I've been doing this? And you know what my record is? So let's peel back what you just stated. When pe fear is perceived and felt, that's what fear is. So no matter, as I shared that, we have six felony crimes a day with 4 million riders. If people feel unsafe, when we get in the subway system, And I ride to the subway system And I talk to commuters And I say, what are you feeling?


And how do I help you with that fear? They say, Erica, we see more visible uniform offices in our subway system. We're gonna feel safer. We got it. We got it. Oh, let me, can I, can I, can I, can I peel it back? You can talk, You Can peel it back. We, we, we, so we got it that the numbers are down. We got it. That we're back on the subway system, post covid. But when we see, this is what the public is saying, when we see the visible presence of a uniform officer, we feel safer. Now you may say, Eric, I don't wanna see a visible president of a uniform officer. And that's cool, but that's not what the overwhelming number of New Yorkers are saying. And I'm saying to you, the New York City comptroller, Brad Lander recently put out a report finding that 50% of the city is disappointed and does not feel safe based on your rhetoric about the subways and your over police presence.


Okay, Well, sister, first of all, that's not what this says. Based on Eric's rhetoric. That's not You keep Using they No, no, no, no. They didn't say, did they say, based on Eric's rhetoric? Do You wanna talk about, based on your specific No, no, Sister, I'm going back to what you said. Because you're an attorney. You did the fact, did they say based on Eric rhetoric? Yes, they have. The city is there are, they have multiple reports. The New York Times, the Gothamist, the City Comptroller, and the Federal Monitor. Who reports, who reports, who's tasked with making sure that NYPD and Rikers are in compliance with the law, have both submitted reports saying that since you became mayor, there's been a return of stop and frisk that there have been over 15,000 stops. 97% of whom have been on black and Hispanic people. A fourth of those stops and searches have been unconstitutional. And, and they've yielded very few results. Now let's, So peel it back. Let's let, let's, let's peel it back.


Eric Adams 100 blacks in law enforcement testified in federal court that the federal court judge stated, based on Eric's testify testimony, we are going to rule against the police police department. We were dealing with a million stops a year when I was with 100 blacks in law, enforce force. My advocacy is what turned it around from that million stops a year. Look at the numbers right now. Right now I am looking at the numbers. So my advocacy and showing how to do Policing correctly, because it's not that you want to eradicate proper police practices, you must make sure they do them right. And that is what I have been able to accomplish in this city. Taking over 13,000 guns off, off the streets of the city of New York, who the victims are black and brown people.


When I go to community meetings and talk to community residents, they don't tell me, Eric, we don't want more police. They said, Eric, we want our police doing their jobs correctly. And that is what I'm doing. The federal manager, the federal Monitor, who was tasked with ensuring that NYPD is following the law, conducted under conducted an analysis, came under who conducted an analysis that haven't eight years ago, but they're still here monitoring what you're doing. And they said that you have brought back stop and press policies that are worse than they saw even during the Bloomberg era. But more importantly, they analyzed the neighborhood safe. They show me that I could show the show the report is available, And I know it's been available to you because your spokesperson has commented on it. They did an analysis of over 10 precincts. You can't Keep putting out 10 different precincts factual.


There is factual. There's a federal monitor reporting to Judge t Swain on it and presenting Information and say what that be. He said that, yes. Listen, let me finish so you can peel it back. They conducted an analysis of 10 different precincts and of every of the stops of 10 different precincts, they found that 97% of them, by the way, of the neighborhood safety teams that were disbanded in 2020 because of their disproportionate abuse against black and Hispanic people that you revived, they analyzed 10 of those different neighborhood safety teams and found that they're conducting 97% of their stops on black and brown people. And a quarter of them are unconstitutional. That's what the Federal Monitor said, not me. Yeah, Yeah. And at the same time, let's, let's be clear on this because what you are, what you are giving the perception of this is a federal monitor that came in long before I was mayor.


Yes. Could we agree on that? Yes. They Monitor number one NYPD. Not you specifically, youre the mayor. Number two. Right. Number two, I have been the mayor for two years and three months. We've had a tradition of over Policing for generations that, and they Said it's worse now that you're here that, That I fought for. We, we, we had issues of over Policing for generations that I fought for you. We acknowledge what my history is in this place. So two years and three months, we are turning around, not only over Policing, but we're turning around the crime. Because when I came to this city, we had a 40% increase in crime and most of that crime, black and brown communities, black and Brown communities, you came mayor after a global pandemic in which there was record unemployment, business laws, Homelessness.


Exactly. And you're not drawing that connection to it. Exactly. You're making No, no, but what I'm saying is crime has a, crime is connected to what is happening in the city and the experiences of people. This is the most expensive city in The World. We had a global pandemic where businesses closed people outta work back. If you saw crime, it Was connected to that high. But you also High level private sector jobs. Come on on. Also you saying that you've turned it around NY BDS abuses. But just last year we paid out $150 million in settling police misconduct from NYD. And that was double the number. That's doubled the number in police misconduct since you became married. I, you know, I noticed something. I noticed how much passion and and commitments you have. It's one of your constituents, right? Yeah. And I'm one of my constituents too now. That's right. You know what I'm saying?


And I grew up in this city. I, I learned, I noticed, and this is what I hear often of those who articulate, when a person in a blue uniform commits an inappropriate act, balance that with what we are doing to take the violence out of our communities. Because I know what I hear when I go to these community meetings. I know what I hear when I go speak to these mothers who lost their children to violence. I know what I hear. You are not even talking about that at all. You, first of All, well, listen, York, I was a public defender. Yorkers gonna feel Serious. But that's what you said. That's what you said. And my original question was about how you relate to that. You Said, you said that New Yorkers don't feel safer. Yeah. So there was a poll that came out with last week, right? Yeah. Right, right.


And in that poll that came out by the CBC, it stated that the priorities of Mayor Adams is moving the city in the right direction. My priority. Now remember two years, three months, brother, two years, three months. I inherited a pandemic. I inherited 180,000 migrants and asylum seekers that can't work. That we have to house them every day. I inherit inherited You called, you called for a lot of them too though. No, we didn't, brother. You said it was a sanctuary city. You told them. Okay, let's, let's see. That's why important place, that's why it's important to have this conversation because sanctuary city and the migrants and asylum seekers are two different issues. Sanctuary city, if you are undocumented, we can't turn you over to ice or authority.


Migrants and asylum seekers were paroled into here. They here, legally they were paroled into. But what the federal government did, and Governor Abbott did, they said, we gonna send 'em up to Chicago, New York, Boston. And the federal government is saying, Eric, you can't allow them to work. You gotta give them housing. You can't stop the buses from coming in. You cannot turn 'em over to ice. All of that is illegal. If I, if I do that, we be breaking law. So when people look at the migrants, that Arei that are here, we didn't call people to come here. They was sent here by Governor Abbott. And the failure to secure our borders is allowing this to continue. And we're not getting any funding, any money from, we got about a hundred million dollars out of a $4 billion price tag.


Look at Chicago right now. Look at what's happening in Chicago right now. My brother, mayor Johnson over there. What's happening with him? Look what's happening in Boston. Look what's happening in Houston, Los Angeles, and then do a comparative analysis of what's happening on our streets here. Wow. We dealt with that crisis turn around our economy outpacing the state and reading and math of our young people. I've been on Rikers Island more than any mayor in the history of the city, talking with inmates and correction officers to turn around What's happening on Rikers Island. I know you go to Rikers in 2022 and there were three deaths back to Bath because corrections officers left their post and allowed it to happen. You went to Rikers to express your support for the corrections officer. I didn't know you go to Rikers. No.


What I do want you to do, Eric, mayor Adam. But you keep, you keep giving out misinformation. It's not Misinformation. Mary Adams, I'm quoting the I On Rikers. I was on Rikers Island this week, this week with a group of 12 young brothers who recommitted themselves to Christ. I went to see them in the morning. We prayed together because they, they, they said, this is not the first time you've been here. You've been here over and over visiting us, talking to us, nurturing us. You know, because I know what it's like to be locked up because I was locked up as a child. I know you were. So, I know what it's like to be treated unfairly because I'm dyslexic. When you do an analysis of the number of young brothers and sisters who are in Rikers or in jail, they're dealing with learning disabilities because they were never given any support that they have.


That's why I have dyslexia screening. So we could catch people who are thrown overboard before they get thrown overboard. So Mayor Adam, philosophical, we have a philosophical dis disagreement. Your No, I do like, I'm glad that you brought up breakers, your, your Feelings towards your feelings towards police. It's different from mine. These Are not my, this is not about my feelings. This is about the actual statistics that I presented from the Federal Monitor monitoring. Which Whatcha you saying about her statistics though? Emini here. These are Statistics. These a federal monitor. Do you, are you disputing with the Federal monitor and the actual and the controller? Think this for a moment. Think about this for a moment. Controller Brad Lander. Okay, please, if we're gonna throw people in names on who we are, are are independent sources, he should not be one of them.


Think about this Federal monitor, The one that was independently elected by the people of New York placed There I was, but I was independently elected also. And, and, and we've been there And I'm addressing you. So, so think about this for a moment. The Federal Monitor wants to take over Rikers. Okay? Rikers has been dysfunctional for generations. I came in, decreased violence, put in real incentive programs for young people there, but I didn't do it from a distance. I went to Rikers and walked the halls and talked with inmates. We're doing workshops and supportive groups of inmates and find out, what do you need to be here? We instituted real turnaround programs there with the sisters. That's now, and the correction Officer Emini here. That's the commission of corrections there.


So I didn't do like other mayors. I didn't sit back and say, let me just turn my back on what's Rikers? I said to those Rikers inmates, when I got elected, I'm coming here, I'm going to see what you're going through. I want to make sure you leave here better than how you got here in the first place. And we started instituting programs to do so. So that same federal monitor, go look at the federal prisons. You, that federal monitor wanted to take over our prisons after I had it only two years and three months. No, they wanted to take over my first year, although crime was going, violence was going down, violence was going down. And people say, well, Eric, you know, people are, people are dying on Rikers. Look at how they die. People are coming into Rikers in terrible medical conditions And not getting their medical appointments.


It not, not that, It's not that they were dying because correction officers were killing them. People were coming in with heart problems, heart Problems, but, but under, They were overdosing on, on drugs. When, when people in Rikers start to feel that, because I know I got people that are in Rikers right now serving time and they hate it. They think it's disgusting. These, they trying to really away To it. Of who like she brother who likes she Respectfully, mayor Adams. Fundamentally the things that you're saying is untrue. You actually cut $17 million that were used for classes for people at Rikers Rikers to reenter society. Those were cut under your check. Check out the programs. Those Were cut under your, those were cut under your administration. We were spending millions of dollars. 31 people have died at Rikers since Eric Adams became mayor, Spending millions of dollars for these professional folks who do these programs, reentry programs, millions of dollars, seven people sitting inside the class.


When I came into office, I said, wait a minute, that is not true. Why are we spending so much money on programs? But our people are still in these bad conditions. People have profitize poverty. They have, they're making so much money off of black and brown people because it's a lucrative business to come up with all these different programs, all these different ways. And then when you go to them and say, lemme say the results of the programs that we are paying you millions of dollars for, and then you look and see, well, who's in charge of these programs? They don't look like us. Moments ago you said you instituted programs. And when I brought up the fact that you actually cut programs, now you're anti program. Okay. 31 at least, at least a good Program. We Had to pay for at least 31 people have died at Rikers since you became mayor.


That's why they're pushing For a receivership, no more programs fatherless no more. This was, this was the, this was the, the brother, the pastor, fatherless no more has called the program. And I will encourage you to come and check it out. This brother here, instead of saying pay me millions of dollars to do a program to turn around the lives of our young brothers in, in, in ranks, we are not, we. He doesn't want money. He's committed to the cause. But you have these professional programs that were in place. And when I went to them and say, show me the results of what you've done in these programs. Show me what we produce for our millions of dollars, as in many of these programs in the city that I'm saying, we no longer paying y'all to just play us year after year.


So father fatherless no more is turning around the lives of people not being paid millions of dollars for it. If we're really true to what we say we wanna do, why do we have to pay you millions of dollars to do it? Mm. You know, why don't you come on righteous like I do and volunteer. Why don't you come and really be committed? Because people are not committed to us, brother. They've been playing us. You know, this is a street hustle that have been going on for years and people have eaten off of the dysfunctionality of watching us stay in these permanent states of, of, of, of being. A lot of People are upset too, and they feel like the, the prison reform is, is bad for New York City. They're saying people do crimes, they get out immediately and then they commit the crimes. We just seen an officer that passed away a couple of days ago, rest in peace to him and always healing energy to his family.


But they say that individual was arrested for a gun and has a, a record the size of we don't know what. And they're saying that people are doing crimes and they're getting back out. Officers don't want to arrest people. A lot of officers don't even wanna be officers anymore because the people that they're arresting get out so fast. That is, what do you say to that? And, and brother, lemme tell you something. I say this term all the time. Idealism collides with realism. This far leftist mindset that believes we should not have a criminal justice system in place. We are gonna look like some of these other cities that you're seeing with a lack of a criminal justice system in place. We're losing correction officers, we're losing district attorneys, we're losing police officers, we're losing probation officers.


We're losing school safety agents. Every piece of our public safety apparatus that the everyday working class person wants, we're seeing it all of a sudden erode and we're gonna lose the foundation of our prosperity. And that's, and that's public safety. So when you look at these cases, we have three problems in this city that if you dig into it, you'll see how they continue to intersect between each other. What are they? We have one. We have a recidivist problem. This is not real. We, we, it's a revolving door. 38 people that assaulted transit workers wait less, were arrested 1100 times. 545 people that were arrested for shoplifting were arrested 75 thou 7,500 times.


The person who shot that police officer, his driver was just arrested for having a gun in April of last year. Now he's back doing the same thing all over again. These guys are arrested 10, 15 times. It's a small population of people that are repeated offenders. This is the second problem that we, that we have in this, in, in, in this, in the, in the city, is a severe mental health problem. Agree with that. I'm not talking about just somebody with that's depressed, someone that's going through a bad day. I'm talking about a severe mental health problem. Agree. Go look at these cases of assaulting passengers, pushing people on the subway track the cat that pushed the person on the subway track the other day in and outta the system. And so when I came into office, I said, we can't keep just walking by these people that are dealing with severe mental health issues.


We need to give them wraparound services and care. The far left pushed against me. Oh my gosh, you inhumane. You, you just wanna take people off the streets. No, I said, no. In this city, that is not what happened. People, people are not gonna live in encampments. They're gonna live in tents. Go look at Los Angeles. Go look at Oregon. Go look at all these other cities where you see tent cities, San Francisco, you see tent cities people. When I went out in January, February, when I got elected in 2022, I went out without my security team and started visiting people in, in tents and encampments and started talking to them. Bipolar, schizophrenic, human waste, drug paraphernalia, stale food. They didn't even realize they were in that state. One cat was an ex-police officer that I spoke with, didn't even realize, started seeing and talking to himself.


I said, I'm not gonna do this. My city's not gonna be like San Francisco. It's not gonna be like these other cities where you are watching people living on streets in tents and tents. You don't see that in New York. In, in New York City. Third problem we have is random, random acts of violence. Those random acts of violence are being highlighted. If you have, if you have 24 hours in a day and something that happens to you in an hour in a day, you start to define yourself as that entire day. Those random active violence are plastered on social media. They plastic on, on news, on the NYP Twitter page. They, they plastered on everything. People begin to believe that, oh, I'm living in the city that's outta control.


We are not, She made a good photo. If New York, if NYPD is, is reposting that kind of stuff, what are we supposed to Think? I said, no, no, no, no. I said at the beginning, Everybody got a phone, brother. No, no. NYPD's page is doing this has recently been there. So much so that they're arguing with journalists on there. It's NYPD on their own Twitter pages that are posting and sensationalizing crime. And I said this at the beginning, you said that there's a difference between perception and reality. How people feel afraid versus how safe New York actually is. And I agree with you, but I said that it's your own rhetoric and NYPD's rhetoric that plays into that. And you did it just now. Because the reality is a condition of release for everybody, for every crime, whether it be non baille eligible or bail eligible, is that if you commit a crime and you're rearrested that you, that you bail can and will be set on you.


So that's the first thing. Second of all, they have conducted multiple studies, but the Brennan said are literally just put out one less than 2% of anybody in New York City that's released on bail is arrest rearrested for any violent crime. More importantly, the I'm not talking about not talking about bail in the same breath that we want. I'm not talking about bail in the same breath that you wanna sensationalize me when I highlight and 0.00, an officer was killed at the other day, which is a rare occurrence across the United States, but let alone in New York. New York police officers have killed at least seven people this year, including in 19-year-old. First of all, officer killed a 19-year-old in Queens yesterday. I'm not going to dismiss the loss of a life of an innocent person that wears a uniform to protect us. But you do. Of the 31 people dead at Rikers, a rare and the 19-year-old killed Yesterday.


IIII feel like I don't want to take you outta contexts And I don't want people to all of a sudden criticize that you're being dismissive of a young, young mayor Adam here being shot killed Mary Adams. That's not gonna work on me. I I'm not trying to work anything on you. I'm just, I lost a member of the police department the same way I go to see the mother of 11-year-old baby that was 11 month old baby that was shot in the head when I first became man. I sat in the hospital with her the same way I go visit these mothers who lose their children to gun violence. I go see them. Yes. Not the mothers, people who are dying in Rikers. Just as, just as I go, just as I go to see a, the, the, the family member of a slain police officer. I go visit those parents that lose their loved ones violence.


Did you Visit, are you visiting the family of do you do that first of all? Yes, I did. I held a right car. You, I I represented hundreds of you went to Visit, you went to visit the family member of, of a slain officer? No, not the slain officer. Okay. Of course you didn't. But what about the 19-year-old that was killed yesterday by NYPD in Queens when he called for help? Have you said anything about that? Are you visiting them? Yeah. The, the, the first of all, that's, I'm not, is New York safer or not Mayor, I'm sorry. Is New York safer or not? Okay. We, we just showed the graph that we, that we put up, right? There's, there's a graph that shows how many people murders based on a hundred thousand people. It shows a graph. Each city, the large cities in America, New York is the least. New York is the safest big city in America.


Should we Say crime is down or should we say it's safe? I think it's differe saying, saying crime and not saying something is safe. Safe. Well randoms. And If I'm 330 pounds And I lose 30, I'm still fat. Right? Right, right. You Know what I'm saying? But, but random not. That's why, that's why what what I must do with New Yorkers is give them the facts. Not give them what people are spewing out there. The facts, facts are clear, as I've always stated. We are the safest big city in America. And as people talk about reporting these, the reports that come out and reporting how things are done, no one wants to report the fact that everyone is saying across the globe, New York is the safest big city in America.


Are we Trending the right way? OME You think? I I think that New York, I don't dispute that New York is safe. What I dispute is how Mayor Adams own rhetoric is the reason why people don't feel safe. I agree. I would agree that New Yorkers don't feel safe because of the way that NYPD, the Post and Mayor Adams go about sensationalizing crime. And I'm asking you to talk about it differently. Okay. I, and listen, and you have a right to your opinion and your belief. We, you And I have a philosophical disagreement. You as many. It's Not about the philosophical disagreement Left. Many people on the far left disagree with me. You know many people on the far left. They say, Eric, people should be allowed to sleep on the streets no matter what. They should be allowed to sit on your stoop and inject themselves with drugs. They should be allowed to go in stores and steal whatever they want. They shouldn't have to pay on the subway system.


They should be allowed to carry a gun and be able to come out the next day. Like people disagree With me all the time. Earlier you asked me to point out the rhetoric earlier. You asked me to point out specifically what you say to Fair Monger about crime. So I just would like to say Exhibit A, like what you literally just did you continue to say in this that New York is the safest big city, while simultaneously you are the one sensationalizing the Crime. I'm point facts, I point out facts. All my wishes Or facts. Is it?


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything


You wake up, put on your RayBan Meta Glasses, classic style, innovative tech. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, Raybin Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music. Make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Did not. All I know is all I know is when I came in office And I stated that I wanted to take, I'm not allowing people to sleep in tents on our streets. They're gonna get the care that they deserve. The far left attack. No, we, we Attacked you. You, you made it so that people could be voluntarily committed. That people Yes, invol, listen, if I'm sitting down with you brother and I'm in a tent with you or an encampment and I'm seeing human waste in the corner, I'm seeing stale food. I'm seeing drug paraphernalia And I'm hearing you talking about you only here until the spaceship comes to take you to your next planet. You need to be involuntary committed. Didn't I Just say about sensationalized kind of stories? Stories? No, this is what I, when it Happened, I, this is what I saw. Oh, did, yeah. This is what I saw. You were there right around when I went Around becausecause, the activists that were actually there at the encampments.


You had torn down. You weren't there, but they were there when they were being arrested. People were also Upset that they feel like too much money's going to migrants and you're cutting too many programs, right? They're saying you're cutting the pre-K funding PreK hundred 70 million in PreK. They're saying that you're cutting so many different funding for other people. Love That. Love this question, brother. Love this Question. So people, so people are say, people are feeling like, you know, they never have money for us, but when, as soon as migrants come to country, they find money and, and Listen. People have a right to be angry. You know, who's even more angrier than they are? I am. I've been to Washington 10 times, 10 times to talk about this subject. So people got a right to be pissed off of what they're doing to New York City. How can we fix that? Where, where these like Emini here we cutting a lot of programs. 70 million. Hold on, let's talk about that.


Let's Kids couldn't go to school because migrants took over to school Day. No, no. That's not, that wasn't, that wasn't accurate. Okay, break it down. Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's first, let's deal with that. We always utilize our school buildings during the time of crisis. And if we are saying to ourselves if there's some ama when we had the major fire when I first became mayor and we saw that fire in the Bronx. In Bronx, yeah. You know, we had to take a school to take care of those people who lived in the building Temporarily, when we have major storms, we take a school to use it temporarily. Schools is part of the resources of the city. And thank God we had something called remote learning where people still let, young people are still able to go on to learn. But we Remote Learning. But can say, we can't say, we can't say that we will use a school building during an emergency, but we're not gonna do it for children that are migrants and asylum seekers.


You Publicly oppose remote learning and remote Work. So here's the, here's the, here's the, here are the things that are crucial about the migrant asylum seekers that we need to, we need to put to rest that people don't realize. Number one, I don't have the legal authority to stop the buses from coming in. That's against law. I don't have the authority to allow them to work, which they want to do. That's against the law. I don't have the authority to say, I'm not going to house you and give you three meals a day. It's against the law for me to do it. I don't have the authority to deport someone that commits a crime here in this city and turn 'em over the ice. That's against the law. So what we had to do was figure out how do we house people.


And so some people said, well Eric, you giving them more than what you're giving us. Go to the HERC centers where they are. The shelters, the restrooms are outside. The showers are outside. They're sleeping on cots. They get three basic meals a day. And when I go visit them, they say, we don't want any of this from you. All we want to do is have the right to work so we can provide for ourselves in less than, In less than 30 days. Migrants won't be allowed to work per federal guidelines. And they, they won't be allowed to be housed in NYC anymore in NYC anymore. So where would they go after that? They finding their way out of the 184,000, 60% of them found their way. Like many of us have done. You notice, you don't hear about the the where They gonna get housing in 30 days, though Many of them, we, we giving them intense care.


We're not just telling you, come here, hang out for 30 days and we're not gonna help you. No. In those 30 days. And if, and if you are a young person, you getting 60 days. But in those 30 days or 60 days, we're giving you intense care. We're showing you how to find your way in our city. We're showing you how to go about applying for housing, how to go about applying for the services that you need. And some people are saying, we never wanted to come to New York at all. We wanted to come to another city. But Governor Al Albert said, no, we sending you to New York. New York. Think about this for a moment. We got thousands of Ukrainian migrants. Thousands. Do you hear about 'em? No. Because they could work just, just Mexican. And Africans is the only one you hear about. They could work.


They have the right to work. So, so we wouldn't even be having this conversation if we gave them the authority to work. And you know, the real irony of this, we need workers. I need lifeguards. I need food service workers. Many of these migrants from violence, Venezuela are nurses and other professionals. I need people to back stretch workers. Other states are telling me, Eric, we will take the migrants and asylum seekers if they just allow them to work. We not gonna take them and just have 'em sit around every day. If they're allowed to work, we will take them. I I agree with you. If she's national government, she agrees With you To her. I agree with you that migrant should be able, She agree with, she agreed with a lot of stuff. Trust That. No, no. She on that train trust you that I do not. She's on that train. I'm sitting here. Mayor Adams, She's gonna be dialing 9 1 1.


First of all, I ride the subway every day. I've worked as a public defender in this city and represented thousands of people. So please spare. No, I'm not. You think most police make, make people feel safe? Especially black and brown people. They don't. Phil, No. Black and brown people. Yes, Brother. I go to, oh My God, I, I go to, I just had a town hall. I just had a town hall yesterday. All these black and brown folks inside that town hall. Number one issue they came up with, we wanna feel safer. We want more cops on our corners. They don't. We want See, people wanna feel safer. It doesn't mean they want more cops. And if they did New York City as the most police in the country, go do an analysis. Be the largest police department in the country. Go an analysis. How many more police do you want? Mayor Adams. You go do an analysis across this city we have in communities of color.


And ask them, I Live in flat. Do you want us to take your police away or do you want more police? I guarantee you you'll be lost to find someone in c About What about resources to that list? Do you want more resources to, to the Root of these issues? That's what people want. Think about the resources. Think about the resources we've done. Think about what we check out what we've done. Check out what we've done. Advocates the far left. They have been calling for summer youth employment for years. We gave 'em a hundred thousand. Never been done before in history. Never. They've been calling for investment in nycha. We put NYCHA as our top program. When I was during, during covid, I was knocking on doors handling our mask to NYCHA residents because the city refused to do so.


And people were saying, why you giving masks to those people? When I was knock on the doors, I would ask the residents how your children doing the school? They said, Eric, we don't even have high speed broadband. I said, when I get elected, we gonna change that. Now NYCHA residents all have free high speed broadband so these children could have access like other children. We are doing the Nicha land Trust. No one was able to do it. We put more people in affordable housing using the voucher system than the history of the program. We've transitioned more people out of shelter into housing in the, in one year in the history of the city. When I went to do an analysis with all of my gang members And I asked them the question, you know, how many of you haven't learning disabilities?


How many of you are dyslexic? And all of your gang members? Yeah, there's a lot of That's what you, that's what you, that's what you decided to characterize them. I meet regular with people who are, you kick it with the gangs. Folks don't want. No, I read, I meet regularly with people who you met up with some drug dealers at Burger King to this. I'm glad you wrote that up. Hold lemme just finish this one piece. 'cause this is important. We noticed when we did the analysis across the country, not only in New York, across the country, 30 to 40% of the, of the inmates in jail and in prison have a learning disability. So when I sat there and went to Chancellor, I said, listen, we can't wait until people thank you until, until people break the law. We did dyslexia screening in our schools and we were able to now catch it and give them the wraparound services they need.


So I wanna talk about Burger King. So I'm sitting at home And I look in the paper, they say there's drug dealers selling drugs in front of Burger King. So I call up the precinct commander And I said, what is this man? We not having open drug markets. He says he, he says, mayor, we did a complete operation buy and bus went to see, you know, what drugs are they selling? Who's selling drugs? He said, these guys are not selling drugs. These guys are homeless. And they just come to fill as though they could be around others. So when I went on Sunday, I went down and did what other people don't do. I spoke with them. I said, brothers, can we sit down and talk? Let me find out how you know what's going on in your lives. We sat in Burger King had a conversation.


Sharp Brothers. So they weren't even drug dealers? No. Okay. They were not drug dealers, they were just homeless brothers that just wanted to be a place where people, they could commun among others like other folks do. When people have dog parks and people sit on the steps of a museum. And so we sat there and had a conversation and we were able to identify what services and, and what I learned from them. You could have all the services you want, but if people don't know the entry ramp to those services, then what good is it? So now we are going to devise the program that they're gonna help me devise on how to reach out to those services, then I want those brothers to become recruiters to go inside the, the shelters.


But you're not gonna do that if you are afraid to get on the ground and have these one-on-one conversation. I've been here, man, you know, I know, I know what it is. To buy a nickel bag and make a joints so mommy can feed herself. I know what it is to run numbers. Yeah. You just lock 'em up. I know what it is to do all those things. So I'm comfortable among my folks. And the problem that a lot of people don't understand is they don't know how authentic I am about this work, but they're gonna look back over it and say, we had a mayor that came from us and delivered for us. Even the billions of dollars that I'm putting into MWBEs that we've never had before, people gonna look back over these years and say, this brother was real about what he's doing, because that's why I'm doing it.


I see You people wrapping up. I, how, how I, two more questions. How do debit cards for migrants compared to New York City welfare benefit? I like that. That's a good question because that was one of the biggest myths And I think the daily news, you see the piece today of saying why this makes sense. So here's what happened. We were paying people because we, by law, we gotta feed them three meals a day. We gotta get feed the migrants three meals a day. When I told the team we spent, we gotta bring down the cost of this by 30%. 'cause it was costing us so much money. $12 billion over three years, $4 billion already. One of the places was food. We were seeing that we were having a 10% food waste. People were getting food that didn't, didn't want, and they discarded.


So my team came together. First Deputy Mayor Sheena Wright, first black woman to be a first deputy mayor. She, she came up with a team called Mofi, an MWBE Black product. They said that we can give people food cards where they can only purchase food and baby supplies. You will save a 60 $600,000 a month. In course people would buy the food that they want and not giving it to them from someone from some large conglomerate. Then they will ha have to spend the cards in the bodegas, the supermarkets, the local stores. So the money stays inside the com community and, and the program is run by a person of a person of color.


We're saving seven mil over $7 million a year. We have no more food waste 'cause people are buying what they want. It's a black-owned company. So we putting money back into a black businesses, like I said, I I, I was going, going to do, and you cannot buy anything but food or baby supplies. It's a complete win. But people heard it and it was sensationalized, oh, you're giving money to migrant. They only get $13 a day for those three meals. It's, it's a winning program. Oh me. Is it a win? Yeah. It's not that I have a problem with it, it's that again, the sensationalism has a lot to do with the fact that you got up and declared that we have this migrant crisis. And I thought it was ear interesting, your earlier point about the difference between how Ukrainian migrants are being received versus migrants black and Latino migrants.


Because again, you gave a town hall where you were the one who gave this speech and, and incent like you incentivized New Yorkers to feel this way. Feel which way? This feel like there is a migrant crisis where the migrants are being treated differently than them. Where they're getting resources, that the migrants are getting resources that are not being given to them. Because you were the one who presented it to the city that you had to cut budgets across because of the migrant crisis. Even though recently the, you decided that you all actually do have the money to handle the migrant issue that just wasn't publicized as much. So this goes back to my original discussion, Sister, you an attorney and you, I, I'm amazed. I think your art is, I'm just gonna throw it out there and, and make people feel Adam before you say there's an entire council counsel that knows your lying. Let me, let me sister, let me, let me, we, we still don't have the money for the migrant.


We spending $12 billion in three years. $4 billion already. What I said to New Yorkers at that town hall, this issue will bankrupt our, will destroy our city. This issue you called Call specific countries. I remember you calling the countries that thes were from, they weren't the Ukrainian migrants. You weren't talking about them. So what happens when We don't have, hold on, sister, sister. I did not call the countries where they were from, from I went To the country. It's on video. I went to Mayor Adams. I went to Ecuador, Columbia, Mexico to get a full understanding of the flow. I went to the southern border just as I went to those brothers in Burger King. I went to the southern border to understand the problem.


I remember you started that tour before you were going to go to go DC and when you were gonna go to DC to buy, to talk to Joe Biden about the migrant crisis. But you were stopped because they had the FBI had to take your phones. Good lord. You just make up stuff. Did I Make that up? That's that's reported the fbi. I didn't seize your phone, sister. The F fbi. I didn't seize your phones. No, but they didn't investigate your top aids. That's not happening. What did you Just say? You, you Just said, I said I remember the tour that you went on when you were going to the border when you were, And I come back did I came back because somebody had Take my phone because it stopped. I said, I remember on the day of, I remember it because it was recorded. But you got back, you got amnesia. Oh, me And the news. Me and the media. No, No. Your phones weren. This isn't, this is important. Okay. This is important. I want you to understand, I want you to understand the hypocrisy of people.


When the law enforcement does something every day, it's bad. But when they do something against Eric Adams, oh, it's good. You know, come on. I didn't say, I said what happened. I didn't say that it was good. I Came bad. I don't Think it's that our mayors being investigated for a legal campaign. I, so I don't think that's, I came back because of, not that they had to take my phones. Mm. That is, that is not true. And you should, I don't, I said it happened that day. I don know. No, it did not happen that day. I said it was reported before you were going, it wasn't reported. Reported wrong Is what you saying, mayor Adam Reported wrong. Where your, did the FBI seizes your phone? Yes. Did they search your top aids? Not that day. Did they search the home of several, several other people? Yes. Okay. Yes. That's what I said.


And I didn't say that was a good thing. I don't think it's good that our mayor is being investigated by the f There fbi. Go. So, so what happens when New York City doesn't have the money for migrants? And then, you know, good question. The migrants are in this city and they probably have to do what most poor people have to do, which is sometimes resort to crime. Right. How is that gonna make the city safe? Right? Right. And and and that's, and that's part of the problem. Imagine having a group of people 18 to 24 years old and it's being told you can't do anything all day. When you go, when you go to these her and you're seeing these young people And I walk in And I talk with them, some of them coming from West Africa, south America, central America, all they're saying is, man, we, we just want to work. We don't wanna sit around here all day and not do anything.


That is why the real focus should be on our national government that's saying, why you doing this in New York? Why you check out what they're doing. They're doing it to New York. They're doing it to Chicago, they're doing it to Los Angeles. They're doing it to Houston. What is the same in all those cities? All black mayors? Mm. All black mayors. And so what we're saying, same thing that I'm going through here. My brother Johnson is going through, my sister bass is going through, my brother Turner is going through. So our folks are what they wanted to happen. Governor Abbott wanted to happen. We're gonna turn these of, of cities against their mayors.


We gonna create this environment where they gonna all going to go against their mayor. Go Google what they doing to my brother in Chicago? Go Google what they doing to sister Bass? So the cities have now turned against these black mayors that are making real change for the first time. Right. Overing black people. And they, and, and, and they're using this to say, okay, these black mayors are not competent. They can't run their cities. They're getting everything to the migrants and asylum seekers. This was a perfectly executed plan that we are buying into to Make black mayors look bad across the country. Exactly. And when we, when we are doing just the opposite, we, we, I inherited a city that was in disarray. Disarray, you know, and you, no matter how much you do your analysis, you gotta walk away with this brother got more private sector jobs in the history of the city.


We reached that point. This brother had his bond rated increase, 40% increase in crime. When I came in. We now dropped those crimes, 13,000 guns removed off our city, outpacing the state in reading and writing for our children in the public schools school system. 62 million tourists are back here. More housing felt vouchers. You go down a list, invest in nycha, you go down a list, you are seeing a brother that managed the city that people said was unmanageable. And we did it in two years, in three months. It's my last question. Do you believe the Biden administration's border policies have fueled the worst border crisis in US history? In, in, in New York? You said New York history or, or in America History. America history.


I Leave. Leave it at New York. New York three. I think it's, well it definitely impacts us, but I think it's an accumulation of what the White House is failing to do. And the Republican led Congress is failing to do. And other administrations people don't want to deal with the fact that we need real immigration reform. Now lemme tell you what this shit look like. Do you know right here in our country where we are decreasing in population in many cities, we're hurting for people in many cities when people come across the border, the national government Just say, you are gonna go to this city where we need populations. Stay there for three years and then you can go anywhere you want in the country. We need to use this crisis as an opportunity. Our cities are hurting in Kentucky. They're hurting for backstretch workers in the racing industry.


We should be saying, you wanna come here, you're gonna go to Kentucky, you're gonna stay for three years. You're gonna learn how to be in the country and work. That's how we should do it. Instead of just saying, go wherever you want. And allowing this to be politicized by the, by the, the governor of of Texas and said, we gonna, now we gonna hurt Chicago, hurt New York, hurt Los Angeles or hurt Philadelphia. We just got a sister who's the, was the, was the elected mayor. The day she was being sworn in. A plane of migrants was coming in. Wow. None of 'em was coming before. Wow. No. Was no Michaels was going to Los Angeles until Bass became mayor. When I, when I, when the first female black mayor became mayor.


When she became mayor, they said, let's start sending, sending them to Los Angeles. They playing us man. They playing us. Wow. You know that I i I respect any elected official who can come have this conversation. 'cause these are the tough questions From you're constituents. Yeah. Without a doubt. Without a doubt. You know, what Can y'all do to work together? We, we should. Yeah. You, you, because no matter because Both of y'all care. Yeah. Without a doubt. And you know, that's an interesting you said that because when I was, when I was in, you know, I'm in rooms with folks And I walk out of those rooms And I say, you know what? We both disagree, but we both love the city and love our people. We have to separate the 10% of disagreement and focus on the 90% that we agree.


You agree that our children should be educated. You agree that those brothers, when they get sisters, when they get out of, of Rikers, should come out better than what they went in. You agree that we should be saved. You agree that no mother should have to lose their child to over Policing or to someone who is discharging a gun. You, we agree on many things. The 10% that we don't agree on, then listen, let's debate that. But there's, there's 90% of the stuff we agree that black women should be able to go through their school system and get into some of these employments like five first mayor in history that have five women, deputy mayors, first mayor in history.


Dominican, Filipino, African American, Trinidadian, you know, first man history that has a person of color. That's the police commissioner, correction commissioner, first man history that have done so many things. I know retrospectively I'm gonna be appreciated as a mayor that lived up to what I said I was going to do. I'm not gonna do that now. You know, people always crap on us when we in the ring, but when my, when my gloves are hung up, people gonna look at, listen, that wasn't authentic Baldheaded earring wearing brother that did his thing. As the mayor of the city of New York. The most important city on the globe is being run by a person who was dyslexic, arrested, rejected.


And now I'm elected. Be the mayor of the city. Well, there You have it. It's Mayor Eric Adams. Ole Me Ola Yummy O Lauren. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta, How do I make a latte Through Two Shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. It's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms Inc.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Take a deep dive Into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, The news agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala, and me, John Sopel with Global's award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and the news agent's USA listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.