
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


ABC Wednesday, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears. Dad, I am broke And I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So A couple of days when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversations. The wheels come off. Can We try to talk to each other like rational Adults? Have you watch the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. Series Premier Wednesday, eight seven Central on a, B, C and Stream on Hulu.


The following is a high five moment from high five. Casino dot com. I one. Woo. Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army SART High five casinos. The social Casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go by. Win free spins, cash prizes, free down rewards over 1200 games I want. Again. Platoon. Present cell phone. High five. High five. Casino. Casino. Win at high five Casino com and download the High five, high Five Casino type high Five Casino.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess on maternity leave so long La Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. You about to mess up so many people heads 'cause they gonna be in they car. Like, am I listening to the right station? You got the brother Ricky Smiley here. Hey, welcome brother man. Thank you for having me man. How you feeling man? I'm feeling good man. It's a dream to be here. Stop it. I I bro, I lay in the bed And I sit here And I just scroll and watch all y'all videos. I've been a fan for years. I I I, I wanna say something before we get started with the conversation, man. I saw Ricky a couple weeks ago. I saw him in New Orleans Yeah.


At the Inspire No Love event. Yep. And I went up to him And I said something that I'm gonna say now. I wanna, I wanna publicly apologize. I was just About to ask that To, to Ricky Smiley because several years ago I gave Ricky Smiley Donkey of the Day because a a a radio executive asked me to. Yeah. And you didn't deserve that brother. Thank you. And so I told, when I saw you, I I I told you that, you know, And I wanted Just say that again publicly, because I feel like if you, if you do something to somebody publicly Absolutely. That you don't agree with, you should publicly apologize for it. So I want to, I wanna say that to everybody, all our listeners. I want to, I want them to hear me say that you didn't deserve that. And I wanna apologize to you again. I, I, I appreciate that man. The, the, the, the first time when, when you walked up Army man, your energy man.


The love and the respect. It, it takes a, you know, a a big person. And I, I know that it was all part of the game because we have a mutual, one of your employees is one of my mentees. Who? And Big Mac. Mac. Mac. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Max Ross as an intern. Oh yeah. He told us as an intern and, and Yeah. Got to where he Is. Well I put him on stage. I'm the first one to put him on stage. That's dope. We'll talk about that. 'cause I put a lot of them on stage. Yeah. He gave a lot of comics there. Start or whatever. I've been in the game 35 years. But I really appreciate that man. And, and don't feel no kind way about it. I didn't take it personally, but, you know, it takes a special kind of person to, to apologize and, and stuff like that. And I thought nothing of it because if, if I thought anything bad, I wouldn't even be here.


Alright. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. But I, I love you. I appreciate you man. I think you're doing a fabulous job. I met you at the White House. Yep. I was excited about that. Yeah. Yeah. And I hear you in Florida all the time. You myself, We see each other on the road every once in a while. I see you on, on the road as well. You, It's a pleasure meeting you. That's nice to Meeting you too. And I was gonna start that, but now we ain't even gotta go there. 'cause I was gonna ask at one time. Now we, everybody was throwing shots And I was like, I'm just glad that it wasn't No everybody, it was mine shot Back too. We shot, I don remember We from the south, we can go outside and just wrestle. Wrestle. Not at this big age. He Might Not at this big age. He might have called You short Wrestle. Now somebody might not get up. Okay. Yeah. I might pull something that might Yeah. I done got up there.


Rickey might have called you short. Baldheaded, fake boys chest. We all got so many mutual people, you know what I'm saying? Whether Mr. Harvey, whether his little do ball, whether it max. So it's just like, what are we doing? Oh, that's Right. You. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We getting older. We don't have, we don't have time. That's right. Well you got a New Book out right now. Yes, sir. Side show. Yes, sir. Side show. Now talk about what, what's, what's, what's side show about. Okay. You know the song that your parents, everybody parents Let the side sideshow begin. That's right. Hurry her. It's about a sad clown. Right. My job as a professional comedian is to go on stage and make people laugh. And I lost my son about a year and a half ago. And it's been hard because the bills don't stop coming.


I'm still a performer. Right. I still have to go on stage. And I had to, to dig deep and get in some real deep therapy to get myself together so I can continue as a performer. 'cause if I worked at, you know, Amazon lifting boxes are, are delivering packages, that's one thing. But when your job is to make people laugh when you're crying on the inside with the trauma that I experienced, it's, it is, it's, that's what the song sideshow talk about. You know, see the man with a broken heart. You can see that he is sad. It hurts so bad. See the girl who collect broken hearts at souvenir, it's, it's all about a clown in a circus performing, but dealing with stuff on the inside.


I've Watched you grieve out loud online. And the only reason I don't, I don I I don't like that It has nothing to do with how you feel. Yeah. I know how people react. Yeah. And when you already dealing with something, when you already dealing with trauma and then you give it to people online, then they come at you. How did that, how do you deal with that? Oh no. It, it didn't bother me. Charlamagne. My job was, I had to help other people because the reason I was open with it is a lot of mothers out there that lost their 18-year-old, 17-year-old, 16-year-old, 15 year. My son was 32 when we were in New Orleans. Your books, your book signing was right after mine. And I, I had a couple that had lost their 2-year-old.


Right. Wow. And these are, that's some of the things that I talk about in the book. It gave me, it, it, it gives you glimmers of hope and the glimmers of inspiration even during our traumatic times. Right. So my son was 32, but this couple sitting out here crying at my book sign and their son was only two. Wow. And I could have lost my son at two, but God allowed me to have, you know, 30 years, 32 years. So you get a little gratitude from that. And it's crazy that you can get gratitude from something like that. Yeah. You know, and you start looking at, it's a helpful too, the book is a helpful tool for people that's going through the grief process because it's a lot of people out there. And my book signing has been packed with people that have lost their kids.


How do you still believe Right. The Baldwin books too in New Orleans. Yeah. Yeah. How do you still believe, right? You talk about losing your father at the age of six. Right. And then you lose your, your son. How do you just not say, you know what, there is no higher power. How do you still remain focused and still have belief and still have hope and still have all of that with going through the pain that you've gone through? You know, I grew up in Birmingham, man. So, you know, I got that old Southern Christian background. That's right. I went to Sunday school every Sunday. So I just have some, some strong beliefs in a close relationship with God because it was nothing in nobody to lean on. I was in an apartment in Dallas, Texas by myself. You know, when I found out that my son passed And I had an hour and a half, I had an hour to make it to the airport.


Mm. And I'm packing a bag and on the phone with my other kids, let, letting them know what happened. Wow. And trying to get myself together and preparing myself to lead because my family needed me. I, you know, it didn't really hit me until a year later. Right. But at that time, my son has a mother and a, a wonderful stepfather. So I had to protect them. I had to protect my mother, who was really close to my son because my mother, you know, recovering addict, my mother had 35 years clean. Had to protect her because they had a real special relationship because she could identify with a struggle. Then I had to protect my other kids.


I had two kids in college getting ready to graduate college. You know, my daughter that got shot, she was a senior in college, getting ready to graduate from Baylor. And then I had my son graduating Alabama State and then my oldest daughter. So just trying to get them and being calm. Say, Hey, here's what happened. Or Brandon didn't make it, I need you to meet me at the house immediately. Just real calm. I need you to text me, let me know that you're on your way. Text me when you let me know you. Just, all of that. I had to be calm, I had to be cool. I had to get in the car with my uncles who was crying. I had to turn the radio on the r and b station. I had to turn on Frankie, Beverly and Mays to go from the airport to house. I'm comforting them.


Right. Because it reminded them of my dad's death. Right. And so, I'm just a child man that sat on the front row and watched my grandparents go through what they went through. And through my grandfather, I learned how to handle this situation because that's how my grandfather handled it as well. Did you ever 'cause losing somebody, especially someone so close, your son can it, it changes you. Did you ever, at first when you were trying to get to that like Emini here, I guess I get through it, I don't know if you ever get through it fit. Were you, were you afraid that when you got back on stage that first time that like you just, it wouldn't be the same. Like your ability to kind of push through and make people laugh wouldn't be the same? Nah, you know, Charlemagne one thing about funny, it don't change.


That's right. Yeah. When you, when you get, you find something to laugh at. Especially in trauma. Yeah. When your ass hit that stage, man jokes come. Them jokes. Like when you get somebody on the front row laughing, I cry all the way up. My first show was in Cleveland at the Harris Casino. And I cried from the hotel all the way to the venue all the way backstage. Blew my nose, did like that. Made sure my nose was clean and walked on stage and got them jokes and cried after I got off stage. And you know, I was calm. But I've been in therapy. I was getting therapy twice a week. So I was prepared to go on stage again. My son died on a Sunday. That Wednesday I was back on the radio and they said, take as much time as you need.


Well either you lay in the bed and think about all of that, or you get your ass up and go do your morning show, go do your radio show. Because all the mothers in Chicago and in Columbia and in Charleston and in Atlanta all over the country, their kids died too much is given much is required. You can't cancel the show. God put you in this position and put you in a leadership position and you have to leave. And I still went to the Salvation Army like I do on a regular basis. I fed the homeless with my son clothes in the car to go to the funeral home. That was a dark Wednesday. Wow. Wow. I, I'll never forget it.


You have to do it. Everything. All of this stuff. And I don't want you to ever forget this. All of this stuff. Envy is a test. It's a test. Our pastors been teaching us that for years. It's a test. God is watching you through your struggles, through your trials and tribulations and looking at you, seeing how you're gonna handle this. Are you gonna make it about you? Are you going to use this situation to help other people? But I st I was still smart enough to go ahead and get the help that I needed in the process because I had to get therapy because it's trauma. It's a bad car accident. How do you, how do you think you would've been reacting without the, without the therapy? Oh man, I probably would've been dead.


I had, my son was a, you know, my son was a comic. No, I know that. Shout Emini here. My son was a comedian. I'll, I'll send you some clips. My son, man, I remember my son headlined his first gig at the Star do in Birmingham. And I walked backstage. He was by his himself. He had on some shit. He had on some, some black pants. And I was roasting him because he had on a white shirt and some, and some suspenders and a black belt. I was like, what year was he here? Oh, That nigga, what you got on?


He Said, oh dang, you told me the dress. And I said, okay, you look nice. I said, but I said, I said, yeah, Whatever. And he went on stage and performed And I stood backstage And I, I, I watched him perform and he had a really good set. And he was doing headlining shows. He had just started, you know, closing shows. Man, he was funny. He had a kind of, like a sense of humor. And he was being mentored by Roy Wood Jr. Wow. You know, their clothes, you know, Roy, we all came from Birmingham, same radio station, all that stuff. So Roy was giving him some opportunities and one time, now this is the funniest shit, he was on stage performing. So he had stayed at my house, fucking left some clothes on the dryer. You know, he took the clothes out of the washing machine, put it in the dryer, and then he took all the clothes and put the shit on top of the dryer.


I was mad as hell, you know, 'cause I like you to clo you know, fold your stuff up and put your man. I went to the comedy club. He was performing, he was on stage And I didn't care 'cause I was mad. I went into the DJ booth and got on the microphone and said, when you get your ass off stage, you need to come fold these damn clothes. Oh my God. And we got into a whole argument and the audience was cracking up And I was for real. And he was laughing it off and said, yeah, when you get off stage, you come home and get these damn clothes off my drive. Hilarious. Slammed the microphone. Ran and walked out the door. Funny. That's some funny stuff Right. That I, that I always enjoy talking about. But Yeah. How has it been like, you know, 'cause when you write these books, you put a lot of, you know, you put your most vulnerable, deepest thoughts into these books, and then you gotta go out here and do this.


Yep. You gotta have these conversations. Yeah. How has, how's that been for you? I've gotten used to it. Okay. You know, once you know how it is, once you do one interview, you do another interview, you keep doing interviews, you just get accustomed to talking about it. And then you develop some really good talking points that's gonna help other people. Because what people been telling me is the feedback that I've been getting is, Hey bruh, it is been helping me out. You know how many people walk up to me and said that they lost a loved one and they can't talk about it. And just because they hear you on the radio every morning, now they coming out to your book sign. I have people walking up crying. Almost 90% of the people that come out about the book have suffered a loss and can't talk about it and do not go to therapy.


So I've been promoting therapy because when you roll your ankle, you don't pull out a bible. You go to the doctor. Go To the doctor. That's right. Absolutely. The muscle, the brain is a muscle just like your ankle. Why is it that we, black folks has a, has this stigma that we won't go get help. That don't mean that you're crazy. You have to get somebody and talk to somebody that's gonna help you process those feelings and emotions. Because you can go into depression, start affecting other organs in the body. Some people don't make it from, from their loss. They die. You know, so. Well, a lot of times people, you know, we, we've been taught as kids, you keep home the home business in the house. Right. You never really talk about what happens in inside your house.


But like you said, that winds up killing you. Absolutely. That depression, that anxiety, all those facts, all those feelings, Every time you cry in, do you know that's like popping the cap off of a pressure cooker. You release him. Yeah. I cried this morning. Yeah, man. I sat on, I sat on the side of my hotel bed. I was having some anxiety. I called a good friend of mine. She answered the phone. When I heard her voice, I just started crying, bro. I I just let it out. I just cried. I just needed to just cry. It was, I, I filled it building up yesterday And I just started crying. And the changing of the seasons, you know, that, that affects you. I think they calling it seasonal. Seasonal depression. Seasonal depression. Yeah. I've been, I've been dealing with anxiety and depression for, for my whole life. And I started going to therapy in 2016.


And when I wrote a book about it in 2018, my dad read the book And I had a cousin who completed suicide that week. And my dad told me that it was the week of Thanksgiving 2018. I'm home in South Carolina. And he told me that between reading my book and my cousin completing suicide, he told me for the first time ever that he was going to therapy two and three times a week that he tried to kill himself 30 plus years ago. And that in, in South Carolina, they put him on 10 to 12 different medications for his, for his mental health. And I remember I asked my mom, I said, mom, you know, dad was going through all this. And she said, I thought he was playing crazy to get a check because that's what they're doing to soft. They give you the crazy, the crazy check. Right, right. But imagine if he would've had that conversation with me when I was young. Exactly. He just told me that the con the, the way we're discussing it right now.


Right. Imagine if we heard, you know, older men in our life, having that conversation early, we'd have known that the stuff we was going through was normal. Yeah. My granddad never talked about it. My dad died. My dad was 26. My granddaddy didn't talk about it until he was like 85 Mm. Because he would be at my house all the time, you know. And I was sitting, I say, granddaddy, what happened? My dad died here in New York. You know, my dad died of a drug overdose here in New York. And my granddaddy was like, he just started telling me, he was like, I was there when they bought your dad's body in. And I stood there like a man, I was standing in the mark when they rolled my son's body in there. Mm. Like, like I took that shit like a GI didn't shed a tear. I just made sure everything was done properly.


You know, bought the barber in, told the barber how I want my son mustache and beard done. And I stood right there And I took it. But all of that stuff You cried in the car though. It, it is the, it it hadn't really, really hit me yet. It is coming out in, in small pieces like this morning. Right. Maybe this morning was, was some of it. And I, I didn't cry at the funeral because my, my granddaughter was looking at me. Mm. The whole time was like peekaboo Because she didn't know what was going on. What I'm saying, You know, the whole while, you know, she looking at me, we playing because, you know, And I just had that memory of my grandparents crying at Ricky.


Have you dealt with it then? Because it, it doesn't seem like you fully, You dealing with it, it's a Process dealing with Yeah. Selling guess. Yeah. You dealing with it. It's a process, bro. You know. Did you ever Think about just giving away, just stopping, you know, like, I don't wanna do this anymore. Was that ever a mind? No. No. Man, we, we gotta save people, man. My my listen, some have to die so others can live. Mm. You understand. And, you know, no cross, no crown bro. We have to go through what we have to go through and we have to talk about it. And I'm just trying to break the generational curse of number one, not talking about it, not going and getting therapy and getting help and to talk about, you know, drug addiction.


You know, I had a son and a nephew, age 32 and a niece. I had a niece, a son, a nephew, all died at age 32 within two years of each other. Can you talk a little bit about that? Like just in real time when they were here dealing with the addiction and trying to help them through it and like also wanting them to get better, but addiction, understanding that like, it kind of takes over where it's not, it's not even just them anymore. Like it's kind of Yeah. It's a big beast. Yeah. The only thing I regret, I didn't have a good understanding of the illness because I had a, a niece and a nephew that was cool and calm and respectful. Well it didn't affect my son that way. You know, my son would, would go off about stuff, you know, and it, it damaged our relationship.


Mm. Or whatever. 'cause I didn't understand like, hey, I'm your dad. You can't say that to me. You know, I'm driving around looking for you to fight you in the middle of the street. You know, I raised you, I cooked food for you. You know what I'm saying? I washed your clothes. You slept in the bed with me when the thunder like, don't say that to me. You know? So I just didn't have a, a clear understanding of that. But I did everything I could to to, to save, to save his life. Did you ever blame yourself at all? Oh no. That's one thing I never felt, I never felt guilt. Now, you know, I felt a lot of stuff, but guilt was not one of them. I did everything I could as a father to save his life. You know, rehab is 70 grand off the bat, boom. Like, like, you know, we did that twice and, and you know, my mom was trying to help him.


I just couldn't, I just couldn't get him. I just couldn't get him to get him. Well, would You do anything different as a, as a dad during any of those times? And the reason, reason I'm asking, you know, I have six, so I like to That's that's a good question. I wasn't tough on him. He was the one that I coddle. I was tough on my other kids. Like, I like the other kids was like, I was just really, really, really, really tough on them. And he was the one that I just kind of coddled and did everything for and took it well because that's my firstborn or whatever. I just wish that I was tougher. I know that sounds strange because it sounds like I should say I should have been easier on him.


I was easy on him. I should have been tougher on him. Like I was the other kids. What Do we call tougher though? Because I, you know, we come from the era. I was getting beat with extension cords and my daddy made me go take a bath. I gotta go. That's switch. That's abuse. I don't beat my kid. I don't even touch my kids at all. Right. So what do you call a tougher, I just wouldn't give him, you know, I, I, I don't think I popped Brandon. I, I hit him, popped him a couple of times when he was about 14. Yeah. Made him go stand in the corner and go do that little little thing right there. I'm gonna make sure those legs and those cameras straight. You know what I'm saying? I didn't, by the time I started getting tough on him, it was time for him to go off to college, you know.


But the other kids, like Malik went to military school, then he went to IMG Academy or whatever. So he had a military mindset And I think that's what, but I tried to do that for Brandon 'cause I sent him to the National Guard, you know what I'm saying? So my son served, he had a flag draped over his cousin because he served our country. But I just think I caught on him a little too much. Yeah. That and just loved on him. And he was the one I loved on, hugged on, you know, and just up under me all the time. Yeah. I don't, it, it is hard when you a parent nowadays, like I said, because the era we grew up in, I be talking to my 9-year-old, like she a basketball player. Like, but you wouldn't have survived in the nineties. You couldn't have, you couldn't have played in the nineties getting but, but my grandma and my mama and daddy was going to meet.


Right. Please Come on. But, but the key is, it is good that you talk to her with that coach voice. Yeah. Because we have to give kids more of what we had as opposed to what we didn't have. That's right. That's right. You know what I'm saying? You like who you are, you like how you turned out. Right. Give that same thing to your kids. Right. And I, that's the evolved Version of, of you I'm sure. Right. And I like, and through therapy, I, I've learned to love every version of me. Right. I think that's what you gotta do in life. You know, like every version of you serve the purpose. Absolutely. Yeah. And, and chapter 12 of your book, it's Let the tears fall. And you said that it took you a year to, for, for all of this to really like, hit you. Yeah. What was that day like when you were like, Hmm, I'm feeling it like that first time where it Was like, man, that, that one year anniversary, a few days before that one year anniversary, man, it hit me.


Like he had just died And I was sitting, I had just got off the air. I was down in south Florida because I didn't want to be in the house for that one year anniversary. I just wanted to go get away. And man, it hit me man. And I was, I did some crying And I, I think, I think it was a bad mistake for me to be there by myself, but I just kind of sat on a couch and just cried pretty much for a couple of days. Like, like really cried because the only difference was I didn't have a casket and some flowers and some condolences. Right. I had all of that to keep me distracted during when it actually happened. I had to protect everybody.


But that one year came in and it was like, it was terrible. What about the chapter when addiction chases the bloodline? Was that difficult to write? 'cause you know, you gotta go through your whole generational lineage. Yeah. With that, was that a difficult chapter write? Nah, it wasn't. It was just being, being open and honest. My dad struggled. My mom struggled. I had wonderful grandparents. My granddad talked to me every day. Church, Sunday school, you know, Hey, here's a trumpet play that, here's some piano lessons. Let's go do that. Lilly from Lilly, I did trumpet, little league football did it all my grandparents kept me busy with the discipline and instruction, talked to me every day. So I didn't have to, I didn't have those issues. And then he always talked about how my dad died.


So don't do this. Mm. So I, I just stuck with it. And to this day, I don't drink or smoke. I always wonder how grief impacts people who lost their parents at a very, very, very young age. Does it hit you later in life? Do you see somebody out with their parents and, and it hit you? Like, what is it It did when I was, when I was a kid. But, but what what hurt me about my dad's death was watching my grandparents cry like that on the front row. I'm in therapy for that. That comes up in therapy. That, that wipes me out. Why? That wipes me out more than my son's death. Why? I'm, I'm, I'm a grandmama's baby. Like you understand. You from the south, like watching my grandparents cry like that on their front row.


Man, I I I can't get over it. Yeah. Even when my grandparents died, the only thing I I could think about their casket was in the same spot My dad's cats was. The only thing I could think about was them crying on, on that front row April the 11th, 1974. Wow. I will never forget it, man. It, it, it just, it tears my soul outta my body. I can deal with my son's death. But that's, that's what I struggle with more than anything. Wow. And that's why I didn't cry at my son's funeral because my granddaughter was watching me And I don't her. Oh, You didn't wanna traumatize her like thatt her like that. Wow. Yeah. Dang boy. Yeah. Life is a motherfucker. She cry. I'm sitting up here talking about this because we about to all start crying. I wanna, But that's what I don understand about.


That's, that's why, that's why I noticed. Like just putting this out there to The World and having to relive all these stories, retell these stories. Is it therapeutic or does it feel like you opening up all more, man, This, this is therapy. Because if I go and get in that car and start crying, that is helpful. It is helpful to cry. It was helpful for me to cry this morning. You understand? I'm, I'm good. But I also think what you're doing is helping people that don't know how to deal with it. Yeah. And can't talk about it. Because now they have a friend in you in this book and they're saying, well, let me see how Ricky dealt with it. Let me see what the troubles he's going through. It is normal. I can feel this way. 'cause a lot of times people feel like they're on their own. Yeah. And they don't have those feelings. So that's, that's one amazing thing about this, this book. Well, let's talk about something else for a second. Yeah.


You put on a lot of comedians, Ricky, And I think that coming from the South, right. People don't re I don't think people realize how big you are sometimes like this, you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't think they realize how, how much money you got, number one. But also I wish how rich you are and just how big you are. And I, And I think it's, it's a, it's almost a stigma with comedians from the south. Like they don't get to respect that they deserve, I think. Yeah. I, I just do it for the love of the art. Charlemagne Envy. I remember cussing d Ray Davis out snatching the drink outta his hand because he was too young to be drinking. Hey, gimme that. You know, I had a little comedy club back in Birmingham called the Cornerstone. So I would, I would have like d Ray Corey Holcomb, Corey Holcomb was like, Hey man, I ain't never been outside of Chicago.


I was like, okay, cool. Let's go on the road. You know, I would take those guys on the road, Corey Holcomb, d Ray Davis, a lot of them man, that, that Tyler, some of them have passed away. You know, I would just take 'em on the road and help 'em because that's what Steve did for me. You know, nobody have to, don't nobody have to fool you. You know what I'm saying? Some people can just ignore you. Steve was one of those guys, man that was helping in training s that I started November the 13th, 1989. Wow. That's the first time I went on stage. I met Steve before he did Showtime at the Apollo. And then tell your story. I wrote about it in my first book and just talk about the discipline and the structure of, of, of comedy.


I was dressed like a, like flavor flave. 'cause I thought that was the thing. And I'm doing a show with Steve. And Steve was like, listen, he said, people pay money to see us perform. Your outfit is nice. He said, but tomorrow I want you to come dress better. I want you to dress Okay. He said, I want you to dress nice. You know, Bruce Ayers, the owner was standing in the door watching. I was embarrassed. I felt bad. I felt like my career was over. You know, my feelings were hurt. I was like, oh shit, you know, I don't wanna blow an opportunity with Steve Harvey, man. He said, you can go ahead and introduce me. He said, but tomorrow, let's get it together. Said Yes sir. You know, because you can't say nothing nowadays. You can't correct nowadays 'cause everybody's sensitive.


I said, y'all don't give it up and show your love right now. But Steve Harvey Queen, I'll never forget it. Queen Lat would come on for the love of money off that new Jack City soundtrack. Yes sir. And he came up, I'm talking about it was electrifying. I wanted to stay there and watch man. I ran out that damn comedy club door. I jumped in my 1979 Toyota Corolla. Four speed. I peeled outta that comedy club driver. I drove all way across town, ran in my apartment, woo. Put on a suit I had bought from Gene West because I used to work at Gene West, you know, put my suit on, boom tie. And I'm running, driving back. I made it back to the comedy club just in time. When I walked back in today. He was like, all right, y'all been wonderful. God bless y'all.


My name's Steve Harvey. Peace. And when I walked back up there and had that suit on, nah, nigga, not tomorrow, tonight. That's what's up right now. What Steve Said to you when he saw you. So, So, so he dapped me up and he, you know how he do pushed, He pushed talk about, you know, he pushing, He let me up and down and he said, he said, I'm gonna talk to you after the show. I said, yes sir. And Steve's anointed man. Oh my God. I don't care what nobody said. You know, after the show he said, follow. He said, follow this car right here. I followed him back to his hotel room. I sat on the edge of the bed and took a little notepad in the pencil and he lectured me for about two hours. Mm. And me and another comedian sat on the edge of the bed and wrote notes how to do this.


Why not do this? You did this joke wrong. Why are you cussing on stage? Why are you dressed like this? Mo t at and t is in the audience. You need to do this. Da da da. I took all that stuff. I took it serious because I wanted to be great. I wanted to be better at, at what I did. And I ended up opening up for the Kings of Comedy. I did some shows where I did a few dates with the Kings of Comedy. You had to ride with Steve. Yeah. You don't get your own limousine, you have to ride with him. So you have to be disciplined. Get in the limousine, keep your mouth closed, slide all the way up. Put your back to the driver. Speak When spoken to, had to share a dressing room with Steve. We frat brothers, but I'm not ever comfortable enough just because you are a q and I'm a q I'm finna come in here like I'm entitled.


Be quiet and speak when spoken to. That's the discipline I got from my grandparents. Who's the other comedian on the bed with you? I was going probably Sir Walt. Oh sir Wal, yeah. A comedian that lives in Birmingham. Sir Walt. And he was mentoring a lot of us, but he was really into teaching. Come over here, I'm sitting down, I'm thinking Emini here. We sitting there, he's standing up, walking back and forth and he's talking to us. And, And I remember a couple of times I was about to nod off 'cause I was so sleepy because I go to bed early and, but that, that, that was something that was life changing. What You still like that? I changed the title of my first book 'cause of Steve, which money? I was gonna name my book. I don't give a Fuck. And neither should you a self-help guide on how not to give a fuck. Wow. And we was driving around that in a ranch in Georgia.


And I told him that title and he looked at me and he said, I gave you that Look. No, no playing. That ain't it. He said, that's the problem with y'all. Y'all don't give a fuck. We need to, y'all need to give a fuck. He said, our people need to give a fuck. Right. And he, same thing lecturing me for about an hour. And I'm like, all right, I got it. You ain't Yeah, big Brother Mentor. I was supposed to be on his morning show and we had a big argument sitting in his truck and then Rashaan got on the phone and said, no, you need to do your own thing. We gonna use nephew, Tommy. He said, you go over here. If it don't work out, you can come be on the show with us. Wow. So hold on. You supposed to be a, a co-host on Steve Harvey show. So Steve was gonna give me, when Steve left Radio one, they said, who do you think they said?


He said, Ricky Smiley. So I went down there to do the morning show with Steve for two weeks so he could gradually, Hey, turn the show over to me. Hey, I'm gonna be gone in two weeks. But Ricky Smiley gonna be taking over. The chemistry was so good and we were so funny. I was just throwing him all kind of alley. Oops. Making him recycle jokes. And we were just so funny on the air together. We looking at each other like, Hey man, we need to, we need to, you know, and me and Steve had, we was like, okay, we going, we gonna stick together. I'm I'm, I'm gonna go to New York with you. And we got in the car, Rashan, our other frat brother who was Steve Manje. I know. Rash. Rash. Yeah. You know, Rashan Rashan said, hell no. He said no, you know, I just have this idea that you should go over here.


We gonna bring in n you tummy and, and if it don't work out you can always come back. But let's give this a try. Let's see how you do. Was that tough to hear that? 'cause you, because think about it. Like you go to New York with Steve Harvey, it's like you set for what you think. Was it hard to accept that? No, you shouldn't do it? Nah, it wasn't because once Steve look gave me that look when he did the fawn and he just kind of, you know that look. That's right. You know that look when he gave you that, that big brother look like, okay, we gonna go ahead and you, you're not gonna argue with him. Right? Who do you do that for? That Emini here? 'cause you talk a lot about people that you mentor and that you help. But like who's somebody that you do that for that like we might not know about that might have started in your clubs or just unknown and now is like taking over comedy wise.


Oh man. Lil Duval with somebody that I, that I have a real good relationship with that I was doing some, you know, mentorship.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime Video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon Music has got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The Following is a high five moment from high five Casino dot com. Welcome to Burger Yippy. Would you like a high apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah. I want Woohoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I this one big time playing High five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily reward. Over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your High five moment today? Download the High Five app or visit high five Casino dot com. High five Casino was a social Casino. No purchase necessary. We prohibit to play responsibly conditions. Apply to website for details. High five Casino.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Because remember I was the host of Coming View in 2000. That's Right. So you was a lot of people mentored just by being on that show, right? Yeah. Right. That's what, that's what 85 South Show Said 85 South. They told me I saw that. I'm tripping like, like Carlos Miller was like, bro, I'm, I met you when I was 14 years old. You was in a hotel. I got excited. I'm hearing these stories and stuff, man. Not realizing the impact on comedy. 'cause I'm on BET Monday through Saturday. Right? Like when, when Comic View really blew up. It was in Atlanta and then I hosted again Charlemagne in 2004. And then the year after 2000, 2001, I had my own little TV show. The way we do it, us first time, you know, And I was doing all these characters and all these voices and, and and all this kind of stuff.


And so when comics needed help and needed mentorship, I would always, you know, Hey dress nice. Hey stop cursing. Does that curse word make that joke funny? Are you cursing? Just to be cursing? That's a real thing. I just had that conversation with a comic. I said, Hey man, you curse too much. The cursing is not making the joke funnier, but if the curse word is a part of the punchline, then use it. I said because it's like I give the onion example like it like you eat a onion, that's nasty, but if you take it and chop it up and saute it and put some flour on it and you're still eating an onion but you can't taste it. That's right. It just an analogy that I use with comic And I make them redo the joke And I was like, damn, you did the same joke and got the same laugh.


Got a bigger laugh. 'cause people are not offended. Right. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, it's, it's, it's no training in standup anymore. You know, back then in the eighties, late eighties, nineties, comic would pull you to the side. Mark Curry and them, they would pull you. George Wallace got on my ass so bad one night. Why You were bombing or what? No, man, I did some jokes behind him after he closed, after he headlined the show. I didn't know any better. He said, you don't do them damn jokes after me. He said, God dammit, I'll make one phone. Call your career over damn a motherfucker. I said, I'm sorry. He said, yeah, you, you say goodnight, read the announcement and bring your ass back tomorrow. I said, yes sir. Damn. Wow. And I came on back.


He was nice to me the next night. And he won't admit it to this day. I said, joy, you remember? He said, I didn't do that shit. Shut up. But, but it was good. I needed that shit. If I got a boo in my nose, tell me don't let me be out here bad. Put me to the side and help me. But you Can't even do it. You feel like you do that nowadays. And somebody will be like, oh man, he threatened me, yo. No, he hurt my feelings. He hate me. He hate he insulted me, offended me. It's like, What? Man, I tell comics man, because that's the only way. Ask Corey Holman, ask d Ray Davis. I used to get at them all the time about little stuff, man. I'm like, Hey man, you, you, I think D Ray was 19 or 20 when I bought him to Birmingham.


I said, you can't drink nothing. You can't have that. Gimme that fussing at him about little stuff, man. And now he's great and we laugh about it all the time. He just gonna always be my little brother or whatever. They all come to the house. If you ever come to Birmingham, you know you're welcome. I cook my ass off or whatever. So that hundred thousand square house. Hundred acres of land, hundred acres, I wish. Yeah. Right. Y y'all always welcome. Now, now There was a rumor that in your contract and said that you had to wear a dress. Oh man, I don't pay that stuff. I don Damn man. You, you shoulda have put you, you just bit into the onion. You ain't put no fly on you, you ain't or nothing. God Damn. And so, so, so, so I'm, I then I started doing comedy 89.


Man, you think there's a contract somewhere? I'm just messing with you. I I knew it. Oh, I know that. That didn't bother me. What bother me was was people believed it. Oh yeah, they did. Because it's always been that thing about the wear the dress, the not wear the dress. The It's comedy. Yeah. Listen, it is comedy. I grew up watching Flip Wilson. Yeah. Flip Wilson is the greatest of all time. And, and and right when you laughing at Little Wilson, he turned around to do Geraldine, me and my Grand. I'm gonna sit there and watch that with my grandmother. My characters came, man. I was doing prank phone calls on the radio. I was doing Bernie Jenkins and whoever would've thought a character that you do on the radio calling funeral homes and all this stuff turn into a character and somebody ask you to play the character in a movie or whatever.


You know, it is funny that all that stuff is is, is taboo now. They Do that in Philly. Mother knows they do it on Power Nine Nine. You ever heard it? Nah. And they do the calls. I just thought about that when you said it. I don't know if they got it from you, but mother know they prank call people all the time. But yeah, That's a thing in radio. Everybody do prank mother knows it. I started out listening to the Jerky Boys. Yeah, absolutely. And then Roy Crank Yanks. Remember Crank Yankees? Yeah. Crank Yanks Roy Mercer. But the characters developed. I do, I do a redneck character. I do ert, I do Bernie Jenkins, I do Joe Willie. I have a gospel quartet. Joe Willie and the Deutero Nas, you know little guy group is crazy. I do Lil Darryl. Lil Darryl. Yeah. Precious. I do a lot of characters. I'm I'm, I'm talented.


I play the trumpet, I play the French horn, I play the bass guitar. I play the tuba. I'm a organist. I play the beat three Hammond at church on Sundays. You know what I'm saying? I study music. I, I'm, I'm just multi-talented and you can't make everybody like you. I have never did anything, had any beat with any kind. I had one beat with a coming and it was a quiet beat for 20 years. And that was ar Jay, me and ane Jay could not freaking stand each other. We had Why? Because a show happened and you know, communists get there early and go on first. You know, ane had got there and didn't do the order or either something happened, but we had beef.


Nobody knew about it. Right, right. Lemme show you how God worked. Nobody knew about it. Covid came, I'm sitting on Delta. I'm in Fort Lauderdale airport, getting ready to fly to Atlanta where I could drive home, you know, And I see a dude getting on a plane with a mask on. He got fishing rods. Well who Fish? Arne sj, Lavelle Crawford. And what's my man? Shadiq Houston. Those are the, the three comics that really fish. They fish fish, they go fish. I said, that's Arnie sj. I ain't spoke to Arne SJ in 20 years. And so I got up and he was sitting right next to me and he sat right next to me. I didn't say nothing. Oh, that's God, God was testing you.


I I, I saw his eye. I said, I know that Arne sj, I hadn't talked to him in 20 years like we had. It wasn't no ugly beef. Like, I'm gonna kill you. Just like, forget you, forget you, or whatever. And I'm, you know, I'm a Christian person, and I'm all about resolving and, and loving on people because that's my heart. And I grabbed his arm and he did it like that. And I looked And I grabbed it and he's like, like, what, what? And I pulled my mask down, man. He started laughing. He started laughing. So Charlemagne, gimme your hand. The other hand. Oh, the whole, the whole, the whole flight. Me and Arne Jay like this.


'cause when he started telling me that the 20 years, all the people that passed away, everything that happened to him, we cried the whole flight. Wow. From Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. I said, man, I apologize. He said, no. He said, my wife been trying to get me to call you for years and been on me about that. I said, nah, you don't have to. It was just love because 'cause I, I had always said, if I see on there, she again, I'm just gonna tackle him. I, I can't, Kat I saw Kat one time and he had said some stuff that's before the internet came out and said some stuff, some stuff. Years ago he was roasting all the comedians that wore a dress that, that played a character.


You know, he was roasting all I was, we was talking about it on the foxhole one day, And I was driving down 14th Street in Atlanta. I saw a cat walking across the street And I had my granddaddy in the car in my Ford F-150. And you know, I'm one of the type of dudes I'm gonna be carrying. I'm like, Hey Kat, what's up? He was walking to Starbucks. I'll never forget it. He said, come on, have a cup of coffee with me. A cup of coffee with me. So I went over there and before he went to Starbucks, he came around. I said, Hey man, KA William. I said, this is my granddad or whatever. My granddad saw you on TV before my granddaddy said, yeah. And Kat stood in the door, had a conversation with my grandfather or whatever. And that was like one of the last times I saw him.


And there was no issue because it's all love or whatever, because, you know, I don't know why I never did anything to him. If I did, you know, I'm always open man enough to apologize. He felt like he was clearing the record on Shea because I think he, or was it that he, he was supposed to play a role. Money. You said money, Mike. You was supposed be money Mike or something like that. Well, Well I did. I, when I went out there, I auditioned for that part And I, that's what I really auditioned for. I didn't audition for the Santa Claus. If I'm not mistaken, the Santa Claus role was supposed to be for, what's his name? He played in the first Friday, the comedian that passed away. Oh Man. That was, that was, that was on, on drugs and stealing and breaking in people house. Oh, Aj.


Aj AJ Johnson. AJ Johnson A j Johnson. I think AJ Johnson was supposed to play the sign. Now this is what, what I heard or whatever. And they put me in that role because at that time I was on BET and, and stuff like that. But I did audition for it. That's what I went out there and read for my manager at the time, came on the air, cleared that up. David e Talbert came on on Instagram and cleared up the fact that there's no country. He had hired me to play my role in the movie First Sunday before he hired Kat. He cleared, he cleared that part up. But Cube Cube clarified it too. I said that you did audition for money Mike. Right. But when they saw how you moved, they thought you'd be better for Santa Claus.


Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah. And I don't have no, have no beef. I love everybody. If there is an opportunity to resolve, that's what I, I'm I, the rap beef and stuff with the rappers getting killed, I don't want comedy to ever come to that. You know? That's not what I do. That's not how I was raised. You know, we from the south. That's right. And we just don't, we don't, we don't do that. I wanna talk about some of the revolutionary stuff I feel like you've done in radio. I feel like this nation, oh man. You know what I'm saying? We had never seen that before. And Emini here, you know, as a radio head to see radio personalities on TV in that era that felt like watching Howard when Howard did it on E. Right. So that was, that was a revolutionary thing. And also making the move to urban ac Yeah.


Like knowing when it was, I don't know if you knew it was time or like what, how'd that happen? It just happened perfectly. We, you know, we was on the hip hop stations and it was great, but we was getting older, you know, Emini here, I'm almost 50 Brett, you know, we all in our forties or whatever. We ain't got no business playing certain stuff because we just going, you going naturally age. You just can't, you just can't, can't be on the radio. We don't even know who some of the, some of the, we didn't know who some of the rappers are that we playing. Like who is this now? Rap, rap the first female rapper to sell over me. And she like, who? You know, you got, you got the back sell a song. This who we looking over the top of our glasses.


Like what the fuck. But y used to make it funny though. I used to watch y'all. We would be funny. Yeah. But, but we just naturally got older. And then when Tom Joiner retired, they just slid us over and, and now we, we playing RB songs and now it's just relaxed in the morning. We just, we chill. Whose Idea was it to throw Porsche or to get Porsche on the Show on Dish Nation? Yeah. I think that was a, that was so good. Well, Portia, she would fill in for Brat. Okay. Portia came, did a great job and she would fill in for Brat and then they'd say, Hey, you want to do Dish Nation? So anybody came in and filled in the, the producing and say, Hey, we can get you some makeup right quick. Can you do Dish Nation?


Here's the script. And it's nothing. It's just reading a teleprompter and talk about what we have already talked about on the radio. Then we was doing Dish Nation while we was on, on the air. Mm. So during commercial breaks we would shoot a scene from Dish Nation. Wow. Oh, I don't know why I thought that was the show. Yeah. I thought it was a shoot. Thought I thought it was was y'all show. Nah man. We was doing, we was shooting when we first started, we was in that damn same room for six hours. Wow. We was working our ass off. And When did you, when when did you know you wanted to do radio? 'cause radio was not a job for everybody. Right. People say they love radio. Right. And then when they gotta get there an hour before and two hours after and, and they can't move. And especially with comedians, because you guys are on the road, right. You might not be able to go on the road some days. So when did you know that I'm gonna stay with this Man?


I used to listen to these two white dudes named Mark and Brian. You remember Mark and Brian Charlamagne? They big in la, mark and Brian. I don't remember Mark and Brian, they had this big ass morning show, but they came from Birmingham. These the first dudes I used to hear doing characters and, and they did some prank phone calls too. So I used to listen to Mark and Bryant in high school. They went to LA and became famous. Famous. But they came from Birmingham. And I was like, y'all listen to white dudes on Kicks 1 0 6. You know, because that's how I got into Soft Rock. That's why I'm sitting up here listening to Fleetwood Mac and the Eagles and Steely Dan. You know, I'd be on some chill stuff. You have to listen to that stuff, you know. But I was crazy about radio And I, I wanted to do it and I'm gonna tell y'all something.


I drove when they put up the new station hip hop station in Birmingham, 95 7 Jam, you know Daja? Yeah. Daja came from our radio station. Wow. Daja came from our radio station. Daja Used to be up here. Yeah, she used to be up here. She's on Wbl LS now, right? No, you Talking about Another de Oh, you talking about another Deja, not Deja. Yeah, deja. She's on He think about Deja Vu Dejavu, that's also my, Yeah, she's on with Kelly. That TV show, whatever Kelly and he used to be Ryan and Kelly. Right? Right. Yeah. She's on that. And then Roy Wood Jr. Came from, we all come from WBHJ 95 7 Jam. Wow. I drove 60 miles every morning just for the opportunity to be on the radio. And I got paid nothing. I was hungry And I wanted it.


Steve used to tell me, Hey, get on the radio that keep your name out there. They keep your brand out there. So now Charlemagne, I do my comedy shows during the week. I don't do comedy clubs on weekends. So I do a show. I just go do a seven o'clock show at a improv, And I do the improv Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. That's my four shows and get it in like that. I'm in bed at nine o'clock. The show start at seven. That's right. I'm back at the hotel sleep and, And I have my weekends off Show start at seven. No, no, no. I thought you said, You said the show starts Comedy done nine one show Start at five. Deja, when you said Deja, I don't know why I thought of Egypt, but Dejavu she is, he she used to be earthquake co-host on on bbl s Yeah. At one point with a short Haircut.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And she, she DJ on right on Kelly and whatever. Kelly, I don who's on there now? Kelly and Ryan. It should be Brian and Kelly, I think. No, Ryan left to dude with La Fortune. Know. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah man, we, we had a, that was a great station We won. Took down a number one station and, and just doing good radio, morning show, bootcamp, learning about breaks and timing Yep. And all that stuff. I take radio serious, man, show prep, air checks, you know, listening to yourself, playing it back. Like I take it serious. And if you not serious about, about That's a law start. Yeah. That is a law. Start doing radio the proper way. Absolutely. Air checks, knowing when to go into breaks. Teasing, looking at clocks.


Right. That is a law start. Yeah. You better hit that 53. You better be out. You know about that. 53. What do you, what do you love more? Standup book radio. Oh God damn. That's a good question. Radio don't give you butterflies. Radio is just sitting here like right now. I'm comfortable, it's cool or whatever. Standup gives you a little bit of anxiety because you got to perform, you got to go out there. People paid money to see you perform. But my standup is, is being great. I'm, I'm probably funnier than I've ever been. I got a special coming out. We in negotiation with Kevin Hart right now to release a comedy special. I love that for you. Oh yeah. I haven't done Donna Comedy special in like 12 years. Wow.


But it is funny as hell. It is probably my Dave Tabbert, he directed it. Him and his wife Lynn, they directed it. It looked good. It's gonna be funny. It's gonna be all over the place. Recently shot stuff. Yeah. Just recently shot it. Okay. Yeah. Paid for it myself. And I just went on stage and killed they ass. So I'm, I'm really excited about that. And what made you Emini here? Kevin Harts, Kevin Hart. But a lot of people go to Netflix too. Like how did you decide where you were gonna, who was gonna house It? Well, we gonna, we gonna see, we in negotiation now because I just did an interview with Kevin Hart and he asked me about a special, I like, I just shot one. I said, you want to, you wanna present It? Okay. So you still shopping it? He never started, started that say, got you. Yeah. Yeah. He's a good friend of mine. I absolutely love him.


Great dude. Oh, great dude. Kevin man, Jamie Fox. All of them have been good to me my whole career. I didn't, I didn't know Eddie Murphy was a fan that I met Eddie Murphy at his house or whatever, went over there one day I had a meeting with Tracy Edmonds, I think they were dating at the time. And she said, ed, play your prank phone calls around house. I'm like, you lying, so you, are you serious? And I ended up going over there and there was some comics over there and we had barbecue chicken, collard greens, cornbread, macaroni and cheese. All right. Damn. It was like we had some real soul food. And that was my first time meeting Eddie Murphy. Man, that was, that was a pleasure. So that when you get to do stuff like that, and I'm on tour with Martin Lawrence right now.


So that's my big brother. So The funny thing is you talk like you not one of you, not one of them. Yeah. Like you, like you, you and that conversation. I'm just, I'm just just humble man. I'm, I'm still like, I kinda still feel like I'm kind of like just still young and in the game because I feel young in the game And I, I know I'm a little older and stuff and, and trying to coach younger comics And I just kinda sit back and not try to do too much. But I just try to make sure when I do do something that is special and that is awesome and that is funny. And my karaoke nights be sold out. My karaoke, I sell my karaoke nights sell out faster than my comedy shows.


My cohost has Down syndrome. What, what? My cohost Big Chris has Down Syndrome and he is the funniest damn person. If you look at my camera, you see Them? Huh? You can see No, I was sitting here trying not to laugh. I was gonna ask like it's can we laugh? You Guys stupid? You can see it all. And look, all you have to do is all you have to do is is look up Ricky Smile. I'm looking it up and Big Chris karaoke Night. And I was, it was the, And he know all the songs. He get up there and he's sing. You can't get him off stage. I said, Hey Chris, you not getting paid. You need to chill. He said, okay. You have to calm him down. I know how to, Where did that idea come about? Like how did that, how did that idea happen? Ricky Smiley And Big Chris.


You so messy Chris. Lemme see, Lemme see Big Chris. Not even What songs he be doing, man, I Ain't messing. What you made him sing? Have you ever Did Nelly Country Grandma? Nah, he, I'm going down. You, you really gonna, hell I can't. You see me Chris, me, you, me. Go on camera again. I haven't seen This is Big Chris. Yeah. I ain't never seen Big Chris. Chris doing his thing, man. Yeah, that's my car. You pay big Chris though. Huh? Better you better pay Big Chris. Yeah, he talking He only make down payment. Yeah.


Oh. He is funny as hell. So, so he like to bring ladies on stage and sit 'em in a chair and play a r Kelly song and he sate them like the Kapp or something. Oh. I Gotta see that r Kelly Down syndrome. I gotta that r Kelly Down syndrome on one stage. You Just got the wife. I got watch the audience out. I take him on the road with me. We do, we do the improv in Fort Lauder. In Dania Beach selling out everywhere. He has A set by itself? No. Oh, Okay. He just, I bring him on stage. Got you in the middle of karaoke. And I have to keep, have to set boundaries for him. And he, he love y'all. Oh. Oh, he love y'all. He watch y'all all the time. He always, he got his phone. I bought him phone To Chris. Man. Chris. Yeah. He always showing me something that y'all, hey.


Oh, he, he wants to come on the road. You should have brought him with Bring him. Man. Next time you come, When I come back, Bring him up here with him and special. Oh, come on. Nah, you come for the special, bring him up here. Yeah, yeah. I'm So when my special come, I'll come up here promote. I'll bring Big Chris. That'll be my gift to your ass. Because you didn't, because see, we had the same kind of humor because we laugh at the same kind Of shit. My goodness. Chris Took me to the cemetery. He, I think he had a cousin to die. And this particular cemetery, you go there, you have to follow this red line. It's in Birmingham. We followed the red line. He was at the grave crying. And I looked up at the tombstone. It was Paul Bear Bryant was the former head coach of Alabama back in the seventies. And I said, And I I didn't tell him that.


See you ain't shit. You Fucked me up. When you said he took you to the cemetery because Yeah. Yeah. Somebody had died and we was at the wrong grade. But I just let him, let him. And I ain't wanna tell him that we was at, at Paul be Bryant Gray. So I had to get him back to the car. I took him, got got him something to eat and take him home. Ricky Smiley, ladies and gentlemen. Grief is grief man. He got it out either way, either way. Chris got it out. Pick up his book size show is out right now. Oh my God. You, We appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank you. Don't be a stranger, man. You could come up here anytime. You would tell I'll come back. We, we don't play those radio politics.


You, we want you to come. Look, if y'all ever in Miami, I have a boat. I'm a boat captain. I go to The Bahamas every fucking weekend in the summer. I dare you to take a weekend off and fuck with me. Sure. Look dude, Say no more. I'm down for that. I dare. We broadcast on the boat. You asked anybody Ask Jeff Johnson. Ask David Talbert. We go, I I drive all the way across the ocean to Biman Bahamas. It's only 55 miles off the coast of Fort Lauderdale. And I drive my boat. We go all the way to The Bahamas. I have a house that I rent. You are more than what if you just get the Fort Lauderdale, you don't have to worry about shit. I got you. Chris be there too. I would. You ready? You set the boundaries on the boat. I'm the fuck y'all up. Y'all ready? Don't don't Be Chris single.


She might try to holler. What do You see what I had him to do on the front of the boat? The front boat Titan. Hold on. I hope you ain't had him like a phantom emblem or something. Hold on. You finna scream bro. Let me, let me, let me, Don't show us no pictures. You're not supposed to see This is Instagram or TikTok Uhuh. TikTok. Let me see. Okay, here it come. It is just slow. 'cause I don't, I couldn't get Figure out that wifi. All right, here we go. Here we go. You in the screen When you see Crystal. I don't have these. Okay, here we go. Here we go. When I tell you you going, you gonna fall dead when you see this video? If I can get to it.


Where is it? It's gonna be a meme my uncle on. On social media. Yeah. 'cause he been saying, here we go. Here we go. It's coming. Ready? You ready? Yeah. Oh God. You ready? I'm ready. I'm Watching. Watching. Ready? We gotta put this in the video man. Cut it out man. I can't laugh at that. Cut it out Ricky. I cannot laugh at that. Is somebody holding him? That is not funny. Cut it out man. He gotta like the phantom, you know to think about the fandom. What's that called? Interview The Phantom.


What? The rose? The roll Royce. The emblem. But he Got like a P minimum. The spirit of ecstasy. Man. Man, you stupid man with the Spirit s that not just Titan put in the video. Oh My goodness. Oh man. Ladies and Gentlemen, it is Ricky Smile. That is me. Bring big Chris up paper. She's single and she She's Looking you. Yeah. You surprised right? Yeah. How old Are you? 32. Damn. Oh that went over my head. 56 Now You still big Chris. Back to Big Chris. Oh, you Take Chris. I saw some video.


Somebody was trying to get at you. Who was there trying to get at you? I watched that call the baby. Was it the baby? The baby? No. Wasn't it Ma Wayne? Ma Wayne? No, the baby. That's the baby. Yeah. Yeah. That didn't work out. Work out. It didn't go past the interview. Where was it going? What not. You sit back down. What your number On my phone. Ricky Smiley Side Show out right now And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Proger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


The Following is a high five moment from high five Casino dot com. Welcome to Burger Yippy. Would you like a high apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I won. Woohoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I Just want big time playing. High Five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily reward. Over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won Again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your High five moment today? Download the High Five app or visit high five Casino dot com. High five. Casino is a social Casino. No necessary we're prohibited. Play responsibility, conditions, supplies. See website Detailss High five. Casino.