
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant re invention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


How crispy are the new deli me Crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute Ute. Mm. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Hey, whatever tie tribute. Welcome brother. What's Thanks For having me. What's up y'all? How y'all feeling, Man? Congratulations. You just won a Grammy 2024 Grammy for best Gospel album, so congratulations. Oh, thank you's three in total. Yeah, three in total. Man, I'm so hype about that and excited. Yeah. You know, I didn't, it wasn't needed, but it's a, it is appreciated. Do you pray for stuff like that? Nah, I used to. Okay. Okay. Okay. I used to, but I had to get my, you know, know the reason why I do what I do. I had to get that in order. I had, you know, because Intention. Yeah. Intention. Exactly. Last year I was nominated for two Grammys And I just knew I was gonna walk away with at least one.


And when I walked away with none, it was like a soul check for me. Like, all right, well why do you do what you do, bro? You gotta just, just gotta reevaluate all of that stuff. So I kind of like stopped needing it or stopped wanting it so bad and stopped. So ambitiously going for it. Just stick to the reason why I do what I do. Have fun doing it. Bless the people, show love, give them Christ. And this year when I walked away with it, yo, we literally sat like in the back. 'cause the gospels, they, they don't present the gospel on the, on the Grammys. We got the pre awards they could do. I was like nine o'clock in the morning, you know what I'm saying? So I had to wake up all early and we went to the, to the pre-show and it's open seating there so you can see anywhere you want. Yeah. So my manager like, yo, come on, let's, let's go to the front, bro. I'm like, nah man, I'm just gonna sit back here. We gonna take a LI don't like that long walk of shame, it's too far.


So let's just stay close to the exit. So we was in the back chilling. I got it all on video and they called in everybody's name. Of course, when they called my name, I was like, Ooh. What? Yeah, Because I was really content. I had to learn really just to be content. Yeah. Because, you know, being overly ambitious, it robs you of gratitude. Then you just get out and feel like going down that rabbit hole. So just love, you had to make, you had to take that long walk up to the stage. Then I had to take that long walk. I was running like, oh my goodness. Trying to figure out what I'm gonna say on the way, because I literally didn't expect to win. But, you know, I was gonna be there to show 'em how to be a, a good so loser in Christ. What do you, Go ahead. But I just, I'm just proud of you every time you nominated 13 nominations.


Oh, ain't that crazy. Yeah. So even without winning the awards, I'm like, you're recognized like, true by so many to be nominated 13 times. Like True. I love That. After a while you just get used to I, I-I-I-I-I should start celebrating the nominations. You know what, Emini here. 'cause It's a lot of people that don't make it there either. Exactly. You know, or you just pile up the Ls like, I'm 13 but I lost it. Nah, just be Yeah. Albums your work, touch a lot of souls. Word. Thank you For that. You know, to me, I love that. Thank you. I love doing what I do and why I do it. You know what I'm saying? People leave my shows, they're not just turned up, but they got hope. You know what Emini here, they got inspiration. You know what Emini here and they, and they, and they, their healing and all of that's taking place. So I love what I do and why I do it, man.


It's, it's a, it's a blessing. And you're from Camden, right? Camden, New Jersey, bro. And then, so you lived there your whole life or? Yeah, in Florida, then Houston for a year, then Florida. Okay. Yeah. So growing up in, you know, well, if you don't know, y'all should know here in new, you know, New York, y'all know about Can, did you ever Ask God, why So many days? I asked God why, but I had to, I had to get it in the trenches. I had to learn in the gutter how to, I had to learn how to be in the valley before you be in the mountain. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So, so I can know what it is to struggle so I can know what it is to be impoverished so I can know what it is. You know what Emini here to be underprivileged. So when it happened for me, I could reach back and say, Hey, this is how you do it. This is how you come up and help others, man.


So I, I think it takes people like you. 'cause when I see somebody like you have the success that they have from Camden, you, it's, you really don't hear a lot of good things about Camden. Nah, For real. I, I, I you, you this murder capital of the, of The World sometime, or the most violent city. I remember those stats growing up. Like, Hey, Camden's on the map, we in the newspaper for what? Oh, most violent city. You know what Emini here, that's not, that's not in Baltimore. Probably not too different. No shade to Baltimore. I love, I love yeah. Every, but you know, coming up, coming out of that, you know, I'm glad I had like the little family church. We had little 50 member family church that we had just kept us grounded, kept us focused, And I was just like tunnel vision the whole time. And, and, and slowly but surely I just saw myself not like my surroundings.


Mm mm Now that was a challenge in itself because you, you, you don't know you're different until you know you different. Yeah. And then, you know, you got family to deal with and friends to deal with who, who are like, oh, I don't change on us, da da, but bro, if I don't change, I can't help you. You know what I'm saying? So that was a challenge for me at a very young age, knowing I can, knowing I was talented, knowing I could play, knowing I can do music and knowing it, it was, what's the word? Extraordinary. It wasn't just normal. So that change was a challenge. But, you know, I'm glad that all things worked together for good, man. I wanted to ask, you know what I'm saying, with being a a, a gospel singer, do you feel like it's a lot of pressure on you where it is almost like people look at your life differently, right?


Like, it's almost like they want you to be perfect. Do you have a a, a hard time dealing with that? I dealt with that before I became a gospel artist. So speaking of growing up in the, in this small church, my grandmother was the pastor first. My dad was on the organ. I'm watching him every Sunday. Like, oh my God, this guy is a, is amazing. I start playing, then he became the pastor. So I got that pressure as a pk, the perfection, all of that. All of that. I got all of that pressure as, as a young kid, like 12, nine, when I was, since I, since I've been born, spotlight's been on me to be the poster child for what Christ is. I'm like, yo, and pass The kids. Be The worst. Yeah.


Why you kids be the worst 'cause of the pressure though? Yeah. 'cause of the pressure leads. You do a life of crime. Damn. Too much handcuffs leads to rebellion, man. You know what Emini here, that legalism and that religious structure, it, it, it, it, it, it leads to like, yo, I'm not cut out for this. I didn't sign up for this. Y'all sign up for this and the expectation is too much for me, yo. So I, I just rebel. People go completely opposite of the ways that their parents bring them up when you bring them up too strict. I came up the same way. I had the pressure of perfection And I tried to live up to it until my parents got a divorce. And I'm like, whoa.


In my day, that was like, you know, it's normal now. Every day. It happens every day. Back then, it was like a culture shock for me. It shattered my whole world. I was like, bump the church then what I'm doing here. Why am I being favor to God? And he, man, my dad, I'm out. You know what I'm saying? That's when I went to all the clubs, did all that stuff. I didn't dance though. I just played at all the clubs. I didn't, you know, I still didn't drink, didn't smoke the, yeah, I just went and played the keyboard at all. The club for like, music, soul child, Jill Scott, everybody in the Philadelphia area, the roots and all that stuff. So I'm in there playing hymns to the, to the beats. They don't even know what I'm doing. But I kind of had my little rebellious moment during that time just to, just to find out who I am outside of y'all expectations, man, outside of who y'all saying God is to me.


Let me find him for myself. Let me fi figure out who I am for myself. Yeah. And it's been the most liberating thing. And I've been walking in that since. I feel Like that's a journey and that's a form of liberation every human has to experience in their life. Like, and, and you. And you should like, strive to feel that. No. Literally, whether you are religious or in church or not just a family, just the just family bond. You know what Emini here, blood stick, all of that family can bind you, bro. Family can keep you stuck in a level that you never supposed to be in for the rest of your life. People who love you can bind you through, through their care, through their love, through their expectations, through manipulation, through emotional manipulation. It's a whole lot of things that keep us from being who we're supposed to be in this earth because of other people's expectations and demands.


So I'm all about freedom, man. My, my whole life is freedom. My whole mantra is about freedom. So when you, when you, you know, contact me or hear my music, people think it's energy. I like to call it the spirit of freedom, man. Liberating everybody because you need that. And we don't. When you don't know you bound, that's the worst. When you don't know you are bound. That is the worst. When you become used to being manipulated, used to being controlled, used to being used, you can either be used or loved. You can't be both. Mm. You could either be used or love. And a lot of people are being used and not realizing, they're not experiencing true love man. So they just, just get used to being used.


Like, all right, I'll do this for you. I'll come through for you. I'll do, whenever you call me, I'm there. Nah, nah. And they think that's, that's love. But a lot of 'em are being used. Did a lot of those triggers resurface in, in your marriage when you got separated? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, me and my wife separated. It was, it was, it was bad. Yo. It was, it was very, very bad for me because I didn't think my whole thing. When my father messed up with my dad, I'm like, I ain't never gonna be like him. I'm never gonna do that. No. So I went the pride way. So my heart just really was like, you know what, Emini here, I got more exposure than he ever got. I got more notoriety he ever got. And I'm still ain't going to do what he did. I'm still, man, that pride comes before a fall.


And I fell hard. And I moved to la My wife was in Jersey. We just separated. I didn't think we would ever, you know, get back together again. I was just out there working on me. She was out there, she was out there working on her, not really trying to get the marriage back together. And I think when you try to do that too soon, sometimes you, you, you, you damage, you know, you damage it because you just, your point is just to try to get them, get back together, but not work on you. 'cause you still got stuff you gotta work on. I still had stuff I had to work on. I still had weaknesses I had to work on. And so I'm out there working on me. She's working on her. I'm praying, she's praying. And God kind of just brought our hearts back together. But all through that whole time I realized my mortality.


I realized my humanism, I realize my weaknesses. I realize who I was for real. Like this religious perspective. I became that, like, like now, I, I, I, I'm a pastor, right? But I don't say I'm a pastor. I'm just, I'm just a child of God with an assignment. You understand what I'm saying? I'm a child of God who got something to say to a certain group of people. I don't become my assignment. You understand what I'm saying? But that's The World today. I, if I were to meet you in the street, the first thing I'll say is, what do you do? Not who are you? You understand what I'm saying? And I think we lose who we are and what we do. And I, that's what I did. I got lost in all of that. And I forgot who I was. And I, I read that you, you, you, you, you battled with deep depression during that time and you Yeah.


Contemplated suicide. What got you outta that? Literally what got me outta suicide initially was just people, it was just people around me too much. I couldn't get by myself. Wow. I, it was just always literally, it wasn't my prayer life. It wasn't the Holy Ghost, it was peep it was physical People around me, Ty, you good, Ty, you want to eat Ty? I'm like, could y'all just leave so I can pop these pills because y'all just leave so I can just try Yeah. To do all this stuff. But depression is a deep, deep, deep, dark spirit man. And I, I'm, I'm, I'm glad that I had people around me to help me get through that season, man. Just all those thoughts and all those suggestions that come to us, man. And we feel like it is us.


I love that. I call 'em, I call 'em, well, I, I had a little series that I call Ghostbusters. Right? So, because there's other ghosts besides the Holy Ghost. And if you don't differentiate what ghost is speaking to you, bro, you could be lost in, in, in that whole rabbit hole of depression, suicide, stress, all of these things. My issue is we let all these ghosts talk to us, and we do what they say. And we, we take on the moves and the, and the, and the, and the, and the attitudes of all these voices that are speaking to us. Therapy helps, counseling helps. But ultimately the spirit of God is the only one that could really, you know, deliver us and, and rescue us from that man. And I had, I had that. I had that.


But I was there And I couldn't believe I was there. I loved my life. I loved my wife. I love, I thought I was, I thought I was good. But then when tragedy hits you and you just can't take it, and you just feel like you have no other option, it was really the embarrassment. It was really the pride of everybody know who I am. It really wasn't, life was so hard. It was how I saw myself and how I thought I was to people. So when you just drop who you are, like, yo, when you just, just, just kill who you think you are, man, just be nothing. The Bible says he who seeks to save his life will lose it. But if you lose your life, you'll gain it. So I lost the celebrity side of me.


I lost the gospel artist. I lost. I like, forget being a father. Forget being a husband. Forget all these things. I think I am, I'm just a, I'm just tied right now. Yeah. And then that's when salvation begin to come. 'cause you really are bigger than your image. And it was all in the image that you were living in. Yeah. But that's, That's not, that's not social media today. You are your image today. Yeah. But The World, I hate that. But you understand what I'm saying. You, you are, you are who you post today. So That's why it's also a lot of suicide. Okay. And a lot of, a lot of depression. Okay. A lot more than we see it. That's right. You know. But how challenging is it to, to be, to be real on social media? You understand what I'm saying? I know some people who will never be behind the camera without they lashes on or who will never get on there without certain things.


So how challenging is it to be your authentic self? Yeah. On social media, I don't think or or onto The World. I don't think people are ready to, to bear that nakedness. You know what I'm saying? But it gonna take somebody who's unashamed to be like, Hey, this is me and love me, or lead me and, and, and just run the risk of that. But I don't think people are ready for that. I did that early. I got a Lord. It's a, it's a little ponytail Emini here. Yo, Your word. It's still going around, man. That's why up too, man. You trying to get it Off? Yeah. I'm trying to get it off now, but I'm like, yo, that's, that's when I first started and it was out there. They put t-shirt, put it on t-shirts and everything. Like Jess, I think, did we Buy one? I think I bought one. Dang. Yeah. It was a lot of, I sold it out, but I was like, you know what, this is me. I'm want, want one, want one now. No you don't. No you don't. But that's what I loved about you, Jess.


That's what I love. We were like, she, you understand what I'm saying? She real Damn Jess, don't give a fuck. Right? Right. But would you do it though? You, you admire that, but would you do it? Would you do It? Yeah, if I had the ponytail, hell yeah, You would. Yeah. Yeah. He, he wants a ponytail. He wants a ponytail. Any type Of, he wants any type of hair. There is a picture is a, a picture of Charlemagne with hair and look kind of like it starts back here. But you never posted that picture back in The, I gotta see that. I, I think you and your whole situation, it just a testament to the glory of God. You, you and your wife are together now, right? Yeah. She's right here. Right behind me, man. I'm Shante in the building now. You good girl. And she survived a car. Y'all been through a lot. Yeah, A whole, a whole, a whole lot.


It seemed like a, a series of unfortunate events, you know what I'm saying? And her life Emini here. It, it just, it just, it just starts from, I'm gonna say it starts from birth. Everybody's life starts from Birth. But with the, with with, with growing up with parents like I had, and she was basically fatherless for, for a long period of time. You grow with a whole lot of unmet needs. You know what Emini here, you have needs as a child that you should have met, that you don't have met. Security, protection, encouragement, validation, all of these things. We, we affection, we, we have to grow up without that. Right. So now we gotta make the choice of either like, living without it or killing the desire, period. So now we commit what we call my man, Tim Fletcher calls soul suicide.


So you commit soul suicide because as a child, a 3-year-old, I need affection. I don't know. I need it, but naturally I need it. And if I don't get it, I just kill the desire for it. So now I'm in a relationship And I don't know how to be affectionate or something. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? Or I got kids And I don't know how to show that because I've been killed that. So now we're trying to like restore those things and, and trying to do it in the context of marriage. I married her at 18. I was 21. So that's a, that's a kid. Those are kids. When I look at them, them ages now, I'm like, man, those was a kids that, those really little kids, We, how long y'all been together Emini here? Huh? How, how long y'all been together? 28 now. Yeah, that's right. 28 years. Yeah. And my wife 26.


Oh for real? And me and his wife. 30. 30. Oh wow. Yeah. Oh, congrats bro. Congrat, that's so y'all know what I'm talking about, Man. Listen, I relate to your story so much. Even when you talk about how you know, what you saw in your father and not wanting to be like that. Yeah. And then fi finding out that you became just like that later. Do you understand? Oh my God. Do You understand? Man, that's like a, that's like a, that's like a, that's like a shock to your whole, to your whole system, man. You gotta do a whole lot of rewiring, man. And I, my thing is, I think a lot of people know they need help. Where they go to get help is just as important as knowing you need help. So, you know what, Emini here, so therapists and all that stuff, I think that, I think that's all is great. But I like to go to the source. I like to go to the creator. And I believe God is the creator.


All of us. If you don't turn to God, man, you'll get a bandaid. You'll get medicated. But the real healing is in Jesus Christ, I believe in God and therapy. Me too. Me too. And plant-based medicine and healing and meditation. And I can't smoke the weed with you, brother, but I understand. But I feel you. I feel it from the earth. God, it's from the her. He made it. I I Ain't mad at you, bro. I, I ain't here to judge at all. But, you know, I just feel like when something else becomes your source, something else is your source. You know what, Emini here. And that's the scary part to me. I don't want another thing besides God to be my source. Everything could be a resource. And if God leads me to that, fine.


But if it, if I just choose it, I could damage myself and my life and what I want and desire to do or be in life. Yeah. Well, what do you, what do you think about some of the, it seems like for a while, maybe the last 10 years, it seems like being a pastor was cool, right? So it was like, like everybody wanted to be a rapper. Everybody wanted to be a podcast host. It seems like a lot of people wanted to be a pastor for the wrong reasons. Yeah. How Do you feel about that Era? You missed that era. The Pastor era. I don't remember the pastor era. You don't, Uhuh man was building them huge churches. Everybody was, I think the pastor phenomenon came from oh man, Getting money in The church. It's, it is a bunch of different things. You can speak to it more. But I think getting money in the church and how you look and how you're praised is, and you forget that he's supposed to be praised, but period.


But how you praised you and all that type of stuff. So yeah, I see a lot of Instagram pasts out there. But you know what it is, what It, you killed it. You killed that whole thing. I think a lot of pastors were not called the pastor. They just, you know, study. You go to school and then you just become a pastor. Like you become a manager at, you know, Publix or something like that. Yeah. And that's, that's unfortunate for a lot of people who invest their, you know, money, time, attention and their soul into people who they believe are literally called from God. I don't believe a lot of pastors are. I think, I think it's a system now. Oh God. It's a system. Everything is a system and systems work with or without God. So I think the institution of church is whack.


I think how church is ran is whack. I think the religious system and structure is whack. I don't subscribe to it. Even though I grew up in it. I benefited from it. But I learned that God is not the church. And once I realized, whoa, God ain't church that for me, you know what? Emini here. I ain't from the streets. I'm from the church. So that was a huge thing as well. It's In the Bible that says you can't even find God in a manmade temple. Why? Why don't we read that though? How, how often do you hear that sermon? No. You hear people, pastors make the people about the church. We got the church name. We church and the church and the bumper stick of the church. The church, The church should be About the people. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


The Church should be about the people. Yeah. But the church makes the people about the church. So all churches now are a movement, but they're not about the people. They're not about serving and loving the people. So I, I I, I I, I just kind of pulled that. We online right now, we're not even in a building, a physical building or nothing like that. So Live church, shout out to live church. I love y'all so much. Live church, Orlando. We're online right now and because we had a issue with a building and now I'm like, hold up, what's going on here? Like, do I, do we need a, like, you understand what I'm saying? Like, in order to do what we need to do, affect people, serve and love and minister. I'm just looking at everything differently at this point because the, the church structure has really Emini here. There's a lot of people who won't even go to church, obviously.


When the last time y'all been to church? I go every Sunday. Okay, got you. I was on tv. I go bedside Baptist. Oh, you tv? Yeah. I'm, I like watching Potter's House online. Oh yeah. Okay. Pop Can't wait to jump down your throat and be like, no you don't. See I go every Sunday online. Go online. Online. Online. Why don't, But why not? Honestly, it's because it's not too many churches that speak to my spirit. I really do like what they do in the Potter's House. I think there's a lot of anointing in that church from Bishop TD Jakes the Sir Jake Roberts, the Pastor Toray. So even when I'm in Dallas, if, if I'm now on like a Saturday, I'll stay just to go to go on like that. You physically Go. Oh, absolutely. What about you? Envy? For me, it's, I used to hate going to church as a kid.


Right? 'cause Baptist church, you stay in there four or five hours, especially if somebody's getting baptized, you gotta dress up. So it made me not necessarily love it. Right. And I noticed that with my kids when I took 'em to church, it became a chore. Like, I gotta get dressed. I got this. But now on Sunday morning, we can cook breakfast together, sit down on the couch and watch it. And it's comfortable. They ain't gotta get dressed. They ain't got, mommy ain't gotta do the kids here. Yeah. They ain't gotta make sure things are right. 'cause they gotta sit in the, nah, it's not that at all. It's all about the church. Right. Which I prefer. So yeah, we go online, you know what Emini here. Right. And I don't have to just stick to one church. You know, as a kid growing up in, in, in New York, we always had to go to Brooklyn, to grandma's church. There was no option. It was not. Got you.


Let me try something else. Now on tv, one day I can turn lo next day I can turn apart. Next day I can turn And I can get different feelings and my kids can as well. So I prefer that as well too. Why you don't go, Jess? I was, he was going to ask me that. I'm Gonna get to it. I was, you saw my left hand like this. I was coming right to you, Jess. I was pass asked me, So Asked me. Yeah. So I, I still ha I still belong to my home church in Baltimore City, restoration Christian Collegiate church. And I, I'm not in Baltimore on Sundays anymore, you know? 'cause I have to be here. I gotta wake up 3 45 in the morning. But even before that, I was doing shows Thursday through Sunday. So I wasn't able to go. And if I just try more, I can definitely get on the road and come up here after church.


'cause church is from 10 to 12, 10 to one sometimes. But I, I still pay my tithes. You know what Emini here, I still give offering my mom's a deacon. I grew up in that church. It was called Holy Church of Christ when I was younger. Gotcha. And I, my son has been Christian in that church. And my, my baby that I'm having now will go and get Christian, the same church. Congrats. I'm never, I don't wanna go to another church, you know. Gotcha. I will listen to a sermon from someone else. Okay. Like, you know, I listen to Sarah Jakes, I, you know, I, I will and different podcasts as well. But I just, my my reason is simply just an excuse. I just don't go to church because I travel. Okay. I get, I I get that. That's literally it. But what do y'all look for when you go to a church?


What do y'all, what do y'all look for? Like you said, everyone, don't, don't touch your soul. Don't minister to your spirit. It's not about what I look for. It's about what I feel. Got it. It's a feeling. You know what Emini here. Like, you just, Yeah, I know what you mean. Some People just speak to your soul. You know, I think Sarah Jakes right now, man to me, she talking to you. I love it. Like all the time. Even I'm listening to her podcast. So I just think some people have an anointing on them for the moment that we are in. And just like, her father had it and still has it, you know? Yeah, of course. Of course. I think she had it for the current moment that we're in Word. And, and then another thing, so growing up in a church where, you know, I'm, I'm so used to that back in the day.


Like for instance, I don't wanna go to a, a big, big, big church. Yeah. Because the pastor don't know me. The pastor don't. I'm used to going to talk to the pastor, pastor after church, going to get that individual prayer in, tell him what I'm struggling with and all that. As a teenager, I was going through a lot of things. You know what Emini here. So I would be able to go and talk to my uncle. He, he is the, the bishop. Like go and talk to him and stuff like that. But I've gone to churches where, you know the pastor don't he know you? Yeah. And he not even tripping off getting to know nobody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He just come and he do his thing and they sing a whole album before he start the sermon. He only one album. Yeah. Yes. Right. You, you shout I see people shouting And I see, you know, all of that.


And that's what I'm used to too. 'cause you not can cuddle up in the church. Okay. I start, come from there. Okay. You shout and then Absolutely not. I grew up drove a witness. Okay. So I ain't start going to church until later. Got I don Want you too grown for that Holy Ghost going around knocking on the doors. How you doing? How you know, you Said two Holy Ghost Saturday. A Lot of that be performing. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. You got time for that. But you got time to walk down every block and knock on everybody. Every block handing the pamphlets Uhuh Every Saturday. Yeah. Nobody got time for that. And too early. Y'all come too early. Early. If you came around noon, it'll be all right. So Yeah, the, the, the, the, the personal, the personal has been lost. You know what, Emini here. And then it becomes to the point where the, the, like I said, the pastor feel like he's God.


That's what I'm talking about. Lot of These new churches. And, And that's what I meant by Yeah. Churches is whack. And I, 'cause I know I went on religious, whack, whack, whack and, and church people probably like Ty, you just at my church last week. Yeah. I don't mean that Emini here. Emini here. That stuff right there. Yeah. And, and and what it's become, I have found it. I have found it. I think I said it right. Challenging to know everyone in my church though. I found it. I found it challenging. I try to be personable. I try to, I stay after church and just, I stand there. Whoever want to come to me, they can talk to me. I don't got the 80 security guards and all that stuff. Right, right. I stand there, they can talk to me. But it's a challenge to know everybody in the church. And that's a big, that's 'cause a bigger, it is a bigger church. It's bigger Emini here. But you knew families though. Like it, like my church. They knew the Casey family, which was Grandma and Grandkids and, and and parents.


They knew the Johnsons and this one or that one. So he knew family, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Overall. And that means something to that, that means a lot to people. Yeah. But what if you didn't get that? Does that mean that's not the church for you? Because Moses led millions of people. I'm doubt he knew. You know what, Emini here. Jaque. But both, whatever his name was, I doubt. I doubt he knew everyone, but he was still their leader. So I try to look at it from a, a lot of perspectives. You know what Emini here and make sure people are,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour. And you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to DIME Beauty. DIME Beauty is clean high-end skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to DIME Beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's DIME Beauty co.com code Get dime for 20% off.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casinos home to hundreds at Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Coming For the right reason and make sure that the pastor Is there for the right reason. Let me ask you a question, right? So growing up in Queens, I went to Catholic school, right? Mm. My zone school was the worst. So my parents was making me go to Catholic school. I wasn't going to Andrew Jackson, but I noticed in Catholic school as a kid, Catholic school's 30, 30 minutes, maybe 35. You up outta there it is. Emini here, Bing gone join. I'm back home. Baptist Church is three hours. You know what, Emini here. So we got More to say. No, explain. But But it's to the point as a kid. Yeah. You know, you, you feel like I I get everything I need in this 30 minutes. I don't need this in three and a half hours. So I always wonder like, why is the church so long? Because you know, you got announcements, then you, you pass it, you gonna pass it around twice then sister.


So, so-and-so gotta talk about the, and if you don't Give enough on the first offering, You come back, come back. I Know y'all got 50 more. We almost reach our goal. Right? We Ain't there. They double back. You know what Emini here. And I think That's part of it. Why It's so long. Yeah. I think churches have changed since then. I don't think churches is three hours like that anymore. She Emini here, not she. I Think it's like I, IIII, I've seen she, she going in, I've seen church structures like 90 minutes. You know what I'm saying? They, they try to be more mindful of that. And the more, you know, current churches and stuff like that. Yeah. They try to do, they try to cut that down a little bit. But I think the reason is is people just have a lot of expression. Man. They got a lot of, they got a lot to say.


They got a lot to, to get out. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? I hated the long churches. I grew up Pentecostal. So I'm Pentecostal Church what, three hours? That's it. We just getting right. Yo, three hours. When you said three hours, I'm like, what Man, we just getting started. We ain't had nothing else to do. We ain't had no social media. We all Sundays was for God. So we was gonna stay all Sunday. So after the five hours service Back, gotta leave after the Five hour service. You, you, you, school service, second service. Come on. You what? You better stay for that second service. You already, we got people coming from Baltimore. We got people coming from, we got, yo we got another service coming at six. We like damn.


Go home. I hated That. But I'm so glad It Was like that for me as a, as a, as a young jet. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm so glad it was like that for me. 'cause it just kept me from a whole lot. You look like Michael K. Williams. Anybody ever told you that? Yeah. No. I heard Chris Rock a lot and, And I don't know who I, I didn't, I don't. Michael K. Williams. So yeah. You Got a similar energy as Michael K. Yeah. I never met him. Very energetic too. Oh. Or I never met him. Maybe we need to hook up or something like that fast. Oh yeah, he dead. He done. Oh, I don't know. Okay. I guess. And I can, I guess I can, I guess I can. Don't gimme the don the day. Don't gimme the don the day. I'm sorry. I didn't know. I don know. I was trying to cut him over. He said I never met the I don y'all.


We'll connect one day if you believe. Like believe. Okay. You gonna see him again? I'm done with Shaw. Yo. Is it, is it true that you worked on Justin Timberlakes Crime River? Yeah, I worked on Ju I was, we was in the Roots studio again growing up in the Philly, Camden Philly area. We did our first album in at the, at the root studio. Crazy. How we got signed to Vivian Green is like a r and b soul artist. And she was doing a showcase for Tommy Mottola and Donny Ener and them at Sony. And she said, Ty, you know, I was like her cousin at the time. We were like, real close, Ty, I want you to MD my showcase. I know you ain't asked me this. I'm just taking a, you know, take, you know, I want you to MD my showcase.


I said, all right, bet. I got a little, couple people from the choir, couple people from the band. We just put together a little show for Viv. So speaking of energy and all that, we in there with Tommy Mottola and Donny Iron and all these people at Columbia. And I'm just a young, you, I'm just playing. I'm, I'm like this all the time. If I'm playing, I'm like this, you know what Emini here, everything is energetic. So they like, we love Vivian Green, we're gonna sign her to Columbia and we're going to sign this guy right here. Who's that? And they was like, oh no, no, no, no. That's, that's a, that's a gospel guy. You know, he, he does choir and and stuff like that. We're signing Vivian and we're signing the gospel guy. I was Like, what? Within 90 days we had a contract at our crib from, from Columbia Records. No demo, no black and white, no, no profile pick, no, no nothing.


And we got signed to Columbia With Vivian or y'all were separate. Nah, she got her deal. I got my deal. So my first album came out under Columbia Records called Life because of that. That moment right there, I'm like, well God is really real. You know what? Emini here, Emini here. You could say being in the right place at the right time. But I believe in the favor of God. And so we were doing our album in the Roots studio. James Poiser, shout out James Poiser was the producer on that. He's with the roots now. You see him on Jimmy Fallon every night. And in the Roots studio, they had the plant base, you know, stuff going on. Marijuana, the burning bush, the plant base. They had the burning bush Every single day. GA was in there. We was in there getting contact, you know, trying to sing the praises of the Lord and just being in that environment.


Then the roots was like, oh you know, why don't you do this such and such coming to the studio, such and such coming to the studio such and such. We just became the choir for like everybody who came. So we are on Jessica Simpson's Christmas album. We're on so many albums as as background singers. So Timbaland came through and we just caught a vibe. Timbaland, we were just in there, just vibing. Tim just put a beat on it. We were just in there playing. I love working with Tim. Tim, but we could ever do that again, bro. Absolute to Tim. Yeah, Yeah, please. Let's hook that up. Yeah. So we was in there vibing the crime crime me a river. He said, I got this song of justice. So I'm in there like, okay, so that's me playing that literally on The World of sir.


Wow. Love that. Yeah. That's literally literally me. And then the background's on there. Me and my girl Marsha from Flory did the background. Yeah. Love Her. Ain't she amazing? Yo, absolutely. Shout out Marsha. I love you girl. We did the backgrounds to that. And so just when it came out and we listening to it and it's everywhere. It's in 70 11 while we like, oh my, that's us. That's us. Shut up boy. That'll be $20. You know what Emini here. I'm like, wait, that's us, That's us. Hold on, gimme another Sprite back. End of that must have been crazy yo. As the backend money must have been crazy. Did you get Paid for it the right way? Oh damn, I got $2,000 for it. Not The pastor. Oh man. Not the You wanna do the pastor though?


Well I know you cried. You a river. That's all you got for that Lord have mercy. $2,000 for crime or River. Yeah, I got $2,000 for that. But you and you played it. I played it. We did the Ranger song. That's The song. That's the song. That's what everybody knows. That's when what you hear when that's what you look for. Fuck ain't good. What happen to anybody? They don't take care of the pastor Tim be call Tim. That was, it was, it was, It was. Yeah. But you know, I didn't know the business at the time And I was so hyped to get $2,000. I ain't know what to do y'all. I think I treated everybody to a Fry At McDonald's everybody. I know that's right. You understand what I'm saying? So I was just so hype. But I didn't know the business then.


So I ain't got no hard feelings about you aint on it at least. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can go check it out. Go check out. Go check out the credit. Absolutely. Go check the credits. Yo. Go check the credit. No. You know what you giving Chris Rock? Yes. He said go check, go check the credit yo. Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely Chris. I see. Hey yo. But yeah, dang to know that you did that and that Was, you did a whole lot, did did a whole lot with Usher. What, what'd you say? What did you do with Usher? I ain't nothing with Usher, I don't think. What you mean? Am I on there with us? Emini here Usher since toured with Usher. I didn't know if you worked with Usher. Come on. You gotta be specific. Yeah, yeah. It's You do with Usher. Hold on. You talking about Usher in the church for a second? Come on. Yo, We might have been on the same program.


I didn't do any, we didn't Do you know Jesus? I would love to meet Usher, man. That's that's the homie. Jess, come on, don't be with The mess right now. I don be don't be with with Right now. Every day something with these two niggas, yo. Every day I get it. So I'm like, what you talking about? It's a lot. It's A lot to go. 'cause you'll never know what they, what they throwing out. Yeah. Gotta catch. I was wanted to tell you. Congratulations. Lemme get you outta here if you getting some trouble. Oh my God. You Tour. Talking about the tour. Oh, you tour, that was last Year. Reunion tour was last year, right? Reunion tour was was last year. It was amazing. I did an all things new tour and in the spring and then I did the reunion tour in the fall or winter. It was, it was amazing dude. Out with Kirk and Clark, sisters, Israel, David and Tamela. Man, that was incredible. My first arena tour never did that before.


So I'm like to hear the songs and with all them people, it was just, it was, it was surreal. So we're doing it again this year. I'm going out May, June on the only one night though tour. Only one night though. That's my new single. That's out only one night though. When the tour is going May, June. I'm telling y'all I have a, a second win of of, of some sort. I don dunno, have a second, third, or fourth, whatever. But I have this, this momentum behind me right now And I am so excited to get out there and, and do this music. I got new music coming, book coming podcast. All this stuff is, is coming, you know, off the hinges of the Grammy and it's just a good season for me right now, you know?


So I want everybody to come. He's what? He's Great man. And I play the record. Oh, let's play it only One night though. Alright, real quick. Lemme Just say this. So what you did for me growing up is wow to your music. You, you didn't make it. You like you, you and Kirk Franklin was the first two men that did not make listen in the gospel. Boring. Right? Right. Yo, because like me growing up with a deaconess as a mom and you know, my daddy, he was a little bit more lenient, you know? Yeah. But my, we had to go to church and a little bit plan to what he was saying, like we had to do. And I had to get the, the, the stiff ponytail with the ball balls on my, you know, my head wasn't never really long. So when I moved it didn't, You know, So I'm like, I don't wanna go here, you know, And I had the little church socks and all that, the ones that Jermaine D Free had on at the Super Bowl.


So, oh, you know, I'll always do that, you know. But like you, when when my mom would put you on, she would put, she would put you on just so we can get excited to go to church. Wow. Wow. So that is really something that's crazy, crazy. You and Kirk Franklin, y'all the only two. My mom be like, all right, all right. And then she knew if I put How to play some other people when we was going too much, okay, so then I'm be like, I don't wanna listen to you such and such. That's so now, but then, but, but to get us in the mood to go to church, tie trip and Kirk Franklin, that's what's up. And that's what I love about jam music Or the song you remember The more, no way I can't, then you go into the a I can't even, you know, Thank You And you know nothing what I'm saying Too much.


Strike Them down My heart. I hate that. Strike them down, Lord. Ladies and types. Do think people Have a, do you think people have my time is if I know, but do you think people have a problem with God? No. No, no, No, No, no. Absolutely not. Emini Here, most people honor, respect everybody. I Know Respect, yeah. My whole life has been God fearing. But see, I think that I, I think that you have to show, prove that through actions. You know what I'm saying? I think it's one thing to say, oh, I believe in God, I love God it's name. But do you really try to at least strive to move the way God would want you to move? Okay. I think that's the difficult Okay. Part. So it's not the, it is not the, the, it is not the, it's not the belief, it's the behavior.


Yes. Mm. I think a yeah, yeah. Sometimes It's the behavior of the messenger. What you Mean? Some, somebody will say, I have an assignment, right? Like you said, I have an assignment and maybe your assignment is to help Jess in her situation and her problems. And maybe you do, but then you as a person is not coming from the perspective of somebody giving the assignment. You see what I'm saying? So let's say if you are here to help Jess in her life and whatever it may be, but you know, you cheating on your wife with Charlemagne. It's, it's, I look at it as, as what He just, that's his example. That his Example. But I just look at it as, You even know you like light-skinned men. Relax. It's not gonna be the thing. But I look at it as you're giving the assignment, but the person giving the assignment is not living the life.


I disagree with that, But that's what, a little bit, that's what makes me hard to see. Because you're giving the excitement, but you're not living right. It's like, are you really giving the excitement? Nobody around Jesus was living. Right. That's all I about to say like, was your, was your teacher living algebra? Like, you know what I'm saying? Can somebody give No. I'm Saying Can somebody give you information that'll help you? Yes. Yes. That's still flawed. That still, yeah. Right. But sometimes it's like, is that information true? If you out there selling crack every night, giving crack to our youth, you might be helping, I feel you, me, and saving me. But then you're killing a hundred others. It's like, is that it's hard coming from God or is that coming from a negative, an evil, the devil. You see what I'm saying? So it's kind of hard. I got You. Hard to trust it. Separate and trust it.


That's the Discernment comes in. Right? That's still plant. Exactly. So you need the spirit as well. You know what I'm saying? That's what I think. So when I said how you feel about God, I was gonna ask how you feel about all of that. You said you're too grown for the Holy Ghost, but It's because I think they be playing. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you're saying. The anti And some people, some people do. They do. Most do most, most, most. You be seeing 'em Harlem Shake. I'm like, nah, ghost. They ain't making you Harlem Shake in church. Man. I cut it out, man. I got a whole routine. Most embrace the cut out. They got the routine, they got some choreography for praise. We talking about the Holy Ghost, I think most embrace the culture of church, but not the Christ of them. You know what, Emini here. Not, not Christ. I think that culture, that's the issue as well. I think when you, when you try to move without the spirit of God, not just the word of God, but the spirit of God.


This is, this is where personal relationship comes in. When you try to move or live your life without the spirit of God, that is your guide, that is your direction. The Holy Ghost, the Bible said, the Holy Spirit comes to lead into, guide us into all truth. So there's a lot of wisdom and truth that will we forfeit by not being led, by the spirit of God, by being led by Google and by being led by other things like that. Even a therapist, I will add, the Bible says, add to your faith knowledge, but add to your faith. I think we let knowledge replace our faith. We let counsel replace our faith. Every new information you get as a believer should add to, to your faith. And that comes through discernment and knowing the spirit of God.


So take the time to develop that relationship with God. Like, this sounds crazy, but Lord, all right, let me pray. You know what, Emini here, whatever it is, take that time to develop. It is your protection. You know what Emini here from the, from the wolves and sheep's clothing. It's your protection from, from wrong relationships and dating the wrong person. God knows all He knows the person you dealing with. He knows the thoughts and the intents of the, of the, and the motives of the people you dealing with. So the Holy Spirit is a cheat code to help us deal with life. The right to make the right business decisions, to make the right decisions for our children. 'cause this child is different from this one. I can't do that on my own. So when you allow the Holy Spirit to be elite and your guide Emini here, your way will be prosperous.


The Bible says so and you'll be protected because everybody is for themselves in this world. And there's much evil and darkness as you know, as you said, even in, in, in, in clergy collar. Yo. And I'm tired of it. My wife And I are gonna work on, I think a podcast or something called flipping tables, just to kind of like, not to expose nobody, nothing like that. But like, Hey y'all. You know what I'm saying? This is choreo choreography. Praise is not it. You know what I'm saying? We want people to get relationship and not religion, man. So if anything, I'll leave y'all. It will be that. Please, please, please take. Well, you gotta leave This on a prayer. Oh, a prayer. Okay. Yeah. But Oh, you want, oh now you want prayer. Yeah. You want We always, no, I'm just saying you ain't worrying about We did 24 hours ago.


He pray for you Because he might have smoked a cigarette outside came. Do you wanna, you wanna ask That or you wanna ask Where I was last night before you received my prayer? Yeah, You can pray for me in the corner. Sorry. Thank You. Thank you, thank you. No, but I guess that is important. 'cause we never saw presidents or, or, or we never saw Obama or his family partying. Yeah. Because he had to be the president, you know? Understand what I'm saying? So it's very important as leaders what your image is to the people. Absolutely. But part of it to me, I don't know maybe 'cause I'm, I'm Always found God in the most unlikely places. What You mean By that? Because he is always in the most serious. No, I'm just saying like seriously, I understand what envy's saying, but I think sometimes you will miss a message from God because you Judging, judging The person.


Don't The appearance or not Judgment of the messenger. You know what Emini here? Yeah. And sometimes that's who God is working through. That's What they, they what you was like, who is this guy that ain't the Savior. That's not him. They miss the Savior of The World still to this day because of how he was presented. So, but I think you have to know him to see him in, in things. You can see him in the most unlikely places. 'cause you, you know him Well If you know God and you, you'll recognize him in everybody else. Exactly. I can see him in movies, comic box. I could see him on his wall. I could see that right. Anywhere because I know him. So nothing from without can defile you. I always was taught you can't go to clubs or when we grew up, you couldn't go to nothing. We couldn't go to movies. We couldn't go bowling. We couldn't play basketball because it was just drinks there, just da da da, whatever.


I'm about to say, what's wrong with Bowling? Drinks? Drinks. Yeah. Put your fingers in the holes. Jesus. Jesus Christ. He shout out. I Got it. I didn't know. I just saw a clips. But he really shout out for Real. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's the pamphlet. Right. But I had to learn nothing from without can defile you. If it's in you, it's in you. If you ratchet, you don't need music to, to it's, that's right. You know what I'm saying? Yes it is. It is in, it only exposes what's already in you. Yeah. So we got to change and challenge what's in us. Absolutely. Oh, I got one last question. You just made me think of something. Let's do it. This, this conversation, me and Jess had when they had the New Year's Eve thing and they did the swag surf in the church.


Oh, Thank y'all for having me, man. Appreciate it. Yeah. I Thought it was very much clowned out. No, no. Tell them what you thought. Tell, tell her pastor what you thought up here. I didn't think it was anything wrong with it. 'cause my whole thing was they doing it outside the church anyway. Yeah. You know what Emini here. So if you're having a, and it wasn't like it was a regular church service. It was new New Year's Eve, they partying. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So I didn't What did you think? You thought Differently? I thought that, I thought that all of them were clowns. I'm very much sorry about that. But you Said all of them were clowns. Everybody was clowns because that was the explicit version being played. Just like I told Charlamagne, I'm like, nah, I didn't grow up like that in church. Like it's just certain things you don't play with. I yeah. You get swag and surf all day. I even if he disagree, I don't care. Yeah. I I still think that it was clown off.


Nah, I agree. I agree with you in that the, the lyrics was like, Yeah, I can believe I was hearing That surf all day. Hennessy. Yeah. I got Patron on my aunt. This girl got a bad bitch behind me and a friend right beside me didn't play a clean version Though. They didn't play clean version. No, it was an explicit version. I think that was a, a mistake in production or something like that. I don't think that was intentional. I think it's Very much intentional because you think so personal play Pride was it was a youth, a little youth A youth pastor. Yes. And was like, you know what, I'm gonna just play this by mistake on purpose. But if it Was the clean version, you've been okay with my mistake. If it was the Clean version, you'd have been okay with it. You could Swag surf in church. Yeah. But why does it have to be too the song We can swag surf towards high drum or we can swag surf to the Kirk Franklin and Lil baby songs.


I got you on that. We can swag surf to something. We can swag surf to silence. We made it into another year. That's True. You can go to the club after you get out. God bless you here. Alright. Do what You do. So how you feel about this? The instrumental, That's cool. Instrumental, right? We can Instrument, you can put whatever words on top of it you want. Yeah. But you like the lyrics and everything in there. I didn't have a problem with it, man. Really? Because you know, they gonna listen to it anyway outside. Yeah. And it's just like, just a dirty version of it. Dirty version of church. And in my mind I'm like, yeah, whoever was in that church that night is coming back. And to me that's more important. If She was in that church, she wouldn't come back. I definitely wouldn't even I right in that in the middle. I think the church and I'm, I'm the wildest, craziest, I'm, I'm with everything. I swag, whatever. Right.


I still think that the church should have something a sacred, like What? Sacred don't You gotta meet people where they are. They say, they say meet people where you, where they Are. He take that and they run with that though. Im not with that. Nobody, No, nobody met. If Jesus met somebody where they were, he literally went to them. Like when they come to church, they're meeting you where you are. Come for The Path to go. The strip Club is what you're saying. That's what you saying I with, I'm saying you think should be across the street from the trip club so that when they come out. Got you. Yeah. Not inside. Ty, have you ever been to a Strip club? I I have been to a strip club. I Have. Yeah. Yeah. You have? I have been to a strip club. What I'm asking you saw a strip club?


Yeah, it was a, what birthday was it? I'm 48 now. I, I just wanted, it was one of them, them years when I was like, forget the church bump that I'm going, I'm going there. I did not enjoy, I went one time in my entire life. Did you pray over the girls? I didn't pray over 'em. No, I didn't. I didn't pray. I prayed over myself more than anything in Did. Yeah. Like please. I did not like it. Huh? Why didn't you like it? Oh man, for Real. Well, your wife is so nevermind. No, no, No. Did you go I didn't enjoy, I didn't, I have never talked about this in my life. I, except people who know me for real. I have. I didn't enjoy the performers. What state was it?


Florida. Should have went to Atlanta. No, Florida. Couldn't you Emini here. Florida. Atlanta. Crazy. You went do, especially in Miami. Yeah. So I didn't enjoy, I didn't enjoy the the, the performers. Yeah. And I was like, this is why I don't belong here. Yeah. Booby trap wasn't open back then. You the love booby Trap. It's okay. Or Perfections. I, I think I'm, I think God was like, you got it out. You good. The little prodigal moment that you straight. Right. So this is what you wanted. Did you you I'm like, man, it, this is not, it's not all the crap. God had all the fours and fives there that night. So all the tens was on Tuesday. You shoulda, God knew what he was. I don have time for this chances on Tuesdays I had, I left. Yo, I I never, I Never ever decided to go back, ever.


It was Horrible, bro. Yeah, It was horrible. Man. Can you pray for this stupid show? Can you please very much. Hey, first Of all, thank y'all for being like cultural leaders. Man. I, I, I appreciate what what y'all do for, for, for the culture, y'all. Thank you brother. It is amazing what y'all do here. Thank you. Thank you for keeping it positive. And you crazy. Y'all all crazy. But that's, that's, that's who we are. And yeah, we're not ashamed of who we are. Let's pray for a minute. Thank you. Oh, okay. Father God, I thank you for this opportunity to just, to pray over these blessed people and, and this show. I pray now, God, that you just continue to be our guide and our lead. There are so many needs just in this room and so many needs of people that are listening. We can't solve every need.


We don't know every need, but you promise to supply every need. So I pray from emotions to finances, to, to mental health, to physical health, to relational security. I pray that you just supply every need. Once we're in scarcity and we need, we get desperate and we do things that's not even in our character. So may we never be insecure and may we never lack anything. And when we never fear perfect love, cast out all fear. Fill us with your perfect love today. And we won't fear anything. We won't fear the enemy. We won't fear the way of The World. We won't fear anything because we are loved by you.


Let everybody know for an assurety that they are loved crazy and all backslid and all, not whatever, whatever state we're in. It does not disqualify us from your everlasting love. So embrace us with that today. In the name of Jesus. Bless everyone. Bless Charlamagne, bless envy. Bless Jess. Bless this show. God let it be a beacon of light and a beacon of hope to everyone who listens. Let it put a smile on people's face. Put joy in their heart and a happiness in their day. I thank you for the opportunity to pray over this And I pray in Jesus' name that it prosperous in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Prosper brother Tie Trippit. Hey, I Love y'all man.


Thank having you so much. Man. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like tco, tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.