
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


This Christmas. So You're her, Right? You're the boxer Experience, the incredible true story. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my baby going To the Olympic. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. I'm been Trained for this gold medal. I'm gonna need exactly what the man Gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13, only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


What up y'all? It's DJ Envy and Tournament Time is officially here. So fill out your brackets and place your bets on who you think will rise to the top with my partners at DraftKings Sportsbook. Right now, all new customers who bet $5 will get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings app now and sign up using my code TBC. The crown is yours. That's right. New customers can bet $5 on anything and receive $150 in bonus bets instantly. Staying on the action. And use your $150 bonus bets on DraftKings same game. Par lays for a shot at an even bigger payout combined with multiple bets together from the same game, including total point score, number of rebounds by your favorite player and more. If sports betting is not in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on the fun with DraftKings daily fantasy and have a shot at cash prizes as well.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. The fucking legend, man. Bill Burr. Welcome. Hey. Hello. How are you? How You feeling? I'm all right. You all right? Yeah. When you hear the word legend, do you just feel old or you feel like I'm accomplished? Ah, I don't know what I feel. I I I never feel like I, you know this, you know how this business is, you feel like, you know, any moment, like whatever you got is gonna go away. So I just, I don't pay attention to that stuff. I obviously like it. No legend doesn't make me feel old. It makes me feel good. But when somebody's like, ah, man, I grew up on your comedy.


Yeah. I started listening to you when I was eight. I'm like going like, oh my God. You're seeing, they're like, you know, divorced. You're like, oh God, how old am I? So yeah, I would say that's the type of stuff that makes me feel old. I wanna, I wanna go back a little bit, if you don't mind. Okay. I wanna, I wanna know, you know, what got Bill Byr into comedy Dramatic childhood was, Sorry. You nobody, nobody Happy gets into this stuff. Then the delusions of fame get into your head and then you somehow get into it. No, Emini here. I definitely liked it when I was growing up, but I got into it by chance where, you know, I'm old man. So, like, I was watching it in the seventies and eighties, but like, show business was like a, it was a million miles away.


It was impossible. It was not something that you could do, right? Like, you know, just take out a camera and start filming yourself. So I Where did you grow up? I grew up Massachusetts. Massachusetts, okay. Suburbs. So I thought like, you know, you had to be in Hollywood to get into it. Like, I had no idea there was this huge standup scene in, in Massachusetts. So I was working in a warehouse And I was working with this guy and he was into standup the way I was. And he was funny as hell. And one night we were, we used to used to go over to his house, have a couple of beers before we went out, you know, save some money. And he was, we were watching standup, he was going, bill, we're funnier than these guys. Like, and you know, he goes, one, one night I'm gonna take a shot at Jack Daniels and go up on stage.


And that's when it stopped being on tv and it was next to me. And I started thinking like, oh wait a minute. If he can try it, I can try it. And still took me another five years to figure it out. I started, I started kind of late. Did you ever Feel like you had to wear a dress to suck a cock To get on in Hollywood? Jesus Christ. No. And that whole theory is ridiculous. Yeah. That that's what's going on out there. Yeah. That there's more pedophiles in Hollywood than there are in plumbing. It's, it's, it's like, it's, it's, it's a problem. Why plumbing? I don know just like regular jobs. They're acting like they're acting like every pedophile in jail. Like created, you know, freaking, you know, star Wars war.


Yeah. It's like, it's no, it's like they're like, they're going, that's what's going on. What's funny is what's going on in Hollywood is going on in, in most businesses where it's like, there's a lot of people working overtime, not getting paid, not getting credit and getting pushed down. And people at the top taking more and more. But the problem with Hollywood is, is those idiots stay in Hollywood and they look at most of the country like flyover states. That's right. And then they go on these stupid, you know, award shows and they talk down to 'em. That's right. And then that makes them hate them. And then they love to see somebody going down. It's, the whole thing is, it's like traveling is depressing. Yeah. Because what you find is everybody really is the same, like all of this stuff, like, you know, all these people are evil doers and they're this and that.


And you go over there and it's just, everybody's the same. You know, everybody you know, wants to have money to have a sandwich. You wanna find love, you wanna be feel safe. Yeah. That's, everybody is like that. But then they just, they just, you know, the sociopaths get the dumb people wound up. I Feel like New York and LA have no idea what the rest of the country is actually like. If you grew up in New York or you grew up in la you don't know what the real world you in a bubble is. Like, Dude, new Yorkers are some of the worst traveled people you ever gonna meet. They're hilarious. Everywhere they go, they would go to Guam and be like, oh, I, I go to Guam, I try to get a bacon, egg, and cheese. And the ladies looking at me like, what are you talking about? This place sucks.


Where are the skyscrapers? Like that's what cracks you about New York is they're like, what? It's like, the point of traveling is to get something different. Like they go to LA and they try to get a bacon, egg, and cheese. It's like, get a taco. What are you doing? Winning Rome. Right? Yeah. I wouldn't come here and try to get a burrito. I've seen Mexican foods here. I just start laughing. It's like, nah, I'm not doing that. Closest music got is Taco Bell. That's, that's usually what New York has. I love that you said that. 'cause Mexicans all think that white people think Taco Bell is authentic Mexican food. It's like, we're not that dumb. That is crazy. No, that is so dumb. Yeah, I know. Olive Garden is not Italian food. Italian. Correct. I understand that. They have hoard it out.


What Did Bill bur want to be before he became a comedian? You just always wanted to do comedy. I was just failing at everything. I did horrible in school. I did good in school until it mattered. It was weird. I did really good right up till eighth grade. And then once college started paying attention, I don't know, I just, that's, you know, I'm not gonna get into it. But that's when all, all like the, the, the ass hit the fan with a lot of stuff. So then, yeah. I don't know. When I tried construction, I wasn't good at that landscaping. I worked in warehouses. I knew I didn't want a boss. And I also knew that I didn't want to go into the same building for more than a year because a few times I had jobs for over a year and there was just something so depressing.


'cause you were working for somebody else's dream. And it was like a year earlier. I was standing right here. I have not moved anywhere. I'm another year older, so Yeah. And I, you got me depressed now. I've been here for 15 years. Yeah. But I wasn't sitting in a throne. Okay. I, I was, I was, I was unloading trus. This guy's drinking from a chalice. Like I feel good about this. My cam my scented candle. No I wasn't, we were like unloading trucks and getting hammered and driving drunk stuff you did in the eighties, Emini here. That was basically what it was. So, and I was going part-time to college 'cause I didn't have money to go to college, so I was paying my own way through it.


And I had already stayed back in first grade, so I just felt like hopelessly behind until I started hanging out, you know, with people that were into comedy. And then somehow I found it and yeah. And I remember doing that. And then I was just like, all right, this is what, this is what I'm supposed to do. 'cause every, everything else I was doing, I just never felt, I always never felt like, this is not it. I don't feel like these people aren't the same kind of weird than I am. You know? Why Do you think you're weird though? Emini here? Like, well, I think we're all like, messed up a little bit. Why don't I think I'm weird? I don't know if I, if I knew why I was weird, I wouldn't be weird. I think, I think you got a lot of common sense. Whenever I hear you speak, I'm like, this guy is just, he's just a common sense human being.


Well, I've learned from a lot of failures. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Your own or Others? Oh, my own. Okay. Okay. Oh, and also others. Well that, you know, I had a great education when I, when I got in to standup, the big eighties, I don Dunno how old you guys are, but the big eighties, I'm 45. Okay. Won 1,978. Okay. So the, the big eighties boom where standup comedy clubs exploded and all that. And then it just got to the point you could just put like a microphone anywhere and people would show up for comedy. So the, the quality of it went down and everybody was doing well. A lot of people were doing blow, getting paid in cash and a blow and all of that type of stuff. And then it all came crashing down. And then the IRS showed up and everything. And then I, then I started, like, I walked in like, you know, the end of the party balloons were on the ground, confetti, everybody passed out And I saw all these headliners that were getting their wages garnished and they had to talk to the IRS to go do some, you know, funny bone in another state and everything.


So my generation kind of learned like, all right, man, you can party this away in about seven, eight crucial years. So I, you know, I, I learned from that. And then, you know, any young comics watching this, your twenties and thirties are difficult because you're struggling. And then also you do that comparison thing like when you started the same time I did, and you are here and I'm here, so I must be doing something wrong. And then I start hating you for some stupid reason. And then like, that takes up a lot of energy. And then one day you just basically figured out like, all right, I'm making the decisions here. I, you know, I'm doing well and not doing well by what I'm thinking rather than this, this other stuff. Did you ever wanna quit once?


No. One time I thought I wasn't gonna make it. It was the only time I ever thought it. When was this? You bombed? No, no I haven't all the time. That's just part of this stuff. I was doing the, I'm not gonna say where I was 'cause it's a sad story. I don bum you out. Okay. So I was doing this, this, this, this club that I'd just been going to for years and years and years and years and years. Every other year I'd go there, new Hour, gonna get 'em, you know, I, you know, I'm in with the warning radio guys and the same 30 people were showing up. So it was after the late show. And I was sitting there, you know, wreaking of smoke 'cause you could smoke all three shows, smelled like I fought a fire. My eyes were all burning And I was just looking at the wait staff and they were lifers.


They had been there before and they were older, a little bit heavier. And they were counting up their money and they were smoking their cigarettes. And the same amount of people had showed up. And that was the first time I, I like this thought went in my head like, of like, wait a minute, am I the guy who doesn't make it? Oh my God. The panic of that. I went back to the comedy condo And I was just laying in bed trying to turn it around and my brain was just, no, no, you the guy's not gonna make it. So that was really, yeah. Then I got back to New York and it was better. You know, like I came, you know, after the gig I came back and then just like the energy, I had a couple of good sets.


You know, Sunday night at the Boston Comedy Club was a huge, was a huge turning point for me in my career. Probably how I ended up here right now. And that, that would, that would get me to think positive. And you said you never bombed. Right? And I, I I, I didn't say Bomb Bombed all the Time. You have, but I don't think you bomb Bill. I think that people don't know if they should laugh at what you're saying. You know what, Emini here. Well maybe now, but No, no. Oh my God. Back then you just, oh, I remember bombing so bad one time. There's this comedy club called Mixed Nuts that's now called the Comedy Union. And that was the black club. Right. So I went down there and it's funny, I started doing those rooms because I used to listen to Richard Pryor.


So like his albums were so live that you could like picture the crowd. So I had this idea of what a crowd looked like. It was weird. I'm white as hell And I like, that was my idea of what a crowd was. So I some, you know, ended up doing those rooms along with the white rooms. Right. So I was on stage bombing so bad. Like, like this right here. Silence. And I just remember hearing this woman's voice in the back. She just goes, I ain't laughed yet. About 10 minutes. Damn. And then that was the biggest laugh of the set. Everybody laughed and then they just started talking amongst themselves. And I did not, I didn't know how to turn it around. It was, there's something, it's bad enough bombing in front of your own people, but bombing in front of another race of people.


Yeah. Knowing that you're taking down a bunch of other white comics with you. Like, Because you represent for all white Comics. Everybody. It's just like, I, I don Watch people aint funny, this corny ass mother, you know. Oh man. It's just, it's not just me. You know others out there. They're funny. Yeah. It was bad. You liked Richard Pryor. What's your favorite Richard Pryor album? Love. Hmm. Maybe it was it something I said the one, I can't say. The one that Came on 82 was Super, one half of them have the n word in it. You're gonna get me in trouble half. That was a set question at day. Right. I'm lucky I got a good night's sleep. I would've been like, oh, I like that m Edward crazy. I will say I bought, I bought his albums 'cause he just looked funny.


That was the first one I bought that m Edward crazy one. When he, he was pointing like that. Just, he just looked funny. And that's how I bought the first Eddie Murphy up. I bought the first Eddie Murphy album. 'cause I was like, well he's also black. He must be funny. And that was the first one we had the rose in his ear. You see how that Works? So you did represent for all white comics because you see one funny black comic, you think? Yeah. Yeah. That that's how it, no, that's how it works. It, it's almost like I found a genre of music. So I, I would listen to, I listened to all of his stuff And I just, there was something about the way he did it, which I didn't understand it as a kid, but the way he did it, the way he trashed white people, he got you to listen to 'em and laugh at yourself. Where I think when, by the time Def Jam came around crack eighties and all of that, like where black comedy was, it was like, all right, I'm enough for this.


Like sort of pussyfooting around, you know. So then it was more like, it was like a different thing. But like, what I loved about Richard was like, you like rooted for him. You felt like you knew him. It was really insane. I, I like, And I think he's the greatest of all time. And I think it's even close During that time, during that era when it seems like that crack time where Def Comedy Jam and, and the comedy shows. Was it hard for you to book in those black rooms? Was it like, here comes the white Comedian again? No, that was the irony. It was hard for them. And you had to book you Yeah. You had to like vouch for 'em and everything and the, the the club owners right in front of 'em. Yeah. You don't do that Def Jam stuff, do you? You're not like MF and m Fing talking about, you know, I, I don't know what I can say on this show.


Yeah, you're not, you're not saying you're not. Oh wait, you said sucking dick earlier. What am I thinking? I start, I set the tone. I Think that Was a personal combo. I don Go. Yeah. So they would literally say that and that was embarrassing when you'd be standing there going like, eh, so but what they're, they, you'd come on. They didn't is they would Just say, yeah, go up, do your thing. And they, I felt like guys, like all those guys I worked for Talent. Drew Frazier. Oh yeah, yeah. Rob Stapleton, Capone, Kelly General Kelly Har, Kelly Capone, all the New York Kings. I used to do all of those rooms and oh God, those are all the memories of that one.


I remember Gerald Kelly had a room, oh god, that was a brutal room. It was somewhere in like Newark in like the two thousands. And I remember that sh I remember this comedian, was it Ra ra g or something? Roger? Yep. Yeah. Rest her soul. She was on stage and she's super loud and she was super loud and they weren't laughing at anything and she entered a seat. She's like, God damn. She's like, I don't know who's coming up next, but he better be funny 'cause you motherfuckers ain't laughing at shit. And then she brought me up. Dang. Ladies And gentlemen, bill Bar. Oh Get a laugh at least. No. Oh. Oh, you know what's weird? I went up, had an okay set And I felt like I bombed anything.


And randomly Chris Weber was there and he came up and he told me I was funny. And it was little things like that because I'm like, well this guy's famous, this guy's successful. He thinks I'm funny. So I think I'll be all right. Do you change your set when you're doing black rooms versus white rooms? I try not to. Early on I did. I'd be on stage and I'd be, all of a sudden I'd hear myself tagging all my jokes with, you know what I'm saying? And I'd be, I'd be like, why am I doing that? Why am I doing that? Stop, stop doing that. But you just would. And then there was an easy way, there's an easy way to get through those rooms. You can just be like, I'm the white guy and I'm scared. And that's sort of how you do it initially just to get your feet wet in those rooms.


And then basically then it becomes like, now can I actually go up here and talk about what I want to talk about? Wear a Bruins t-shirt, you know, hockey, t-shirt, whatever. I started experimenting with that. And I remember Patrice giving me rest his soul Patrice one knew Yeah. Going like, Bill's trying to do his white shit in these black rooms. So, so sometimes it worked, sometimes it all depended on the crowd. It all depended on the crowd. But I felt like it's a weird thing where I feel like it's harder to be a black comic in a black room than it is to be a black comic in a white room and vice versa. Because you can just play fish outta water. Yeah. Like, oh wow, this is all different. Gee Louise. You know, I'm all nervous up here.


And just literally play into the stereotype. That's the easy laugh. I guess a little hacky though though. A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, but not early on. Okay. I forgive any of it. 'cause you're just trying to survive. 'cause it's like, you know, that's like not something like white people don't experience being the only you a lot, you know, we just sort of walk in, oh, more white shit. You know? And you just lived that. So the first experience that, and that's what's funny, when I first started doing those rooms, I didn't see black people as individuals. I just saw black people. And, and as I kept doing them and doing them, I started to see individuals, oh this guy's like my buddy Mitch. This guy's like, you know. And I, I started to see, oh, this guy's a good guy.


This guy's a piece of shit. This guy steals jokes. This guy's, you know. And it's like, oh, this is just like white people. I was gonna ask, you know, back in the day what you named some of those comedians from Talent to Capone. It seems like comedy had a, a, a brotherhood like y'all all f with each other, other. Now it doesn't seem like that, especially with Kat William throwing missiles at everybody. Was it a brother hood back then? Or was it always competition and, and Missiles throwing? No, it always was. It's just you couldn't, you couldn't air your grievances on social media and that type of stuff. Like, no, there still is like a, there still is like a comrad, especially the people that you like, you start out with, when you go up and you're doing like open mics and stuff, it's just one impossible situation after another.


And you just get thrown into these things and you sort of bond with each other through just, you know, Emini here I did gigs, like we don't have a microphone. Is that gonna be a problem? We're just gonna have you stand here in this hall. Oh my God. No. It was just like, some of the stuff, some of the places. And then you would just, what kept you going? Was your friend in the crowd laughing at you watching you trying to figure this situation out? So there's definitely that. But you know, people focus on the negative or whatever. So Emini here, generally speaking, we, we, we get along. It's no more, more different than other other stuff.


Now. Now when you see the black comedians going back and forth with each other, what, what, what do you think about that? Or do, do you even look at it as black comedians or you just look at it as comedians? No comedians. 'cause white comedians are doing it too. Really? Mm. Yeah. There's What's y'all club? What's your club? What's y'all club? Shaha. Oh, you know, I don't know. 'cause I'm old, but like, there's definitely, you know, I'm an old school guy where I look at all that stuff. Like that's locker room stuff. And if you have problem with somebody, you should go to them and say it. That's how I came up. And then also like, I, you know, this business is difficult. I don't need to make it any more difficult. There's people I like, people maybe I don't like, but I don't need to walk around like, what good does that do me to do? That's, but that's me.


So, you know, other people do it differently. Have you ever heard that somebody didn't like you for a reason? Any any particular reason? Yeah, people thought I was a dick. They thought I was like aloof. 'cause I, when I first started they thought I was like, you know, if you're quiet and you're actually doing well, people get in their head and they thought, oh, he's not talking to me 'cause he doesn't like me. And it wasn't, I was like a mess. I was questioning everything that I had done in the previous five minutes. But some people took it like, he's not talking to me 'cause he doesn't think I'm funny. So I definitely had a few of those And I was also an angry guy, so I probably, yeah. What You angry about?


Jesus? Just stuff I don't wanna get into. Okay. Just stuff that makes you be a comedian. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The usual. I have, I have the, the, you wanna talk about hacky? I have all of the hacky background you need to get into this business. So, you know, I could have had a much simpler life. I think a I think a lot of us Emini here I deal with, you know, anxiety on a high level. You know what Emini here, I think a lot of people do. But I think most people who have a high level of self-awareness really do because we're just aware that we're dealing with something that we're willing to acknowledge and other people aren't. Yeah. Emini here. Every time I think I'm getting sane, I, I, I don't know, something else happens.


And like, you know, like having kids and stuff really, you know, it, it really holds a mirror. My daughter said the cutest thing to me the other day. She goes, dad, can you stop being mad now? And I just burst it out laughing. I was like, yeah, all right, all right. That's cool. But the way I came up, I would never say that to my dad. So I do feel like I've, I've done what I do like about my kids is that they're not afraid of me at all. They treat me like a freaking bouncy house. But, so yeah, I've tried to, I've tried to, you know, I've tried to undo some things. Yeah. They're not afraid of you 'cause you're probably raising them with love. Our, at least my dad. He raised me with fear. I believe he was afraid that I would make the same mistakes he made.


Oh. Everyone was afraid of that. You were afraid of other people's dads when I was growing up. 'cause they could hit you. Yeah. So like, and they had big cars and they were always mad. Yeah. And they were coming home and you just saw like, you know, like their wife scampering back into the house, you know, as they were pulling into the driveway. Yeah. They men were scary when I was growing up. So I, I probably overcorrected or whatever, but I'd rather have 'em coming up this way. Yeah. My kids allowed, you know, we were not loud. We were loud when mom was home. When dad was home, everybody just shut the hell up. And when he left it was like, it was like a stack of bricks off your chest. Yeah. Wait until your dad got home. Oh my God.


Those were Some, yeah. You know what's funny was he actually was a big softie. Was also, it turns out that way. My mother was the one that beat us. Oh damn. Yeah. Yeah. We deserved it. You said earlier you always feel like things will be taken away from you. Like is that something from childhood or is that cancel culture? Like what do you mean when you say That ma, this is before cancel culture. Well, 'cause you, I would, you would see guys like idiots would get a show on the air and then immediately go buy a big house and a car. But back in the day they would say, you gotta wait till the third season so you know that it's rolling. And you would watch guys blow all their money. I watched people get deals up at Montreal and they put it all in the.com stock market.


I knew that was, I, I stayed away from that shit when I was at the comic strip and comedians stopped talking about comedy and they were talking about stocks going like, you know, it's gonna split again. It's definitely gonna split again. I'm like, you are a dummy. You are a dummy. I'm a dummy. We should not be talking about this shit. So I didn't put in, but I saw guys lose all their money that way. There was guys I used to be, you know, looking up like, oh my God, how do you get to that level? And then the, their stuff starts to go like that. Like this, this business is, it's not for the, for the week and you gotta save your money. Mm. I don't know. I'm trying to come with something positive here. It's a fun job though. It's a fun job. This is a callback fun.


When you saw those white comics on that level, did you say to theyself he sucked the dick to get there? Or did he wear a dress to get there? Like where does That, what is that, what is that theory? Where does that stigma come From? Because that I'm asking you, you brought that up twice. Twice. Oh Yeah. 'cause that's the, that's the, that's the stigma. Like, you know, the stigma is for black comics, you gotta wear a dress to get to a certain level or you know, you have, who Did that Shit according to Kat Williams? About 20 feet? Well, it to Milton Burrow. Milton Burrow made a whole career. Yeah. Like be like that comes from vaudeville. Robin Williams. Yeah. Yeah. He played Mrs. Doubtfire. Tom Hanks was on Bosom Buddies. Oh yeah. Emini here. It was just like, it was kind of the, you know, oh, we don't have a good idea.


Let's put a guy in a dress. Yeah. That's, that's kind of what it was. But I understand, you know, that's just one of those white things where I don't have to look at it like, oh, they're doing this 'cause they're trying to belittle me. 'cause they don't see me as human. I don't have to deal with all the stuff you guys gotta deal with. So like, I don't know if it, it, it's, how much of that's true? How much of it's paranoia? I Emini here? I can't speak on that. I have no idea. But like, you know, I, I don I don't You never wore a dress. Yeah. And that whole sucking a dick thing. Like, it's like, are gay in Hollywood? You just sort of No, you did. I said, You never wore a dress. He said, nah, not that. Or that's whole sucking a d That's Just not, it's not my No, it's more like you create a show, you go in, you pitch it to these people, they somehow take control of it.


You lose the creative by credit. They make all the money. You don't. That's, that's the way it usually works. It's not, it's not like you want a TV show, huh? All right. Crawl into my desk like, and you better do it good. 'cause I got another 40 guys waiting to suck their stick. It's like, that's just, I think a lot of people want it to be that way. Yeah. Because it just makes them feel better about their lives, failures and where the fuck they're at. But it's just like, yeah, like most of Hollywood is overworked, underpaid people not getting credit for some shit that they created. And it, it happens to everybody. It happens at different levels. And you have to learn how to protect yourself.


And nobody teaches you, you just go in there taking punches and then you go, oh, you know, and that, that's usually how you learn. Unless there's a comic that kind of takes you under his, under his wing or something and, and teaches you like, look out for this. They're gonna try to do that. Damon Waynes was great at that. Oh, word. I I I've heard that before. That He was great at that. Like, he barely knew me and he ca you know, and he said, Hey, I saw you on tv. You were funny. Remember we standing out in front of the cellar. He goes, what do you got going on? And he just stood there Damon way. I couldn't believe it. He just stood there and for like 20 minutes and he's going, huh. All right. All right. This is what they're gonna try to do. And he just brought it. I was going like, oh my God, I had no idea this did, this business was so ruthless.


But I never forgot that. And that was something that I learned. It's like, all right, so if I get somewhere like my job's to tell the younger kids, you know how they're gonna try to come in? That's how they fuck you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They don't care about, they can get a hooker anytime they want or whatever the hell they want. They're trying to take your ideas and, and get the money. They got all kinds of stuff. They have. Like, you remember back in the day, there was like points on a show how many points you had. Yeah. And they have literally invented points that didn't mean shit. So you would be, you got 40 points. I only got 30, but mine means something. Yours don't mean anything. It's the whole thing is Yeah. Like here's one for you. It's way harder to prove somebody stole from you then defamation of character.


Mm. We'll figure that one out. So that basically protects the thieves. So when somebody steals from you, I can't then go around town and say, this guy stole from me. Stay away from him, blah, blah. If that gets back to him, he can sue me and he can just come up with the phony cost report. Well, well this mouse was $30,000 and this was 15. And, and whittle down what he stole. And they get away with it. Wow. Had that experience. Will it, will it ever be fair? Will there ever be No. 'cause human beings are completely flawed and it's God's fault. 'cause that's how he makes this. Damn. So you need to stop going on Sunday praising him. You need constructive criticism. Stop man. What's Jesus? Jesus Christ. No, I just don't let people freak out. Freak out when you, when you, when you start making fun of God.


Uncomfortable. Alright, bill Bar, thank you for joining us. I'm down to hear you. I'm down to hear it out. I'm down to, all right. No, I just, it's just an astoundingly like, not even dumb, just not having empathy, which is the first level of intelligence is if you can't take yourself outta yourself and look at somebody else, see the situation and hear it there, there's, there's just a level of, of life and living life you're not gonna get past. That's, you're just not gonna get past. And also they gotta stop naming stuff deliberately confusing. Like White Privilege. Every white person I knew was like, I didn't grow up rich. Mm. That's how we took that shit. I don't know why. I don't know who names this shit, but like, I didn't know what it meant.


I was like, whatcha talking about, I grew up in a duplex with fucking squirrels in The World. So what would you call it? What would I call White Privilege? No, I would, oh, well that's a good question. Oh, I don't, being white. I don't know. I don't know being white. I'm not, I'm, I'm not good at this like, coming up with band names and shit like that. But like, I, it's, I didn't love like, like it meant how you like move through the earth, through The World. Right. So one of the things I've been kind of having fun with in the red states is talking about the clan. And now there's all this stuff you can't do anymore, but you can still join that group. And I go, that's a great example of White Privilege that you can grow. You can still join a terrorist organization as a white person, and it's protected on, there's freedom of speech.


And they start saying, well, you know, I, I don't wanna do the whole bit 'cause I want, I want to flesh this thing out for, for, but that's, but they sit there. And then that's one of the most fun things about doing standup is going to a place like that and doing some stuff like that and getting them to hear it and then going to LA and kind of doing like the same thing because they think the people in Hollywood think that you just put a BLM sign in the window and that means, you know, you're like a saint. And it's like, you haven't done anything. What you basically did was appeased your, your sense of responsibility. What are you talking about? I, I put a stein in the window.


I'm on the right side of history. Or my favorite one was, was white people marching in BLM marches filming themselves or Instagram. Like, look what a great person I am. So it's just like, I, I don't know. I don't know. I human beings are, are interesting. Is there comedy to be found in this year's election? Emini here, the joke I've been doing, they're like, this election is like, you know what Hollywood makes a shitty movie. You're like, man, that movie sucked. And then two years later there's like a sequel and you're like, they're making another one of these. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I look at this. I think basically it's not worth the job's not worth the headache.


And I think that the House and the Senate basically voting that you can't prosecute us for insider trading and they're all worth 20 to $40 million. And you watch CNN and Fox News, you know, who's supposed to be these journalists just completely leave them alone. It's like, why do I want that job? I can just sit here. No one knows who I am other than in my state. I can make my 40 million move to another state. No one knows who I am. You know, get a boat and some coke and some whores and I'm good. Right? Like, that's like, that's how like, they look at it like CNN and Fox. If I was running shit, CNN and Fox News would be shut down. They are, they're anti-American. All they do every day, their business is to divide us. And, and then who they go after. They just go after.


The reason why comedians have been getting so much shit is because we don't advertise on their, their networks. So we're just soft targets. Right. That's why at the beginning of the pandemic, remember that kid who he hoarded all the hand sanitizer. Yeah. One of the greatest fucking gambles ever. Yeah. Because they always, the SARS is coming and all of this shit. This kid said, all right, I think this stuff is real. And he had a whole garage full of hand sanitizer and he was upping the price by a hundred percent and seeing, ah, they were just dragging this kid. How could you, how could you do that? And then meanwhile, like big pharmaceutical companies, it's like four 60 bucks for a leukemia pill and that's totally fine. Why is that fine? 'cause they're making money off him, so they're not gonna like, you know, bite the hand that feeds. So this is the shit that, like, you think about when you're alone a lot on the road and it eventually makes you go crazy.


So I just, I have decided what I, I just sort of like, I, I don't pay attention to like anything. I try not to. But then, and when I do, it's like heartbreaking. Like there's, there's a, there's a documentary about the Ukraine that came out, won an Oscar, And I just saw the trailers. I I just to what? It's the most heartbreaking thing you've ever seen. Yeah. It's almost Like ignorance is a bliss. Right? Like that's what you, you realize the, the less you know the happier you are. Yeah. No. Or like, I don't know. Yeah. It's weird. It's weird. And then dumb people think they know everything. Mm. Lemme show you how this works. I got it all figured out. Yeah. So that's what I realized. Yeah. I don't know. Shit. Does cancel culture scare you at all?


Has it made you change your set? You see a lot of comedians change their set change how they they talk change what they talk about. Well that was something that like most movements started with something good, you know, and then was quickly co-opted by people with their own interest. And then it just completely lost its way. And like, but is it Good though? 'cause 'cause medians were usually the ones that well, I think Didn't care about, Talk about everything make you laugh, you know. But if there was people, no, the, the initial thing that there's these people out there sexually abusing people, like that was good to get rid of those people. That that wasn't bad. But then all of a sudden it's spun into


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. It's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop, Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. A cracker a bat, and Another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What are you talking about in your act? You know, I worked with an actor. She got, she got canceled for an analogy. Oh. The analogy. It, and it was all politics. The girl on Star Wars, I don remember it was, she didn't want to get the, she didn't want to get Covid shot. Right. The, the covid shot. And then she made some sort of Nazi Germany analogy. Right. Oh, that'll do it. Yeah. That'll, that'll be Well, no, it'll do if it, if it goes against the politics, if it went across, if she was coming the other way, if she was coming like the other way, then I don't think it doesn't land that way because I gotta be honest with you, like Hitler and Nazi analogies in comedy are like, are are hacky. It's forever been this guy's the next Hitler or blah blah blah blah blah blah or something like that.


So, you know, like, I don't know. It's so, it's, it's it's, I kind of like didn't really notice it was happening that I, I was kind of a on stage going like, oh, I just said that. What if somebody just takes that clip and does I, I didn't realize I was doing that till I, I did, Dave Chappelle was doing covid shows And I went there and nobody had a phone. And just the freedom of that. Not like I was gonna go up and say something ignorant, but just not having to worry about that when they were really kind of coming for people. 'cause I think it's like died down. But it was a while. It just seemed like they had to throw a log on the fire every month and whether they had somebody or not.


And but the wrong Nazi Germany, Hitler reference will get you in any era. Mm. I look it, it's all, it depends on your intent. You don't anything else today, bill? No. It, No, no. It depends on your intent. I did Nazi jokes when I was in Germany and they would die and laugh 'cause it was just like, Oh, give us one. Huh boy give us one. What edited is it? What Was it? Oh my Goodness. I was just talking about all their accomplishments. I go, you know what's amazing about you guys? You know all the accomplishments you made, you know, with the automobile, you know, weaponry audio tape. I just was listing all their accomplishments. I go and then you just pick one wrong guy and it all goes to hell.


And I just started talking about It's true. Yeah, because and then they filmed it so they can't refute it. Oh, that was a joke I was doing. Yeah. How Germany, they actually have shame for what they did. Mm. And it's not 'cause they're better white people. It's because they're oppressed people. One. Well they have to, they have to acknowledge It. Deification though. That is, that's what, that's what that was. Yeah. It was them having shame for what they did and you know, cleaning everything up. Mm. I find Neo like neo-Nazis are, are fascinating to me. 'cause like they're all like the support the troops people and they're like neo-Nazis and it's like, well, you know, the troops were fighting the Nazis. Like, just how all of that gets blurred after time.


It's weird. Nah. That one little piece you just said, neo-Nazis are fascinating to me. Yeah. Clip That. Throw it on Twitter. Oh yeah, there it is. You'll have a field day. I find them intriguing. How big of a deal is it now for a comedian to have a special? Yeah, I still think it's, it's a, to have a good one. Yeah. Yeah. If you have a a whatever one, it's, I don't know what it's gonna do for you, but I'm old school. I still like, I'm like one of those, you know, the guys now in in, in your business, they just make singles and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's starting to become that like have a special chop it up. That's what the younger kids are doing. I'm still of the, I'm still making albums, so I don't know if that's stupid or whatever, but that's, that's how I do it.


But I, I'm also of the belief that like as long as you're doing quality people are gonna come and see you. Yeah. And staying consistent. This feels like a comedy Ted talk. These are very in depth questions. I just wanna know. I'm enjoying it. And I was, I was performing at Fenway Park. Oh. That was one of those things that was so big. Like I don't think I even mentally dealt it with it until like two years after I did it. 35,000 people. Yeah. Something like that. I felt like I was on Led Zeppelin. They had a police escort. We drove into the thing, you know what's good is I was there for a week because I got family up there. So I always go back in the summer. And you Got a family up there? I have like family relatives.


Jesus. No, no, no. I've lived a lot of lives. I have a family. It's a waitress. Early on in my career we we're in a good place now. No, I was, And I was walking around town and people, Hey man, you know, good luck on the show. You know, blah blah. So I kind of felt like the city was behind me, which was another thing to like have to like think about. So yeah, I went up there and what I didn't realize, realize is like they, they've so perfected the sound and the screens and everything. It was just like this giant comedy club and you was killing me. People kept going like, just make sure you take it all in when you're up there. Just make sure, you know, you take a moment for yourself. It's like, this is comedy. I can't do that. I, I, the second I take a moment for myself, I'm immediately bombing.


So what I kept doing was, during bigger laughs was just looking out over home plate where it said Fenway Park and that was that just, it was mind blowing. And yeah. And then we got, they let us hang up in right fields, smoking cigars. And we, my my family, we used to always get tickets, the blue seats up in right field. So it was kind of up there. It was really? Yeah. That was something. So that was, that was a one time only 'cause they're like, you wanna do it again? It's like, no, no, I don't think there's any point to go back. Lot of requests for tickets. Oh. From people. Ah, you know, it wasn't that bad. It wasn't that bad. You know, it was was nerve wracking though.


Was my high school reunion also was there? No, so they just decided to go to the show and that, and it's just like, that's just like a weird thing where like when I meet people from high school, like, you know, I had a really cool class, so like I'm still the person I was and, and, and so are they. It's just I'm doing this weird thing. So that was kind of, I had to block that out a little bit. Right. It'd be like, you know, all those girls you were afraid to talk to, you go back to being like, you know, little Billy redheaded kid in like ninth grade. That's, so I had to like, okay, I gotta block this shit out and do my job. You Didn't stunt on 'em a little bit. Nah, that I, my time to do that. I blew it And I just accepted, I took the loss And I kept moving forward.


I don't do, I don't go back. Yeah, yeah. No, you married right? Yeah. To A black woman if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. How does that happen? How does that happen? How does that Happen? I'm saying a white guy from Well, I like, you know, I watched different strokes growing up And I had a crush on Janet Jackson. Yeah, yeah. How does that happen? Where'd you meet her? First time I met her, I was with her dad who was booking the Apollo. So I was doing showtime at the Apollo and she was standing out back, oh, She's black, black then. So I was Standing out back, they Never had any light skinned black people in at the Apollo.


It was, my wife is gorgeous, she's gorgeous. So that was one thing, but I, I didn't really, I, I was, I came and was coming up the back stairs and someone was getting booed And I just remember thinking like, why am I doing this? I didn't need to do this. This all started with like that Patrice shit where he was always, you know, fucking with you. So he was like, you have a good set and he would just, and then he started talking about talents, room talent, will's room around the corner saying like, you know, there's a bunch of comics over there that 10 times funnier than all you white guys and da da da da da. And you know, so it kind of felt like, all right. He was like, I just won a championship. And somebody saying, oh, there's some guys across the way that could kick, kick your ass. They're not allowed in the league. So it's like, all right, I gotta go play 'em.


So I started doing those rooms and then that led and then I was thinking like, well this would be great. I'll do the black rooms, I'll also do the white rooms and then I can get that, draw that crowd that I heard on those Richard Pryor albums didn't happen. But I ended up doing the Apollo and that's where I met her. But I met her again on Tough crowd. Hmm. She was doing tough crowd with Colin Quinn and we kind of hit it off. And I remember I just kept asking her around, she just kept being a jerk. And right as I was, typical woman, right The second I was like, you know what the hell with her? The hell with her ended up running into her and then all of a sudden she was like really nice.


And we were hanging out. Oh my God, this guy was cock blocking me so bad that night on such an epic level. You don't blame him obviously. No. It's 'cause no, if it'd be no why? What do you mean Emini here? Because she's so beautiful that you understand why he would cut. No, that's not why he was doing Okay, I got it. No, no, you don't have all the information. Okay. Okay. Gimme the information. Is this guy's advocating cock walker? Like why did you get that chair advocating that shit? No, he was doing it 'cause he was miserable in his own relationship. So like, he saw me like, and it was like, you know, it was like fireworks. Like we just like Emini here. She, she love at first sight basically.


It, it, yeah. Like I've, I've only met two people that had like a vibe like her in my life and the first one was a dude. He was just so that wasn't that one. Wasn't you tight? No. He was like, no, just walked in the room. You know? And you just knew the person was coming in the room. She has that vibe. Right? So hold on. You gotta clear that up. I wanna be clear. But you didn't date the guy had nothing. No. I'm just, just gonna make sure. Is it the first one? Not gonna let, why are black people let go of this homophobia? You always gotta check. I'm just like, what are you doing? I'm for the story. Get manicured eyebrows. Like I'm fucking gonna sit here and act like you are all good over there. Like, you don't swing a leg over the fence every once in a while.


Wait a minute. Yeah. Yeah. You got fucking sandals on and white socks. You look like you just came from a steam room. Travolta. Yeah. Who knows? Well, go ahead. No, I just mean like, like I, I always paid attention to energy 'cause my energy was terrible. I was like all introverted and blah, blah, blah blah. So I was fascinated with people that were just free. So that's what I meant. Got you. Got you, got you. Okay. We gonna go back to sucking dick for a show again. Guys are one trick pony over here. So we go, we go to like hang out, right? No, I'm, so, we're like vibing and everything And I literally had to say to the dude, he was like a chick. I had to be like, Hey man, sorry, I'm not paying attention to you. That's how the fuck was. I was just like, you know, I'm hitting it off there man.


I think this is going all right. Right. So the end of the night comes the end of the standup show and he just comes walking over. He goes, oh. He just goes. So he go, so you, you guys wanna go get something to eat? Right? And he invites her and everybody, now I'm at this fucking table and there was like, you know, 10 other people there and he's all the way down the end and he's still like yelling down shit. Trying to interrupt any of my talking to her. I think Emini here. It was so long ago. I just remember one point the check came And I didn't have any money so I said, I'll put, just gimme the cash, I'll put it on my card. He's like, oh, he's just trying to get the miles. Like that's like, that's how he was doing it. Right. Hating hard. So everybody goes to leave and now it's just, oh no, no, no. It was the middle of the dinner. Right. Or whatever the fuck we were doing the cock block dinner. Right.


And I finally just look at her, I just give up, right? 'cause he won't shut the fuck up. And I finally just looked at her And I go, can I at least split a cab with your home? So she does that female thing. Well how do you wanna split a cab with me? And I just said, fuck it. Right? I was just thinking, I go, 'cause I want to kiss you, right? Oh, okay. Right. So she put her head down and smiled And I was like, I gotta fuck this guy. Yeah. So I let him do all this bullshit. Everybody leaves except for him, me and who's gonna become my future wife. And he literally goes, he goes, Nia, he goes, where do you live? Where do you live? Do you live uptown? And she goes, yeah, I live in town. I go, I live too. He goes, you wanna split a cab? He was trying to leave with her. And she goes, no, I'm taking a ride home.


I'm riding home with Bill. He's going like, oh no. But I live up with, he was so in his shit. He was so in his shit. Like he didn't, she just said, I'm not gonna say his name. She went So and so I'm splitting a cab with Bill And I, And I didn't have to, I didn't have to say shit. I just stood there. And then he oh and he left and it was funny. And the rest is history. I don't, I don't talk to him for four days and he calls me up, he's like, Hey, you know what's going on? I'm like, nothing. What's up? He's like, so like, what? You're not gonna, you didn't call me 'cause you thought I was cock blocking you the other night. And I'm like, you were. He goes, no I wasn't. I'm like, why did you bring it up? So that was the end of that friendship answer.


And then you married and you know, I just don't have time. I don't have time for that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what Emini here. And plus it was also kind of teetering anyways, you know, it was Obvious too. It's like What, you know, your, your woman failed the WNBA joke is one of the greatest social commentaries ever. Yeah. Thank you. I really Emini here. I'm I'm just, I'm saying yes. I appreciate that. How, how'd you get, how did you get to that Conclusion? I was watching ES espn and they were blaming, they were talking about like female sports not getting money and stuff like that and all of that. And like, you're just being in entertainment, it's like you have to put asses in the seats and that's what brings the money in. So there was a point where, you know, professional football wasn't doing as well as college football and they, these guys just kept working in and working it until it became like what it was.


And you know, there's more women than there are men. So like, this is not on us that women sports are the very least aren't being supported, so they're not being supported because you guys aren't showing up. So that was the seed of the bit. And I, I always forget my material. I forget how you pointed To what, what actually is successful that women support. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Reality tv. Yeah. Which is a bunch of women yelling at each other. Yes. Yeah. And fighting, screaming. Yeah. Yeah. Throwing juice and drinks and water. Yeah. My wife likes those shows. Have you seen the Texas, the, the former Texans Funny that plays for the Steelers now. Cameron Johnson. And they are they, when the headline says Steeler signed Bill Burr lookalike.


Oh yeah, I've seen that guy. That's scary. Yeah, that's scary. Yeah. I, I I concur. That guy does definitely look like me. Would've been cooler if he was a quarterback. But that shows how popular you are though, correct? Oh yeah. I guess so. I don't think any of that shit really. Yeah, no, that's the end of you. That's the end Of, That's the end of you. You start walking around these. I don't, I don't know. I, I actually, I kind of appreciate people that feel that way about themselves. And also I don't understand it, but Emini here, when you look standing there, those people see that with their shirt blowing in front of a fan in front of their own audience. That shit is hilarious to me. I Don't think you can go that far, but when you think about your humble beginnings, why Not?


You got the sandals on. I could see you doing that, blowing your hoodie around. I'm just gonna do it to you before you do it to me. Yeah. How many times have you washed that sweatshirt? By the way? That looks This is new. Is it? Yeah. It looks like a white guy sweatshirt there. Threw it in with the towels or something to bleach. White tie. Oh, okay. Oh, it's tie dye. Yeah. But when you think about your humble beginnings and then you think about Fenway Park, like you gotta take that in a little bit and be like, I came a long way. At least I, I I did. I did. But like I get, I'm too afraid to, that's basically what it is. I'm too afraid to look at what I'm doing in situations like that because I need to perform. So if I get all into the, you know, start thinking of the magnitude of something.


I just literally saw Kevin Hart's picture on the door, man. It's one of my favorite people in the business. Yeah. Kevin Bought, he used to buy us chairs, so that's why we have him sitting in that chair. 'cause he bought for the old studio. He bought all the chairs. He's one of my favorite people. Great guy. All I do, our whole relationship is just giving each other shit. I don't think I've ever had actual conversation anyway. Yeah. I don't, I don't think of stuff like that. So I, I, I, I minimize, minimize, minimize, minimize. Yeah. So, because I had horrible anxiety when I started out. Yeah. So I had to figure out how to get, the only way I could figure out how to get it past it was to look at the stuff that I was doing and act like it wasn't a big deal.


Just a job. They come in here, they get sitters and pay, you know, money to come here. I come here, I make 'em laugh, they leave, hopefully they come back And I just sort of reduce it to that. And then I don know, then I come on a show like this and you start bringing stuff up. And that's when I, I think that's when I first start thinking about 'em. Look me, I'm getting uncomfortable now. Look at that. Yeah. You's ready to go. Bill's Ready to go. No, I'm not. No. Just thinking, talking about that shit. Talking that all comes back also comes back to like, just like, I don't know, this weird, like low self-esteem and then also like, not accepting compliments. I haven't figured that part of me out. Imposter syndrome. Oh My god, a hundred percent.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. First time. Yeah. I always like, that's the thought that I, every time I get off stage, my thought is, did I make 'em laugh enough that they're gonna come back? And I, I club Soda Kenny, I always like, he like reassures me, you club Soda Candy Club. So Club Soda Kenny is my club. Soda Candy. What'd you say? Kenny. Kenny. Oh, Kenny. See now I'm suspicious of you. Now you talking about sweets. Crazy. I'm just doing it back to you. Club Soda Kenny. Legendary former police officer, tour manager and security guy. This, he's like, I made a, I made a short film with him.


Okay. I gotta I gotta put it up on your, your website. So he's the guy when I get off stage, he's, you know, works with Dice, he's worked with everybody and so he knows, and he's also, you know, he's a cop jersey guy. You know, he talks like this, like straight shooter. He's not gonna be like, no, that was a good one, I was good, blah, blah, blah. And then, you know, if I get the pat on the back, I know I I I had a good one. So yeah. That, that is my thought. I don't walk off stage, you know. Oh God. I'm not gonna use that reference. That'll start some shit. I don't walk off stage thinking I'm the shit. I walk off stage thinking. I, I hope that was good enough that they come back. So. Well that was crazy. 'cause I, I'm literally still starstruck just by, remember when I just walked past the room And I was like, oh shit, bill, where's Bilber?


How you doing? And he was just looking like, Hey, what's up? Like, not at all. Like, oh yeah, you know, I am that guy. You know, it was just real, real, real cool. And the first time you, you made me laugh was racial drafts the Dave Chappelle skit that you did the comedy when you like three years old. We three when it came out. But I watched it 'cause I, I was a big fan of Chappelle's show and then every special, That was one of the coolest things. Yeah. First really cool thing that I ever got on where it was like, I got this experience, it was like Beatlemania. And I only did like most of your listeners probably. Like who the hell were you on that? First of all, I had hair And I only did like, you know, four or five Schedules. Yeah.


It was a commentator. Yeah. So I remember I was at this thing Bonnaroo, you guys ever heard of Bonnaroo? Yeah. Oh, you have. All right. Okay. So Bonnaroo is like this sort of, you know, this, this music festival in Nashville. It was one of the early years of, it was a lot of jam bands. It was some really like earthy, smelly white people sort of out in the field type of thing. Not, not a city kid vibe. So it was pretty white, not country white, but damn close. Right. And the lights went down And I was seeing like, this, this band, what the hell are they called? Praxis, like Brain was on drums, Bernie Royal, it was sort of this offshoot band.


And the lights went down and there was like 10,000 people in this tent. And the lights went down and they were waiting for the band. And I just heard this dude just go, what? And then somebody else on the other side yelled. Yeah. And then somebody else yelled, okay dude, I got like goosebumps. Mm. And it was like, it was like right when it was, I think it was right after Rick James sketch had already like, blown up. And I, I saw like how big this show was on like, I couldn't, I, I couldn't believe it. And there was like, comedians were telling me going, dude, that show you're on is fucking blowing up. I just did a college gig and like say it came on at like 10 o'clock or something like that on Comedy Central.


And their show was at nine 30. Like, they would be doing a show trying to do an hour at 10 o'clock, like five or 10 half the crowd would just get up and leave and he'd be like, you know, thinking, what did I say? Well, we're gonna go watch the Chappelle Show. I don't know if anything gets that big again. With, with yeah. All of this media. But it was like, and everybody brings up, you know, the Rick James won and, and, and, and all of that. The, I will tell you this, the law and order sketch that I was in the first cut of that And I think Comedy Central thought was too dark. Oh my God. It was like, it was like a fucking Oscar winning movie. 'cause it was hilarious. And then it was like when the white dude was in prison in the end, the way they did it and they cut to Dave laughing on the golf course.


It wasn't funny. It was like, this is what you fuckers do to us. It was, it was like, wow. Southern Comedy Central, like, oh, you know, we think there's a different ending. They like, oh shit, bring it a little bit. Like there was a, that was another thing too. I remember they used to edit it right up the street from where I was living. And I remember Neil Brennan going, flew to Neil going, you gotta, you gotta come see this shit. And I got to see them, the, the Rick James sketch before anybody else. And I remember laughing my ass off and there just became a point I stopped laughing And I was just like, this is like, I've never seen anything like this in my life. Yeah. So I was probably the, the first kind of still like the, one of the coolest things I got to be on.


I met Charlie Murphy. Charlie Murphy, rest in peace. Yeah. Rest his soul. He's up there too. We got him up there up in the corner. Yep. Oh yeah. Yep. Oh man. The stories that went with that guy. Yeah. He had, oh my god, his stories. He had endless, he told this story one time and it was all stuff from the eighties. It would be so like, yo, he like, yo, I was at this party, it was me, sugar Ray Leonard and Punky Brewster. Right. Just going like, what, like what party is this? Right. It was just all these like eighties icons. Right. Then he was talking about Sugar Ray Leonard being drunk, talking about how he, how quickly he could throw punches at your ribs and not hit you.


And, and he, he said that these white guys were letting him do it. He was drunk and he kept hitting him and they would like fold in half. And he was crying, laughing, telling him. And I was going, why the fuck would they do? I don't know. That's the nicer one I can tell. So That's the funny thing about Chappelle. When you look at Chappelle now, you and you rewatch it, you'll see you, you'll see Joe Rokey, you'll see Neil, Brendan, you'll see all of these people who have gone on to be, you know, icons in their own right. Yeah. Dave gave me one of, one of the greatest pep talks I ever got. I ever got. Like he, it's funny 'cause I'm older than Dave, but Dave started so young. I always look at him like an an older brother.


Right. And I was doing some shit at the Cellar, you know, And I got off stage and he was sitting on the stairs. Fortunately, I didn't know he was there. I would've, at that point in my career, I would've been like intimidated somebody that big watching me. And I remember him telling me, he's like, man, your your point of view is so dope man. And he goes, it's gonna, but it's gonna take you a lot longer to get there. But when you do, you're gonna hit hard. And I, dude, I fucking held onto that. Ugh. For like seven years on the road going, Dave thinks I'm funny. Dave thinks I'm funny. That's dope. Yeah, he was right. That's right. Yeah, definitely is Bill fucking bur Man. Thank you for joining us all. Thank you for having me. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like, you guys, why?


Let's not go. Why? Let's not go. Why you know why, you know why it Ain't over yet. I can be honest with you. I listened, I listened to one clip And I shut it off after eight seconds. You what clip was it? Somebody said something like, well, you know, sometimes, sometimes I, whatever the hell he was talking about. And I just hear you go, why would you do that? Just going like, oh shit. Is it gonna be this? No, because Larry King always says the best question to ask is why? 'cause people say, And I really do be curious. I'm like, well, why, why is always the best question. It's not just your Why's. That's a better, yeah, it's a better why. Your why wasn't, that wasn't the read. Go go back and watch some of the other shit. It was like the, the subtext was why the fuck would you do that?


Well it's the Same thing. Sounds like him Depends. No it isn't. No it isn't. But no, I had, I had a good time. Well thank you. Hey, there's my insecurity. I hope you had me back. You'd love to know that There's a lot of people I know that, that hold you in very, very high regard. Yeah. Like young comedians. Older comedians. Like Pete Davison always talked about you all the time. Ricky Vet like, oh yeah, Pete, I remember Pete was another guy. He had that vibe. He was just memorable. I met him, he was like, like 12, 13 years old, already as tall as me. And I remember years later he started doing Stanley. Four years later he goes, I don't know if you remember, I just, I remember I said Atlantic City. He was standing there with your mom. So, alright. How many times are we gonna wrap this up? That's it. I think it's done. That's it. All right. Thank you so much. I really appreciate what you said.


It's Bill Burr. All right. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in The Breakfast Club.


Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing? They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and.