
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at What's Up With Hate. This is a morning show for states DJ Vy, better known as The People's Choice. This Tour, my light-skinned brothers out there Just hilarious for The World wide mask.


Just don't do no lying and Charlemagne to die. Don't get it. Everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call this the Hot Season Breakfast Club. It's like being America's porch. Don't feel like my wrist. I never cause to meet. Every time I go to The Breakfast Club, I know. Gonna be like a good morning. I'm getting out. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Oh My gosh, did I get through? Yes. Oh my God. Who's this? Oh my gosh. This is Amanda from Virginia.


Virginia. 7, 5, 7. What up Amanda? Get it off your chest. Okay, So like I just quit my teaching job. I'm gonna try not to cry because it was something really hard for me to, to give up and everything after six years and I'm scared right now because I have no idea what I'm supposed to do or anything like that. And I just turned 28 And I feel like I'm failing at life. So I need some advice. You are not failing at life, man. You know, one of my affirmations this morning was embrace everything that happens to you. And you know, being that you're 28, you'll realize this as you get older. Everything is just part of a process. You gotta trust your instincts. Your instincts told you that you didn't want to teach no more, right?


Right. All right, so, so like my mental health is passing so badly. Like I was having panic attacks and everything. It is just teaching is not what it used to be at all. And so I get it. I love the kids used to love the profession, but I just felt so undervalued and unappreciated. Like it was just, it was hard. So right now I'm up because I'm about to go Instacart and hopefully I'll make a little something until I figure things out. So, And I think that's, I just have to get that off. That's what you should do. My mom is a public school teacher, was a public school teacher. So I understand. I think that y'all are very un underpaid, undervalued, and, and underappreciated. So thank you for your service as a teacher.


But now you just gotta pray and see what God is gonna lead you next. Yeah, because he's, he's God is definitely telling you that you should be doing something else. You just gotta, you probably already know what it is. You probably just scared to do it right now. Right? Yeah. You already Know what it is. Don't you put, you said what? Can I put my cash up out there too? Maybe somebody can help Me out. That's not what that is not. That is not what God you said God, I'm sorry for laughing. God told me to put the cash. I ain't no more What into you Charlamagne. What else God got for you? Tell me what else God is telling you to do before we get to the Cash app To go Insta this morning. I'm up. Super. So that, that's all I got at the moment. One One step one one step at a time. Go ahead then Go ahead.


Go with your Cash app. I'd rather Cash app than only fans. Go ahead, mama. There you go. See? See? Alright, it's Doan. Amanda capital A-M-A-N-D-A-N-I-C nine six. Hold on now say it again. A-M-A-N-D-A. Yes. NIC nine six NIC nine. Oh Amanda, Nick 9 6 96. Amanda Chandler. That's you. Yes. You Look like a school teacher. Aw, You Gonna put something in her cash app? Yeah, I just sent her a little, oh, there you go. All right. I just sent you, I love, I love school teachers, man. I think school teachers, y'all, like I said, I think y'all are undervalued and underappreciated and we trust our kids with y'all every day.


Yeah. And we live in a messed up society because y'all should be making six figures a year just because of what y'all gotta deal with, to be honest with you. So yeah, It's hard. It's hard out here now. You know, I wanna go into the mental health field doing a complete career switch. So I'm just hoping it all worked out. I'm gonna pray on it and thank you guys advice. And I, I really appreciate you guys taking my call. I listen to you guys every morning. Did you get, I appreciate It. You got what I sent you. It said it went through. Yes it did. Thank you so much. I appreciate It. All right, No problem. Have a good one. Good. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, Hopeful. Same. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who did? Good morning, this is Aina. Hey Adina. Morning Aina. Get it off your chest, mama. I'm A little nervous, but I really want people to reach out to your friends and family, check on 'em to make sure that they're okay. It's been almost eight months since I lost my soulmate to suicide and when he committed suicide, we was on a break, but we were still very much in communication with each other. But I knew something was wrong and my gut told me to go check, but my head said, no, don't do it.


And had I listened to my gut, I would've known something was wrong and could have been able to help also with women and their children. When you have a man that wants to be in the lives of their kids, you shouldn't use the child as a porn to get back because no one ever, never ever thought that he would commit suicide because of what was happening with his children. So I just want people to just be aware of those things. Absolutely. Yes ma'am. Well definitely sending you healing energy Queen. Yes, Thank You. Absolutely. Alright mama. Have a blessed day.


You Guys do the same. Jesus. Very heavy this morning. Crack a joke or something. Just Lord that mercy. So ain't damn character. You got some money. Hello? Who's this? Hello? This is Blind Tommy. What's up blind Tommy? Blind Tommy, get it off your chest. How y'all doing man? Okay man. I'm mad because I'm, because I'm a blind broke comedian. Are you? So, so you gotta pick one now, which one you mad about? Being blind being broke or being a comedian? All three. Well, you should learn to see the bright side Damnit How you know you broke. You know people not just stealing your money. I ain't got nobody to steal. Damn. I think, I think you might be looking at this wrong. When you born blind looking, You don't look at it.


What? What? I was blind five years ago. Oh, okay. Okay. So While you a newly blind, you don't count. Damn. How'd you get blind, sir? So fun has got my system and they attacked my optic nerves. Damn. Sorry to hear that brother. Have you, have you learned any new skills? Have anything, has anything else strengthened A little bit, but not that too much. Got you, got you. Well, how can we help you this morning, brother? What can we do for you? Whatever. We'll see what we can do. Whatever it is. But You know how people ask y'all for books? Shout back. Can I get a book deal man? Can I work for you? You want a book deal? Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm interested in the story. I can't sit there and act like I wouldn't want hear more of the story.


What if he talking about braille books? Well, you wanna write, I'm talking write. He Wants Write books. I hate this place this morning. I Hate this place, Eddie. Get get my guys' information. I'm interested in hearing the story. I wanna see if there it might be a story there. You never know. Yeah. All right, hold on Tommy. Okay It rat. Hold on Tommy, get It off. Get chess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes Indeed. We have the cast of Harlem. Yes. Grace Bias. Megan Good Shaday.


Did I say your name? Shae Jerry Johnson and Tyler Lepley. Welcome. Appreciate y'all. How y'all feeling this morning? Ty? Phenomenal. Amazing. A star study kiss. We feel so good. We like again a star study. Kiss a star first All. How many of y'all live in la? I wanna make sure everybody houses good stuff like that. We're good. Thank you. We're good. Appreciate that for asking. Okay, Let's get right into it. Harlem is back January 23rd on Amazon Prime. But sadly they say this is the last season. Yeah. Why so many people watch it. So many people are into it. How do they just do it like that? Ask Amazon Prime or Universal? We we're So sad. We were really, really sad. And I think like everybody's super sad because we had so much story to tell.


And so like if we did have more seasons, this would've, the stories would've been so good. But they did such an amazing job. Truncating it, bringing it down into this final season. I think everybody's gonna be happy And hopefully we get a movie. Okay. Movie. Did y'all know it was gonna be the final season when y'all started taping it? Did you know that already or did y'all find halfway through through? Well, IF no, not halfway through. I think I found out a little late, but I sometimes I'm in my own world. But I found out the day of the reading as we were reading it now going into knowing that it was the last season. Are you saying when we were reading it? No, before. Before I knew, but I hadn't read the last two. I thought they were saving the last two episodes, so I didn't know, you know, and then as we were reading it, I was like, oh no, this is it.


But did y'all been doing a lot on the side as well? Y'all been engaged. I know y'all been having babies, y'all been putting Out music, Y'all doing True. It's true. So how were y'all doing all of that on the side as well as taping the show? You know what's interesting is that as we've been taping the show, because we started, what, what year did we start? 2020, Okay. 2020. And then we got like maybe three episodes in, then Covid happened and then we took a break, then we came back, then we had a year off, then we went through the strike and all these different things. But during the duration of all these things we were experiencing life. Yeah. We were having all kinds of life changes and having conversations in between because not only are we, you know, friends on the show we're like sisters in real life, but also with Tracy.


And then same with Tyler. Like that's our brother, that's our family. But each one of us we're experiencing things that, you know, as Tracy spoke to us, she's like, well, well what do you think about this? And what do you think about that? And I know you're on this journey and you know, do you mind if I implement this and all of that? So, so much of it is actually mirrored in the show of what we were experiencing. So it kind of made it seamless in that way. And you know, you have a, a specific story about that. But yeah, just everything, it just, it feels like it was a part of our actual lives. So what's your story with that? No, so, so we were talking about this, but you know how Quinn goes through her depression journey in season two. I did a lot of research on depression because it wasn't something I was personally dealing with at the time, but I wanted to reflect it in a very honest way. So went through that, did that research, and then I had the baby, and then I was diagnosed with severe postpartum depression.


So even when I came on the show the last time I was in the depths of that, didn't really realize the impact and how that affected me until I started to kind of climb out of that. Right? Going through that journey with Quinn, it gave me a space and a refle. I, I call it my help journal, like a reflective journal to look back on and say, oh, like this was, this was the way in which it was showing up for Quinn. I didn't realize that postpartum depression can show up as fatigue, as overwhelm. We know about the sadness, we know about all that stuff, but these are some of the ways the mood swings. Didn't know that that was a part of those things. And so being able to play that and reflect that in Quinn gave me almost like a map that I could go, okay, grace, like yeah, this is how you can navigate this.


Did Work. Help or hurt? Yeah, that, did it Make it worse? No, it helped because it actually gave me an enlightenment, right? Like, oh, this is what it could look like. This is what, and so even though I was, I was doing it for Quinn, it, you know, I felt it on a, on a different nuanced level when I was actually going through it myself. Got you. I already got juggling the schedules though, like now because it's still, it is. It's like y'all personally flourishing in business. Y'all flourishing. How can y'all, because I know that the schedules Emini here. I know y'all said it is been like two years since y'all did this, but now y'all all got individually a lot going on too. How can y'all still like how y'all juggling schedules? We gonna start with Shaniqua on that one because she just got a single thank you.


You know, I thrive when I'm busy. Yeah, I really do. I like the structure of figuring out my schedule. I become more detail oriented when I have a lot of things to focus on And I was very intentional about dropping feel my love, my new single Yes. After ending season two with a engagement or proposal. Yes. And so I wanted to like balance that and have that come out at the same time as the show. 'cause I knew a lot of Harlem fans would be paying attention, but also just to like, you know, maybe troll a little bit or make them question whether Angie would actually end up in this relationship because we don't get a yes or a no at the end of the season. Two. Okay. Strategy. Or it could be anything. You know, we trying to have a rollout.


So Megan, you refer to them as your sisters and your brothers. Does that, does that happen naturally? Because a lot of times, you know, people wanna keep things business. Yeah. So does that just happen naturally that this bond, It happened completely organically. Okay. Like from the beginning, from day one. If I start with Shanik, well like we were on FaceTime a few years prior And I had never met her before and we just spoke and we talked about like, you know what, one day we're gonna do a show together. And we touched and agreed on the camera of the FaceTime. And then literally years later here we are both walking in, we're both testing and we're in the bathroom and she's like, do you remember me? I was like, from where? And she told me And I was like, wait, what? And then we ended up praying and crying in the bathroom and you know, there's that. And then literally with Tyler it was just immediate, like just family and just easy or organic.


Same thing with Jerry. It was like, oh, like I've known her forever. Like, you know, and then when Grace I called her, I was like, girl, I'm getting, she was like, don't tell me You're getting Ready to come in for Camille. We, we were friends like for years before that. So that was exciting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is that the norm on sex? No, it isn't always like that. Okay. And then you also, you know, when it, when it's gonna be for women, you just never know what you're gonna get. You hope that that is the experience. But you know, and we had talked about this a few years prior saying how it would be great if we got an opportunity to work on a show together. So when I called her and she was like, check everything that so exciting. It was like you just knew that God was in it. And I have to say, for me, this has been the best professional experience that I've had in my entire career. Wow. You know, you know, in a way it's, it's the end of a chapter, but it's exciting because the way that we end the chapter we're really, really proud of.


And I think the audience is gonna get everything that they wanna get. But also I think that we got what we wanna get outside of having a movie additionally. But it's better I think to, to move this way where it's, you know, you didn't stay for too long but you gave everyone exactly what they wanted and needed. Mm. And I wanna give Megan her props too, because she was a great leader in setting the culture, the tone of our set and everybody who has come and guest star, they've had a really great time. But we learned from Megan from Grace. Like it truly is a fun time. But also we have decided, we decided early on that we were gonna stick together throughout this situation.


So nobody could say, well you know, this person was a difficult one or this person was a this one or this. Because if there was a problem, we all have the problem. If there was, we all have it and we're on the Zoom calls or whatever and you won't know where the source is because we didn't want it to be like somebody was pinpointed or somebody is this one's person pause. And we promised each other that if somebody says something to one of us about the other one, we not just gonna take it at face value. We come into the source and saying, Hey, did this really happen? That's my People Do like, people do like to like separate women and pin women against each other. And so I think it was really important for us to, and this is my second show, Emini here. I was like six months outta grad school And I booked this show and first time being the lead in something.


And then to get to do it like this, which is for me, my manifestation and to be like, oh wait, no actually for me this can be the exp the norm of the experience. And y'all set the tone for that. So I thank you for being leaders. Alright. We have more with the cast of Harlem here. Megan Good. Tyler Lepley, grace Bias, qua Shandy and Jerry Johnson. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the cast of Harlem, Megan Good, Tyler Lepley, grace Bias, Shani Shandy and Jerry Johnson. Charlemagne, this Acting allow y'all to just escape when you're dealing with all of these personal things.


And now you can just go be somebody else for a few hours. It allows you to work through things, you know, past trauma, certain experiences, whether it's childhood Emini here, whatever it may be. It allows you to have a place to put it to good use. And for it to be something that someone else can watch or see and take from it and go, okay, that made me feel not alone or that made me feel seen or understood. So I think in a way it's therapeutic. I don't know if it really allows us to escape. I get to each his zones that I think escape gets a little dangerous. So Do y'all allow yourselves to lose yourself in a row? Or you don't, you don't. You can't go To, you can't. Because that's, I think the, if we think about like some of our greats that have lost themselves and then we lost them.


I think He Fledger. I was gonna say that. Yeah. It's like when you go there, if you don't know how to unzip that character and step out in order to go home and not have that energy in your home, it gets crazy. But also the body doesn't know the difference sometimes. So when you go, when you're going deep into a character and you're not doing those things where you are separating, when you get home, your body don't know the difference. Mm. So if my character is going crazy, if I'm playing the Joker and I'm really in there and I'm taking the joker home with me, my body don't know that I'm not the joker if I believe it enough. Right. And so sometimes, you know, it is good to be like, all right, I'm gonna give a cap on this.


Like, if I really gotta go there, I'm gonna go there for the six months. I gotta go there. But I'm already planning all the things I need to plan so that day I'm done. My, it's already set up for me to release this. Whether I'm going to the ocean, whether I'm wherever I am, whether all of my friends come to my house to remind me of who I am, I have to have something. That reality sets me back to who I am or it's not gonna be, it's gonna be on my spirit and it's not gonna be good for me. Well then speaking of then, Jerry, wheres Ty's head at after she found out she smashed the mother and a daughter Back life. Now she gotta jump back being Yes.


That's crazy. That's crazy. You know, to find out something like that is like, how do you even deal with that? And I think Tide decides because what does Ty really want? You know, she Polly, she's single, she open, like think she just agreed. Jerry is poly what she but but she's loved bitch listen. Right. Even though Jerry is Polly, I wouldn't describe Ty as Polly. Okay. I think Ty was really wanting something, but also probably in that moment being greedy because she was wanting something. But having something else. And I think sometimes if, if my intention is commitment, then I have to go towards what that intention is.


And if it's commitment towards one person and I'm letting my energy fly, of course I might end up with a daughter and daughter and a mother. I was, things end up with, I knew what was going on And I was like, ooh, I was sick. Grace. How, How has motherhood changed you? I think it, what I did not expect was that I, I was fully prepared to be like, I'm ready to learn everything I can about motherhood and my child. I did not anticipate that I was going to also go on a journey to learn about myself. And so I had to face things about myself in order to ensure his wellbeing. Right. So I had to go back to my own childhood, go back to the things that, you know, that I didn't realize that I was like holding onto or dealing with or like simple things like, you know, like being, being a recovering people pleaser.


I can't do that with my child. I will be so depleted. I will not show up as the mother that I need to be. So how do I then organize in my mind, like how do I prioritize myself for real. For real? Yeah. You know? So like, things like that that I didn't expect that are really changing my life. Mm, Wow. Yes. Are are these moments bittersweet knowing that, you know, this is gonna be the last time y'all probably do interviews together and things of that nature? Yeah. They said they, they, they talking about movie, they manifest a movie. So it be the last time we need a petition. This said it is not this I y'all could do something else because y'all are so grounded. Even as just outside the cast, just hearing y'all speak like yo, like even from the last interview that we had with you, like so much growth.


Like not I'm saying that you, you know. Oh yeah. So I was, I was last time, right? No, yo. Well not that, but Y'all just, just, I don't know, it just, it is zenful, it's tranquility. It's just a whole bunch. Y'all are very grounded as a cast. Thank you. No, I appreciate that. I look forward to saying anything else. Na either don't have to be hollering or just, you know, y'all can write y'all own movie. I can direct it. We can just get it. Well listen, we love you guys for Us to Able to come on here. Like we really appreciate For you And even just like, you know, to all of us before, you know, as we saying goodbye, I feel like one of the biggest, you know, reasons it's not a sad goodbye is like for a multitude of things.


Like a, we have a, you know, we have a great beginning, middle and now you know, we knew our and we knew where we were landing at. So like that's a beautiful thing. Yes. But then on the flip side, off of the script, you know, because of the way we was able to come together as family, like I feel like this is a, you know, a lot of times when we say say goodbye to people, it's like a sad goodbye. You know what I'm saying? But it's like I really feel like this is a, you know, this is the opposite. It's almost like a happy goodbye. You know what I'm saying? When we say goodbye, it's almost like we raising the trophy up. You know what I'm saying? So it's good when I do. Yeah. It's on a good note. Yeah. So when I think back about these times, it's not really gonna be a sad thing, you know, we are able to experience together, share it with The World and close the book at the right time. Nice. Well Qua you tell him we not leaving like that. We leaving with your single. So we gonna play your Record, play your record.


We gonna play your record. But Before proud we play your record. Ms. Grace, I felt a god in you this morning. Come on, we we gonna say a prayer before we get up outta here. You want me to say the prayer? You not Saying God is good. God is great. Thank you for the food we eat. So I'm gonna Let you do no dinner on the table. He do that. Alright, let's do it. Let's do it. Thank you dear Heavenly Father, thank you so much for this time together. Lord, we ask that you bless The Breakfast Club Lord, we ask that you bless our minds, our hearts awards. Your Father. Thank you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com For a form like this, Lord, that we're able to galvanize as one, that we're able to come together in truth and honesty and love and just celebrate amazing black work. Lord, we are so grateful for this moment.


Grateful for this time. Dear Father, we ask that you go before us, that you make the crooked path straight. We ask that you continue to uplift us in your spirit. Oh Lord, let us always stay in your purpose, in your will. Lord, we thank you for your love. We thank you for your blessing. In Jesus' name we pray Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. The cast of Harlem, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about the list of Trump executive orders that affected people from DEI to birthright citizenship to ICE.


Coming and taking people. Yeah. The mass deportations, the dismantling of DEI, you know, the potential federal hiring freeze Emini here. Tariffs, you know. And so, you know, we just opening up the phone lines to see how things have impacted people. You know, just as already concerned about the price of wigs potentially. Excuse me, Hair, are you stupid? No, I'm not. No I'm not. Okay. It affects my mother and other people who have been in childcare administration. My mom has been taking care of kids and she has a childhood preschool and has had one for 30 years coming up. And a lot of her money comes from, you know, federal government, federal government, you know, like the, the full program.


She gets checks to feed the kids, you know, and then all of her parents, they are using vouchers or scholarship of some sort. You know what Emini here. So, Or potential federal hiring freeze could shut her Down. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. And it will, people are already starting to be affected by it, you know, so, And you see the dismantling of DEI programs, you see people losing jobs, you know when you got these math deportations, like I know people who, you know, jobs have got ran up in, you know, Emini here or their parents' jobs have got ran up in, you know, I know family members, I know families who literally have had to leave because, you know, one person in the household was, was undocumented and now they gotta go and the kids gotta go.


It's like it's real out here. Yeah, Yeah. You know, growing up in New York, of course you're surrounded by immigrants, right? You're surrounded by people that want you Are one here's true. This guy crazy. Yeah. You say surrounded by like he not one the person Surrounding, I'm not, I actually was born here. My parents were too. But you're surrounded by immigrants that, you know, their, their kids were born here but their parents not. And now many of of my friends and the people that I know, they're fearful that their parents could be, you know, taken back and parents could be, you know, taken by ice. 'cause there's no rules, there's no regulations. They just know that ice is on the street grabbing immigrants. So people are nervous, people are scared. Are you an anchor baby? My parents were born here, sir. My grandparents were born here And I was born here. Sir, Prove it. Lemme see your birth Tempera.


I saying when ice come and snatch you up, that's gonna be crazy. I'm scared to take my daughter outside to this day. I am like Jesus. Damn. Yes, for real. They might think I'm hovering one of them. Chris, is Chris legal though, right? Yeah he is. But Molly, she ain't say That confident Look like she, nah see she more questioned than her father. People would be like where get that baby from. And if I just got her by myself, I look like a nanny. Not it is. I don't know. It's crazy. But for the people who don't know, your baby daddy is Mexican? Yes. Yes. Half Mexican. Yes, half Mexican. His mom straight, straight up Mexican is for black so. And my daughter, she looks straight Mexican like, oh my God, I think you should stop seeing it.


You might get a knock. What part? Hello? You stupid. Lets Go to the Full line. Might get a knock. Justin. Crazy. I'm scared. Hello. Who's this? This is Dr. Allen Pa. Dr. Allen, Where you calling from? I'm from seven five but I'm in Indianapolis now. Okay. Okay. How have Trump's executive orders impacted you thus far? Absolutely. So I am a director for diversity and cultural inclusion for Engineering research Center. So through the National Science Foundation, they pretty much stopped all of me. My, my ability to spend money. I built programs like EV programs for high school students. They told me I could not take no more students to Washington DC for, and we had an upcoming conference with 'em to present their research.


Wow. I have about $300,000 in funding that I can no longer touch because I work in DEI. They told me literally I couldn't just spend no money 'cause the pro my proposal said I was working with marginalized students and that is discrimination by another name. When you're saying that I can't work with students 'cause they're from marginalized background, but I, if it was a white student, I could go ahead and continue with my work this discrimination by another name. And so I have about, I have another about $5 million in additional funding that I have, that I have sent in there for review that I can't, that they ize just going to throw out now. And these are, this is money that's going to our students, our low income students, our underrepresented students, to make sure that we get skills and help our students continue to grow, go to college, get scholarships, and we can no longer touch that money.


They are literally trying to prevent us from growing our communities and be able to do the things that we need to do. All because they don't want us to be as successful as we could be. And it, it is very sickening. And I How do we combat that? How do we combat it? How do we combat it? Or can we, Well, a few things, a few things that we have to do is we have to put pressure on elected officials. The Democrats have to be able to stop, get off they fingers and actually do something. This should not be a, a, a, a process for them to be able to discriminate by another man. There should be some type of lawsuit that are letting say, hey, you all have not, does not have not developed any criteria for what this considered DEI. You all are just looking for anything that says black or brown, underrepresented, marginalized, low income.


And that is discriminate. There needs to be some folks that are doing something in the legal arena. There needs to be folks that are doing something in the political arena. And we also need to start thinking about how do we make sure that we are not hamstrung the next time one of these oli guards. So somebody comes in and wants to take over power like this, we need to be able to make sure that we're self-sufficient, sustainable and, and, and figure out ways in which we can do that. I totally agree man. You know, thank you bro. The ill part about it is there are, you know, guardrails and tools that Democrats can use. But you know, we just keep getting all these statements about norms and faith in institutions. Bro, them institutions are done. Okay? These people are playing by a different set of rules. They need to figure it out. Let's go Another caller.


Hello. Who's this? Hello? Good morning. They deported him just that fast now. His name, oh my god. Who's name was Julio? They're driving Off with him right now. Hello. Who's this? Hey. Yo, imagine. Hi, good morning. This is Erica calling from Fort Lauderdale. Good morning America. How are you? We're Talking about Trump's executive orders. How has it affected you at all? Emini here. Honestly, you guys, let's be real women are numbers. Don't America voted for Trump? I don't understand. Now why did everybody so up at up war about what's going on when they were multiple times over and over the Biden administration let us know about 2025.


Nobody didn't care. I don't know. Why is everybody out? We Ma'am, ma'am Not members don't Ma'am, you're absolutely right. But what that got to do with his executive orders impacting people. It was expected, it was forthcoming. Yes. There's nothing you can do about it if you voted him in office. But have but have they impacted you? That's the question. You at This point show, ma'am. I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm gonna be honest with you right now. It's prayer. I'll do it. The what Tom? 91. Psalm 23. Tom 1 21 Kam 21 All is print. And, and and what God with everything that's going on right Now, alright, thank you mama. What is she Saying? She she gonna be deport Saying y'all did it to yourselves.


That's what she said. Y'all, y'all voted for him and she didn't answer the question. She basically just said that y'all did it to what was she quoting? Bible scripture. Yes. She on always somewhere too. Exactly. I ain't Even understand. I'm Like, oh Lord. And I understand what she's saying, but that's not the question we're asking. The question we're asking is how has his executive orders impacted people? Because you know, what I would like to start hearing is solutions. You know, like I would like to start hearing, you know, how we can combat some of these things. Yeah. But How can we, right, because he's the president, he put these orders into play. This is his house right now. Right. But so he's doing it. So how do we, how do we stop that? How do we defend that? How do we combat that? How is there any way like something can happen locally? Like, 'cause even with my mom saying, you know, she, well, with my mom being affected, you know, and then the caller who just called up and said like, they're gonna cut her childcare benefit.


She's a full-time working mom. Like, is there something we can do? Like the mayors, the governors, like, you know, I know he signed these orders, but there's no way, like, can we tackle it locally? There's tools and, and and guardrails that these people have at their disposable disposal to try to slow down some of this stuff. But, you know, they gotta have the, the strength to use them. You know, the Democrats are a party of cowards. They're leaderless. Right? Right. Now you know what Emini here, but they are, they are guardrails in place. All right, well we, we gotta, This is gonna be a never ending conversation by the way. Y'all do know that, right? Yeah. But that's Why it just feels weird because when you look at Biden and him being in office in the last four years and what he's done and then you look at Trump being so aggressive and doing everything that he wanted to do and, and not apologizing for it and just doing it basically saying, I told y'all what I was gonna do.


If you don't like it middle finger. And then you look at the last four years and look at Biden was just so nice. And just trying to be the the nice guy. Just, it just really makes you upset, you know? Yeah, For sure. All right, well is there a moral to the story at All? The moral to the story is this is gonna be a never ending conversation, but that's what The Breakfast Club is here for. The Breakfast Club is here to have those conversations. Okay. And we'll bring in people way smarter than us to tell us what these guardrails are and what these tools are, what these tools are that they can use to try to slow some of this stuff down. Alright. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRose is here with us this morning and we got some special guests in the building.


Yes, we have Derrick Johnson, the president of the naacp. Welcome. We here we have Scott Mill, CEO of BET. Good morning. Thank you for having me. And we have a friend to the room. Cousin to the room. Chloe Bailey. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back. Hello. How you feeling? How's everybody? Fantastic. All right. So we're talking about the NAACP Image Awards live, which goes down February 22nd. And you guys have released some of the nomination and you are about to tell us who's gonna be the host. Actually, we're not yet disclosing. Oh, okay. I tried, I tried Share Things. We assume it is Chloe says she's She here. Press Run. Y'all got her on the press run. There You go. You know, it's hard to be both a nominee and a host so That is correct. It's a first for everything. There You go. Why are you with them, Chloe?


Like why are you With them? Why are you with them? People we're family. We're family. We're definitely family. You know, growing up as well. Sis And I, we would go and sing a lot of times. Yes. At, you know, the events in Florida several times. Yep. Things like that. And it was just really special to be a part of this today with praise this the movie I did with Will Packer winning last year. And you know, it was a surprise to me today as we were announcing some of the nominations. I got another nom. Congratulations. Congratulations. Oh, you didn't know that prior to. Oh no. God is good. There you go. I am grateful. I think the first time you all joined us in a TP like 11, 12. Yeah. Something like that. Babies. Babies. Oh Yeah. Well I think it's important for you to be here with them, especially putting your voice on it. 'cause I think there's always a conversation around like the award shows that we have and whether people and, and what level of celebrity supported or not.


So I think you being here in, you know, being kinda like a face of it helps that, are you at all like working with the NAACP in these image awards? Are you at all getting out there for other award shows and just kind of being a champion of that Like, and calling your friends and being like, Hey, y'all need to make sure y'all show up. Like which celebrities are you? Like hey, make sure you show up. Particularly Beyonce. She, Beyonce came to the NAACP awards before her and Yes, Absolutely. I know we getting there. Yeah. I think this one is really especially important because it is honoring us and all of our blackness and sometimes it's hard in this world and society today to not feel valued or feel worthy enough. But definitely in this space at the Image Awards, you know, we are celebrating one another for not only our skin tone, but also the incredible art that we put into The World.


Yeah. And how do we bring a award shows back to where it used to be. Right? I remember as a kid growing up, Up Money. Money, perfect. Great. Talk About it. Money because Growing up as a kid, that's what we look, we aspired to watch. We expired to, we, we wanted to see the NAACP awards, we wanted to see the BET awards. And some of our biggest moments culturally came from those events. Soul Train as well. How do we get back to that? Now you say money, what does that money mean? Emini here, the, the large marketing houses actually put an emphasis on black culture in a way in which it's not exploitive for their product line. But, but that's supportive of, of for the culture's sake. What we have seen over time is a devaluing of shows like Soul Train, love Soul Train, but an escalation of resources for the Grammys or the Oscars or the Emmys while their, their view ship has been going down, they still investing in it, but then they say your viewership is down.


Yeah. You don't invest, but if you invest people wanna see black entertainment. People wanna appreciate the culture and it's not just in the us it's globally. I agree with that. But you know, there are some black people who think white ice is cold. There absolutely are Emini here. I think one of the things that was interesting post, you know, that very brief moment of racial renaissance we had in this country post murder of George Floyd Black three Players. Right? Right At That moment, the post that when we were preparing to, to do the image awards with the naacp, I would get these calls from journalists and they'd say, is there still a need for the image awards? Hmm. Haven't, aren't we beyond that? And I said, so white. Right? Right. And I said, you know, first of all, I think it that suggestion means you really don't understand why the image awards exist.


It is not, it doesn't exist because we were excluded from other places. First and foremost, it is about that our community values being recognized and celebrated by our community and that has absolute value. But the second thing is what we understand about this country is it's terribly fickle, right? So today, oh yes, we're wonderfully popular and you wanna include us in all of your award shows, but you know, this is not going to sustain. And what the NAACP and the partnership with BET, we have a consistent commitment to celebrating excellence in our community. And that's really what our partnership for the image awards is all about. Question for you guys. 'cause even in planning the show, right? So BET works with the NAACP to have the awards, the program are on the network.


People always give you guys a lot of flack for what's on the network and what's not saying that you need better shows or whatever the case may be. But the award show, the image awards are, it's always a good show in my opinion. How much do you get tired of the conversation of BET doesn't have good stuff to watch, that's why we don't watch it. Well, It's fascinating. I think there are always going to be people who are critical. That's the reality of the situation. It's really fun. This morning before coming over, I listened to your best of clip that you guys have online and one of your featured guests was Miss Pat, right? And it was through Lee Daniels reaching out to BET to say, I have this series that only BET can create. The only platform in The World that can actually put this, this series out there is BET.


It scares everyone else off. It's an important message. So we looked at it, we love Lee Daniels, we greenlit the series, right? And it actually secured bet's first primetime Emmy nomination because it was a really breakthrough show. And now everybody knows who Miss Pat is and she's going on. We're actually in the fifth season of that show. And whether it's that or the nominations that we've received for D from Detroit, I love that show writes fantastic show. DR Kilpatrick is an amazing talent and the show is great fun. And the amazing work we do with Tyler Perry, the reality is we have the biggest investment in black focused content than any platform in the country. And even with that, you're never going to be able to satisfy every single audience, right?


And so we recognize that there're gonna be things that people love. They're gonna be things that people wish for. They're gonna be things that, you know, people keep on saying, bring back music, video shows, music, video shows don't work on linear television. That's just the reality bit. So what we focus on is what are the things that actually our audiences are really consuming and enjoying? So Tyler Perry's sisters, we're going into the eighth season. It is the single most watched show among black people on all of television, not all of cable, all of television. That's a fact, right? So more than anything on broadcast television. So people say, oh, you know, there'll be some people who complain about BET, but the fact that we have the single most watched show in black households. So that is a long way of saying we are always striving to be more inclusive.


So we created our streaming platform, BET plus to be able to create even more content, speak to diverse audiences. We think our tent poles, like the NAACP image awards, like the BET awards, which this year is gonna celebrate its 25th anniversary. If you can believe that. We think our tent poles are those to their name. They are the things that allow us to bring a huge cross section of the community together to come and celebrate what's really important to us as a community. One of the things this year, over 3 million folks tuned in, sorry, as over 3 million folks moved in, sorry, tuned into the BET awards in 2024. And if you think about that, it means it's the single largest gathering of black people for a black event in the country, right?


There's nothing else that 3 million Blackfoot folks show up for. That is a specifically black event. And so you still have this opportunity to catalyze, mobilize, and engage our community. And you just have to be very thoughtful and have great partners like the naacp. All right, we have more with Chloe Bailey, the president of the naacp, Derrick Johnson and the president and CEO of BET Scott Mills. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is in on this interview as well, we're kicking it with Chloe Bailey, the president of the NAACP Derrick Johnson and the president and CEO of BET Scott Mills. The NAACP Image Awards will air on February 22nd.


Now Charlemagne, what, What does BET mean to your generation, Chloe, because you're 26. Yes. I think, you know, for me growing up, you know, I'm a music lover. I grew up loving 1 0 6 and park like I think I could speak for everyone in my generation, you know, I know certain things go into a lot, but that was like the show for me to be inspired to get excited. Like that was it. Like I'd run home from school and that's what I'd put on. So I was used to seeing people who looked like me, who were succeeding in a field that I wanted to succeed in one day. So BET has always had a special place in my heart, especially think of all the groundbreaking performances like, you know, when Beyonce had her incredible performance on there.


Yeah. You know, I'm so grateful that I got to be on that stage two, three times. One of my favorite performances that I did on there was on BET. It was like this surprise, treat me mashup. So it's like, I feel like BET gives a platform for all black artists, whether they are at the top of their game or whether they're rising. And I think it's really special to have that support. So when you hear that, Scott, what do You think? So first as a CEO, so I love it and one of the things that we focus on is we understand people love 1 0 6 and Park. Right. And so the fact that it's, it doesn't work as a linear television show, it doesn't mean 1 0 6 and park is over because we can bring 1 0 6 and park back as a podcast. We can bring 1 0 6 and park back as a digital experience. And we can just, we, we are evolving what 1 0 6 and park will look like in 2025, because it does have that very important role.


So Y'all are bringing, does it happen? I've heard, I've heard that you guys are trying to figure out a show like that. Yes. And we've got, we've got a number of really exciting executions because it's also, we're approaching the 25th anniversary of 1 0 6 and Park as well. So we'll, a little bit Ag and free on that 25 Year, you know, we, we will, we will, you'll, there'll be some things that you guys will be really excited about and we look forward to coming back and talk to you about 1 0 6. We're AJ free. There you go. Yeah. Noted. So, but I think the other thing that Chloe shared that is so important is we at BET exist to be in service of our community and our culture. That's what we exist for. And we understand that there's a broad ecosystem of different institutions and individuals that make up our community and our culture, and we are part of that broader landscape and that broader ecosystem.


And we play a supporting complementary role to our community and our ecosystem. And whether that's celebrating black excellence, whether that's mobilizing our community around important events, whether that's coming to the aid of our community post, you know, in the face of Covid. But to Chloe's very specific point, one of the things that our team loves is to be a platform that both celebrates our most successful artists who are absolutely at the pinnacle of their careers. And simultaneously to identify and support those emerging artists, to give them the platform because we were so many artists very first time to be on television, right? So many artists, very first time to perform the number of managers and, and label executives who come up and say, you know, we are so appreciative to be back at the BET awards because this is where our Halen X, Y, Z got their very first break.


That really resonates with our team. Can You tell us some of the performance that you guys have planned for the NAACP Awards? We will be revealing performers as we get closer. We're gonna, we, we are doing a rollout now, and it, it is very intentional because we are trying to build the audience, the platforms by which people consume information is shifting every month. You know, as you know, we grew up listening to Tom join the Morning show, breakfast Club, took it over. Well quite frankly, there's gonna be a podcast to take over Breakfast Club. And so we are hundred 60. What's happening, first of all, breakfast Club did not take over. Tom Joiner. Tom Joiner retired on his own accord. No, no, no, no. I don audience, But it's Tom Joiner was urban adult contemporary.


He came into the 25 54 demo. We came around 18 to 24. And The Breakfast Club is a podcast, not just a podcast. We're the number one black podcast in The World. And having 8, 9, 9, you Do everything perfect, but somebody gonna do it better later. Is that gonna be next month they come up or is it gonna be next year? You're doing everything perfect. Why do we do that as black people? I don't know. You started that Something to replace something. Why all of these things can't coexist as one. It can coexist, but I, I'm, I'm, I'm responding to the tone. And the tone is we have legacy organizations, we have media companies that have, have been flagg part of our community. We have a show we are on now where a podcast has been excellent.


We had other shows that sunsetted it is a part of the ecosystem of who we are as a community and we should meet people where they are. Well, Who's replaced the naacp Derrick? That's a good question. Now they ain't ready. Oh Man. But that's what Emini here, when I say that like why do we do that as a, as a people like, oh, just replace that. Like no, everything can coexist as one. You And I we we absolutely agree. Yeah, but the tone set with something differently, right? So if she is 26 and she can appreciate 1 0 6 in park, there's someone who's at a ccp. But if an ACP is not the right vehicle or voice for them, I support them choosing the right vehicle voice. Because in the social justice movement, it's not a competition, it's an opportunity for our voices to be heard. Inter entertainment community is not a competition.


It is an opportunity for our voices, our culture to be, to be experienced. And that's how we should be approaching all of this. And so where BET right now is in an industry that's shrinking o overall, what Scott is doing is trying to figure out, okay, how do we continue to advance our culture and our voice Where NACP we are in a political dynamic that has shift. It is our job being the largest organizations in 47 states to continue to evolve with that. We are not going anywhere. I don't want The Breakfast Club to go anywhere. BET shouldn't go anywhere. We should all be leaning to our culture, our opportunity, and our voice. Well, I I I agree These institutions shouldn't go anywhere, but I do think they do have to evolve. Like I doubt absolutely, I doubt I'll always be here as a host.


I doubt NB always be here as a host, right? People like Lauren, the Jesse will take over and everything. But when it comes to the NAACP or any of these institutions whose job is it to tell our own stories? Us It's our job, right? Yes. And that's why when we took over, we, we saw the partnership with BTB Young Park p Paramount. We have a joint venture with P Paramount tv. We will have a soap opera air next month on the 22nd on CBS daytime. We are working, we are about to launch our podcast is we have to evolve that I, our revenue streams have to evolve. How we approach this. Organizations should not be driven by personality. It should be driven by mission and strategy. I agree. So we all have to evolve. Lemme ask you a question. Sports doesn't work well on BET doesn't, sports Sports works well on linear television.


The challenge is sports rights have gotten insanely expensive because I, I look at all these HBCU, right? I, I DJ'ed the, the Howard Hampton game was on CBS the other day and I'm watching a lot of these college games on TV And I always thought to myself with all the HBCUs and how it's been a spurge of HBCUs, everybody supporting HBCUs. It was just always weird to me why BET didn't put their arm around and be like, I need all those games here where people actually come next. It's, It's a great question. And in fact, when BET started, BET used to air HBCU games, I'm told that there's footage of Bob Johnson running along the sidelines doing live commentary. That's fine. HBCU games. So I'm trying to look for it. But the reality is, because of the evolution of college football and, and because of the proliferation of access to sports across all these platforms, the demand, the viewership interest in HBCU sports right now isn't high enough to kind of support the investment.


Having said that, the entry point that we think is really exciting that we're really focused on is you now have a bunch of brothers who went off and played in the NFL have said, we wanna remedy this dynamic where top black athletes feel like they have to go to other schools to be competitive. We wanna remedy that dynamic, right? So you saw, you know, you saw the recent announcements about the brothers, the Jackson, right? That's an alma mater. Okay, there you go. And so now university, right? There you go. So, and that, so now the opportunity is we take our footprint, our platform, our relationships, and then we bring them to these luminaries who are going back to these HBCUs and building those teams.


And then we focus on the stories and the people and the journey. And we get a broader community to be excited about this. And we actually use it to build interest in HBCU football. And that we think is the way to actually elevate interest in HBCU football, which will then allow us to bring more games to the network. Alright, We have more with Chloe Bailey, the president of the NAACP Derrick Johnson and the president of TEO of BET Scott Mills. When we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren OSA is in on this interview as well. Chloe Bailey is here, the president of the NAACP and the president and the CEO of BET is joining us this morning.


Lauren. Now Chloe, I gotta ask you. Yes, you bringing a date to the NAACP Awards? My godmom and my manager. Okay, so we ain't gonna see no, we gonna see no more burner boy, you'll have to ask him. You're here. He's not. Oh, not you. No. Vernon's not nominated now he's not nominated. But you look at these sheet, he not on The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior.


A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before.


It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something. That Last State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the


lineup@sxsxsw.com. At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting a rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dream it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at t guarantee, head to at&t dot com slash guarantee. At&t connect and changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


There. Chloe's on air, but I'm speaking of support and you know we were sending you out with him in Nigeria. So is that a new thing or, Nigeria was so beautiful. I've heard I had the best time I've Heard. What about the nightlife? We saw you in the club with Berna. Yes, The nightlife. It was so many lights. So many colors. So many cameras. I know so many cameras. You know With all like everything with you when you're, because whatcha You trying to ask Lauren? Getting There last time you over here was gonna Emini here now is Burner Boy we wanna know, is that your boo? Is this a thing y'all together? Do y'all go together real bad, y'all just having fun. What is it? Well, I'm a grown woman, so you do. I had a great time in Nigeria. I really did.


So I guess I'm not gonna get an answer on if you cared about the, when you left, there was the video, people were like, oh my god, the Chloe time is over now he's out with this random other girl. What? I didn't see that Burn boy burn boy. He, yeah, he was out with a random mother girls. He was snitch because I didn't even see happy snitch All over the internet all over there. But it's because we all were so heavily together. We were like, oh shoot, we don't see her do this much. Yeah. And then, yeah, so yeah, He's a grown man. It's like I'm a grown woman so you, I couldn't have imagine dating at 20 something and being put on the air by Being so and being super famous. Right. Oh imagine the stuff that you did when you younger. Somebody videotaped you. People are expecting the minute that they see her on that carpet, they gonna be looking like, because looking For who I get.


Anybody, anybody that she's with is always a thing. Anybody she's with, like she, she could Have been going to bible study Emini here. You know My girl, You had told me you was in there studying the Bible. I would've been like, you know what God is good. Okay, all the time. My girls, You can study anytime. Even in the club. I'm Got my pen, I have the questions that I'd be wanting to know 'cause Yeah, No I Don't. God Mama done gave you that look. Keep it up twice. No, me and God Mama, keep my honesty, God my got or me before. So I don, I love her. So she Gonna let you know though.


But no, Honestly, I don't mind Emini here. I hate to say this, but it's my life Emini here. It's what I sign up for so I can only expect it. It's just about how I handle it. Yeah. How I handle myself. So I don't think it should ever be pissiness towards the people who ask me. You know? And I think as a woman watching you navigate it, I'm always interested in how you deal with that. Because for instance, you're here about the NAACP image awards, but it's like, we wanna know that. So we have to ask of, and being a person who's now learning how to be in the, the light of everything. I'm like, how the, how do you deal? Plus Her love life is very slow. Chloe like very, very slow.


I know you got a I don whoa. Just know she No she don't. She really Don't. You like, Boom, her phone is Dry. Dry. Heck. One thing I learned about getting on radio intimidated it date very dry. I am just, I am a wife. All I do is stay home. I just wanna cook. Because you A wife but you a husband. She got a husband. Emini here. No, I be a Wife, husband And I husband waiting. I'm domesticated. This radio has made me be quiet. Okay, well guess what you get here is ready for that. I know he is. So it's Preparing you for that. No, it's not in person. I appreciate It. Now back to the NP award, spicy ticket. Now How are these nominees chosen? How, how do you guys choose the nominees and how do you guys go to who's winning And how do y'all expand the categories every year?


Because you know, things change, right? You got social media personality in now, podcasters, post podcasts. How do you expand the category? So Start with the last question. We recognize that, that the industry is changing. So we try to keep up and we add categories, digital content categories, fashion design. There's a panel of close to 500 people. Half industry, half non-industry that's been selected across the country. And those are the individuals that review the materials and they nominate oftentimes, I don't even know what's being nominated till I, I finally get it. And then once nominated, some of the categories are voted on by the public. And so it is by popular vote in some areas and then in other areas is by those who are critics in, in the space to ensure fairness in the outcome.


So there is a a mix that we try to balance those two, two things out. Gotcha. I was, I wanted to ask about comedy as well. You see Netflix is heavy into comedy. You see a lot of that giving comedy deals to damn to every comedian. Has BET ever wanted to jump back into that space? Because BET was one of the huge originators, especially of black comedy. That's Right. With comic view. Did Dion Cole put you up to this question because he's been beating me up about this. No, But he's been up here recently but now he hasn't. Yes. So the reality is we are always looking for the way back into places. Right. And, and we did a quick partnership with Kevin Hart and Heartbeat where we did a test run of bringing back comic view. And part of the thing is that really understanding how our community wants to consume content, right?


And also understanding some people will use certain content as a loss leader for other things. And I'm not saying who would be using it, a loss leader, but there are other platforms that are paying using content as a loss leader for other things. So we're we working with Dion right now to do a really fun thing in standup comedy? He'll be thrilled that you put me on the spot and ask the question. But we think comedy clearly works, right? We see it working with the Miss Pat show. The series we have with Dion average Joe is a thriller that has a comedic line through it. We really see that Our audience loves comedy. Miss Pat, in addition to her Miss Pat show, we do Miss Pat settles it, which is her doing a crazy court show. And so our audience is loving it. We think in 2025, given the way The World has changed, people need to laugh even more.


And so there'll be an even greater demand for comedy. So we're leaning into it in a big way. Have there been conversations with Derek about changing the name of the NAACP since some people think colored people is a slur? No, No. As we sit around the table, we got all the colors around the table, don't we? Yeah. No we have not. Emini here. We get caught up in semantics. We lose focus and, and there's no need to go to the semantics. We are an organization that's been around 116 years. That's significant. When you talk about this concept of a, of a surplus mindset that what we can do, we can stick together, we can work together, we can prosper together. Oftentimes we say what black folks won't do, what we can do, we haven't done. We gotta get away from that and not get caught up in semantics.


At the end of the day, are we being effective with our mission? Making democracy work for all, ensuring opportunity for our community? That's our focus. The semantics go out the door. Yeah, I asked that And I think it was, was it last year? It was a pre, it was one of the presidents, I forgot from what chapter the naacp, he, they were upset because somebody used the word colored people somewhere. I have no idea. I don't. Stevie Wonder every time I run across him he asks a question. 'cause he's been saying y'all need to change the name. He's been saying that since like 90 82. Yeah. What does he see about the name that Shut up. Shut up. I haven't Shut up. What? I'm just asking the question. It's a lack of subtlety. Right? Right. At the end of the day, the Im image awards is, is the crown jewel of shows for African American.


Right. It gives us an opportunity for all of us to come together and appreciate the culture we bring to the table. Save him. Save him. Absolutely. Right. And we do that intergenerationally across all of all of the platforms. That's right. And you can, the voting is now open to the public@naacpimageawards.net. That's right. And we appreciate you guys for joining us this morning. Yes. To stop dragging Chloe around for no reason. She's busy. She got things she could be doing. She wants To be here. She out here for her people. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yes. Okay. That's right ladies. Yes. And I do you want a host? Yes. I would love To host. If you were us as the host, I think it would make so much sense. I love because you out here outside, we don't Know what y'all plans to I putting pressure on her. They might have another host you just fing. She say She want a host too. Wow. Or or if I don't host, I could sing a little song.


Listen, we've been rolling. When we announced the host, everybody gonna say, oh that is a great choice. Good decision. And the hosts gonna come on with Scott and they gonna talk about why that person is the host. And y'all gonna say this is the best thing that could have Absolutely. Collaboration. Be dope. I know That's right. Go Chloe. Chloe and Burna boy hosting the naacp. That would be too much. That would be a great collaboration. And you won can take credit for it. He brought that back up. I did. Oh right. Well Chloe Bailey, Deon Johnson, Scott Mills, we appreciate you for joining us. Check out the naacp, the 56 NAACP Image Awards. February 22nd at 8:00 PM And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never Be the same. Don't be out here acting like a donkey Pee high. Bitch pee high. It's time for donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne God gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If gotta say something you may not agree with doesn't mean, I'm mean Who's getting that donkey? That Donkey that Don Don Don Don Donkey donkey of the Day right here. But The Breakfast Club Bitches, you can call me the donkey of the day. But like Emini here, no harm Donkey today goes to 22-year-old Malaysia. Lee Malaysia is from Charlotte, North Carolina. Salute to the 7 0 4. Dropping a clues bombs for Charlotte. Man.


One of the reasons, one of the reasons that I have chosen to be a mental health advocate is because I want us as humans to learn how to control our emotions. Easier said than done. I know. But today's donkey is a prime example of it's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. That's why, you know, going to do that internal work on yourself matters. Okay? Because you can get to that place where you realize you don't have to match energies, baby. And you realize you don't have to take everything personally because as Don Miguel Ruiz says, in one of my favorite books to fall agreements, whatever happens around you don't take it personally. Nothing other people do is because of you. It is because of themselves. Malaysia could have used that advice. See, she could have used that second agreement because Malaysia was an employee at Wendy's in the 7 0 4.


And according to store managers, a 31-year-old homeless man named Alondro All, is it Alondro? Yeah. Alon Alondro Romero. Santos came in the restaurant requesting free food. Okay? The news report said he was homeless so clearly he wasn't having the best day. After the manager provided him with a cup of water, Santos allegedly used the cup to fill it up with soda instead. Pepsi, Coke, Sprite, Fanta. I don't know what his soda choice was, but when Santos went to the restroom, the manager threw the cup away. Why? Okay, I don't know. Let the man have his cup if he wants, you know, to get free refills. Who cares? In fact, give him some of those hot fries and a cheeseburger and tell him keep it moving. The man was homeless. Now granted, you can't make a habit of that because you will have people coming to the store doing that all the time.


But if you see someone in need at least attempt to help in this case, you didn't help. In fact, you clearly hurt because when Santos came out the bathroom, he got mad, he got upset because the manager threw the cup away. So he went to the parking lot, found another cup and returned to the store to fill it with soda once again. Now of course the manager didn't like that. You went outside and found a cup in the parking lot to fill it back up with soda, by the way, that's nasty. Okay? That is disgusting. Alright? That's how you know desperate times called for desperate messages. Somebody might have, have, have spit FLM in that cup. Oh, okay. And tossed it before they left the parking lot might have been rolling a blunt. You know how it is sometime when you out somewhere and you sitting in the car rolling up, you know you got a little cup from the, from a fast food restaurant.


You put the blunt guts in that cup, spit in it, you know, toss it. Oh, that's why using a cup he found in the parking lot is gross. But according to this article, he's also homeless. So I'm not judging. But Santos got mad at the manager. So then Santos threw the soda at Malaysia who was sitting in the restaurant with the manager. Now when I heard this story, I said to myself, I think that's assault. I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I a legal expert. But that feels like an assault. It's not a punch, a slap a push, but it is an attack. Okay? There is a reason Sprite rhymes with fight. Okay? That is a man throwing a drink on a woman. So I did some research and by research Emini here, I asked chat. GPT is throwing a drink on a woman considered assault and chat.


GPT said yes, throwing a drink on someone, including a woman, is generally considered assault or battery under the law, depending on the jurisdiction. Well, we need to lock up everyone on reality tv, okay? From Love and Hip hop, the Real Housewives round 'em all up. All right? Yes, Malaysia was assaulted and Malaysia did what a lot of people do in the Carolinas, north or South, okay? When they get assaulted, she went to her car, okay? She didn't have it on her. She went and got her pistol. Now, I don't know why the dude Santos stood there and waited for her to come back, but I guess he didn't expect this young lady to have a pistol, but she did. And Malaysia came back in the store, chased Alondro outside and shot at him three times, hit him once in the head while he was driving. Yes, this homeless man had a car, okay?


And Malaysia shot the car up and hit, hit him in the head and she was charged with assault with a deadly weapon, with intent to kill and discharging a firearm into occupied property. And she's in cus she's in custody at the Mecklenburg County Jail under a quarter million dollar bond. Now, I tell you folks all the time, you cannot tell someone how to react. Okay? I might push you and your response might be to pull out a gun and pop me. Well guess what? I shouldn't have pushed you. There is cause and effect to everything. But your Uncle Sharla also tells you that when faced with certain situations, you have to start doing jail math in your head. Okay? You literally have to calculate how much time you could possibly get if you do said crime. You have to calculate in your head if you can afford to do what it is you're about to do. See Malaysia, I'm not mad at you for going to get your pistol.


You was assaulted. I feel like owning a legal firearm in this country and knowing how to use it is a form of self-care. But here's my issue and why you getting the biggest hee-haw? It's because you didn't do your jail math, Malaysia. You had plenty of time to think about your choice. I understand this man threw sold on you And I'm glad you were able to go to your car to get your gun. But the gun should have been there to protect you from the situation escalating further. Or maybe even the whole demand while the cops come. I'm not expecting you to be a vigilante hero in this situation, but I just wanted you to move with a little less emotion, okay? You gotta be strategic. I understand you were upset because he threw a drink on you and who knows what else you know was going on in his life or even in your life, but you went and got that pistol. He saw you coming, he hauled ass, got this car, and you let off shots.


I can even understand that to a certain extent because he might've been going in his car to get his weapon. But in this case, according to reports he was driving off, let him go. I know hindsight is 2020 and and it's easy for me to say because I wasn't in the situation, but let him go. Hell you could even let one off in the air just to let him know you will bust your gun. But shooting in his car, three shots, gunshot wound to the head while he's driving off. Ah, you should have started doing that jail math in your head, man. Luckily he's not deceased. But now you sitting in the county with a quarter million dollar bail. I'm not counting your pockets, but you're 22 and work at Wendy's. I doubt you got a quarter million or the 25,000 because most, most bonds are 10%. I I doubt you have either, but that's why jail math works.


And you have to calculate these scenarios in your head before you make decisions. Addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. How long will I be gone if I do this? How much money will it cost me if I do this? Subtract your emotion from things and ask yourself, is it worth it if I do this? The answer is no. You are in jail right now simply because a man wanted a free soda. Let him have it. It is not worth ending up in jail over a free soda and free fast food. Emini here. Come on. Like who, who, who would go to jail for a free soda and free fast food? Wow. Oh Lord. Play your steam music. Okay guys here.


Mid, mid-size Mac is here. Yo, bite size. Mac is crazy. Mid size Mac is here. How are you? How are you? Mid size Mac hungry. Wow. Wow. Anyway, whoa. What, what, what Mac, I know. I knew soon as I said something about food, you was gonna walk, walk In here. This is, I don't understand how I keep telling y'all that the, the big bags are biting back. Mm. Nothing is worth any of this. And not even just because like you said, the jail math, every black person knows we all have the same mantra at work. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm, I Agree. Yeah, I'm with you Them folk for foes. I'm with you defending that. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm. You wanna steal from Home Depot? Mm. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm mm You gotta keep, you just gotta tell yourself in the back of your mind constantly.


Because that will prevent you from having to do the jail math. So even if They throw the food on you or the sold on you, you still like, well I'm the wrong person to ask that somebody throw food at me. And they like Mouth you. It's a game. What else You got? Hey, yo, Please give Malaysia. Please give Malaysia Lee the biggest heehaw Jesus Christ man. Say he a gizzy catcher. He mouth. I ain. Say All that. I said somebody throw it at him. What else you got? No, I, God dang Gizzy Catch is adit. I hate this show so much. I'm gonna open my now go threaten me with a party. Be in your foreplay. It is crazy, man. That's How you know there ain't no HR here. They, they probably like, look, I don't get paid enough for this.


Alright, Thank You. Gizzy catches Charlamagne. Thank you for that dog Of the day. Yes indeed. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in for just today. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We Have the brother Leon Thomas. Welcome bro. What's good? What's Good? Hey y'all Feeling how You feeling? Blessed Black and Holly favored Leon, you are by far the greatest new male r and b singer doing it today. Man, thank you so much. That's not that, that shouldn't even be up for debate, Man. Man, I really appreciate that man. How Do you receive that? Yeah, Emini here. You know, to be honest, I try to just take it one step at a time. You know, I try to stay humble with everything, but I'm glad to be a new voice in r and b.


You know, it's a genre that I love, you know, I'm trying to bring back live musicianship, real songs. You know, writing with the team that I have has been a, an amazing pleasure. And you know, just bringing like that, that organic feeling back to the live stage is like a big thing for me. You know, for People that don't know Leon Thomas, you know, you started on Broadway. Tell everybody how you got your start and, and your way into being this, this r and b star. Well, listen, I grew up in New York, started on Broadway out here. I did three Broadway plays from Lion King, the Carolina Change, the Color Purple You Assemble in Lion King. Yeah. Yeah. I was assemble in Lion King. And then, you know, I started booking movies and TV shows Before. Always Slow up. But how, how was that?


I just took my kids to see that. Oh No. It was insane. Emini Here. So how was that training? 'cause it's a lot of shows. Yeah. A lot of people. And it's live so you can't mess up. No, no, No. You can't mess up. It's eight shows a week. I was 10 years old when I did my first Broadway play. Shout out to my mom and my family for, you know, supporting me through that whole journey. And yeah man, I went from being a regular kid to starring on Broadway in a matter of months, you know? Now, now how was that? Because it's not the, the typical thing New York kids do, right? So you're singing, you're dancing, you're doing that. So how did you get into That party? Not New York kids do. No, because you don't going Broadway. I don know Any, anybody. They went to Broadway. So It's very different New York kids that go on Broadway. I don I Don't Emini here. I don I don't know, I had a couple homies who ended up in different plays, but for the most part, yeah, yeah, it was definitely like a bit of an anomaly for my neighborhood in Brooklyn.


It was, it was kind of weird explaining it to my homies at school. Like, yeah, I was just doing a show last night. They're like, what? What's going on? Or maybe kids from a certain area. Yeah, That's What Emini here new? Well not from New York, from the Hoods of New York. Okay. Where, but nah, it was definitely a real pleasure, you know. But, but, but from there I ended up doing a lot of TV and film. You know, I shot my first movie out here with Robin Williams and Terrence Howard called August Rush, which was an amazing pleasure and that kind of brought me into a lot of, a lot of TV after that. Yeah. With Nickelodeon and He was on Victoria. Yeah. Victorious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With Ariana Grande. And you know, that was a big journey. That was the number one show on the network at the time. We were beating out American Idol and it was a way for the rest of The World to kind of really tap into who I am as a creative.


But it took years of, of really honing in on who I am as an artist to get to this point. Producing and writing for a bunch of different artists. Winning a Grammy, working with Cssa and a baby face, Drake, a bunch of different people. It's been a, you wrote for Drake. It's been a real, I actually produced for Drake, but, but you know, shout out to him man. A lot of people Right from Drake? Allegedly. Yeah, allegedly man. But you know, for me, I don Get nothing wrong with it. I don't Think there's anything wrong with it either. But it was a blessing to Emini here. It's, it is interesting because I'm an artist and people see me as a singer. They kind of forget that I also produced a lot of big records. You know, my production game is pretty tight. So you Say Like a rapper though? Well, yeah, on purpose. Your lyrics are like that of a rapper. That's why when I see Freddie Gibbs on your records a bit butcher, it makes so much sense to be, you still keep in touch with anybody from Victoria's?


Absolutely, man. You know, I chop it up with Ari Avan Jogi is a really good friend of mine. You know, Matt Bennett, a lot of the cats, we all hang out and do lunch. It's kind of like my last two years of high school were with them. So that's like my graduating class essentially. We were all in school together, so we filmed, but we also went to school. So those are, those are my really good friends. Who, to Victoria and her mom. I did a, I hosted a New Year's Eve special with them. Oh, for real? Back in the Oh, that's dope. That's Dope. Yeah. People you have a wrote for Ariana. Yeah, actually I worked with her on her first album. That was my first time going number one with an album I did about like four songs on her first album. Yours truly. Wow. So that was a real, a real pleasure. Yeah. Did you know you always wanted to be an RB singer? Like was that the goal as a kid growing up?


Oh, for sure. Or did you always wanted to be an actor? Like, and when did you pivot when you was like, all right, this is what I wanna do. Listen, I feel like I did this role with Katherine Bigelow. She's a Oscar award-winning director. But I had to cut my dreads for it and that was kind like my last straw in acting. You know, I did this role for Detroit And I felt like, you know, I need to kind of tap back into who I am as an artist. You know, grew my dreads back. Really got into my internal self meditating, really like tapping into who I am as a human being. And a lot of great music came out of that. You know, I always knew I wanted to be a singer, but I knew for a fact I needed to, to really present myself as who I truly was. As so easy to play a character when you're always acting, you know, I needed to come to The World as my true self.


When you were on the, like the sets when you, like, even with like Victorious and stuff like that, what was your mom and like your parents there often or? Oh Yeah, my mom. Because Ariana Grande talked a lot about that too. Like how y'all parents were, were close. Nah, they were there. They were there. You know, my mom was never like a momager, like over my, over my shoulder kind of mom. But she was also very protective of my peace. Got you. And mental health and making sure that I'm just like in a good, a good space while I'm, while I'm trying to create something timeless and you know, shout out to her for just always, you know, creating safe spaces for me. Right. Throughout that journey, you know, probably kept You from getting slimed. Yeah. Being The quiet on set doc. Yeah. Nah, it was definitely nuts.


Definitely nuts. You know, seeing, seeing how everything looked out. Definitely Nuts. It was definitely, definitely insane. Gotta say don't say don't say that. Definitely nuts after that. I know, I know. You know, it is crazy. It is crazy. 'cause you know, I just saw the doc not too long ago. It's definitely eye opening and a lot of my castmates, we, we, we hopped on a Zoom call. We all wanted to talk about it. And luckily during, during our seasons it was, it was very wholesome and chill. But, you know, shout out to anybody who dealt with anything bad. Emini here. I, you know, my, my heart definitely goes out to them. The thing I love about your music too is number one, I can tell you've been, you, you, you got a sense of freedom. Yeah. So does that come with money or does that come with just how you came up, you know, with your mom doing music?


So you always felt free as an artist? Yeah. Like what Emini here? You know, I think the, the the greatest thing about being an artist is that it's a, it's a great representation of being a free black man. You know, like, you know, being able to wear what I want, you know, say what I want on, on record is really important to me. You know, I try to stay as grounded and as real to who I am as I can be. Emini here. I think it's, it's, it's really easy to want to be an artist and play a character who you think people want you to be. But I'm doing my best to just like, kind of Just say what I want, do what I want, you know, When you come up with songs. But like, I like Feelings on Silent with wa I love wa but songs like that, like when I listen to it each time I get something different from it.


Yeah. So the first time I listened I was like, oh, this is like guys just being like, we keep our feelings to ourself. And then the second time I listened I'm like, this is the trauma that they deal with because like he mentioned PTSD and like yeah. A bunch of other things. Like how do you, first of all sitting back you, you wrote that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I co-wrote that. Sitting back and writing it with him. How do you be like, okay, here's all the things that we want people to get when they hear this. Or do you guys just write and whatever people get, they get like, were you dealing with something yourself then, or, You know, the way I wrote that record was really interesting. I was in, I was in Italy actually. I was working with Ye and Ty Dola sign on the Vultures one project. And I just had some lyrics kind of, you know, bubbling up in my head. But I think it was one of those moments that it was just kind of stream of consciousness.


I didn't really think too hard on my sections. That was like my second take that you're hearing. Mm. There it wasn't like me like kind of really punching in a bunch of different ideas. It was just kind of flowing. And when Wale heard it, that was probably the hardest verse to get. 'cause we did probably You want You come back outside because he, We did like five sessions to get that one verse. But yo he's so talented in seeing how he crafted his verse Emini here. He would do like five bars at a time and he really cared about the poetry of it all. And, and it's why I really respect him as an artist. He's just a true lyricist. Alright, we got more with Leon Thomas when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Join us for this Leon Thomas interview. Of course, Leon Thomas is singer, songwriter, producer and actor. His album Mutt is out right now and we gotta congratulate you 'cause you got a Grammy for your record with Scissor. We tell everybody that we helped with that because we played Snooze every morning. Did four times morning record. 6:00 AM Yeah, 6:00 AM But you did you, you wrote Snooze. No, I produced, I produced on Snooze. Man. Yo, first of all, let's clear this up. Shout out to Ciz for writing that record we were producing in a separate room and she heard the instrumental And I was like, yo, what is that? And you know, there, there is something that I do where I like take my voice And I I chop it up like a sample because clearing samples is really expensive and cuts into the publishing.


So rather than like actually doing a sample, I I I'll just, you know, s sample, sing a little something, right? So she really liked that and then took it into the other room and wrote an amazing song. And being a part of the production on that with Babyface legendary Babyface was a true pleasure man. Emini here, it it, it was a real journey to see that song go from like a crowd favorite to a Grammy award winning RB song, man. That, that was, that was definitely life changing for me. You got a pro Production team, right? The RAs? Yeah. Yeah, the Rascals. Okay, good. Me, me and Chris Tines. Man, we've been working together since we were like 18, so it's really cool to, to see the growth Emini here. We started off, you know, a little shaky when it came to production, but it's nice to see us, you know, really develop into the producers we are now.


We had great mentors, man, You have such big moments, like even before that and during that, but it's like, I don't know, like when do, when do you feel like things started like to click finally where people were like, oh shoot Leon, like we get it now. It's really interesting. I like to call it the Drake effect. When I was working, when I was working with Drake, all of a sudden label executives who have known me for years,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic run roof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


We wanna take a second to talk about something serious. Did you see the new commercial from Standup to All? Hate? If you haven't watched it, pause the podcast right now and go check it out. All right, so you have Snoop and Tom Brady in each other's faces saying all the ways they hate each other, but when you actually hear those two icons say it, the reasons for hating someone or something are really just stupid. So there's no reason to hate on someone, you know? Right. This commercial made me look around. There is so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up against the hate. If you see someone getting hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand up to all hate


peers. Were like, eh, I think you could be an artist, you know? And I was like, all right, okay. So I kind of peeped that And I said, okay, well let's start kind of building this out. But I knew I wanted that, that same formula that Drake had with Lil Wayne and, and, and, you know, working with Ty Dollison was a really smart move. Not only because he's just an an amazing artist, but because it was just nice to have a mentor who had done it already. So he's, he's just like, kind of like, yo, try this, make sure the look has this, or, you know, even when it came to the music, like, here's how you really format an album. And I'm definitely doing a lot of studying, you know, shout out to Ty Dola on for sure. He definitely, you know, saw something in me that a lot of label executives were not sure about, and it's cool to see it developing.


How did y'all meet in real time? How, how did you and Ty Dbi? I was actually working on his album as a producer on featuring Ty DLA sign. I was like, one of, I think nine producers on a song with Kanye and Thundercat and a bunch of other people, Nine producers on one record. Yeah, because it's Shit was like, when it's, it was like 0.5, Like I was just there at this or that, A vocal and like some bass or something. But, but he had everybody play like their unreleased records And I played him some of my first album as like demos. And Todd was like, yo, you really, you're really tight, you know, as an artist. He was like, man. And he was originally trying to record one of the songs that I had, but I was like, nah, I want you to feature on it. And over, over the years we became really good friends.


I was working with him a lot and just kind of developed into a, into a whole situation with Sean Baron. Sean Baron is, is the guy who officially like, put it all together with easy money and, and Motown. Is it Tough navigating because people are getting to know you now and everybody's falling in love with your music now and like you have such a close association with Drake, you have to like pick and choose where you go musically and what you do musically with Who you know, honestly, She's asking can you work with Kendrick Lamar if you wanted to? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know that's what she's asking. Emini here. The way, the way I really look at it is just like, on a political level, I make r and b, you know, obviously I make hip hop too, but I'm really focused on my artist journey. So Emini here, Kendrick is such a huge artist. I I don't really foresee us working together in the near future.


And even with Drake, you know, I still want to take my steps to really build on my own two feet as an artist, right? So I'm doing what I have to do right now to really like, grow my own business. Touring is a big thing for me. I'm really focused on that. I'm hitting the road all this year and working on more records. So Emini here, shout out to everybody, but, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm definitely focused on me. How Old were you when you realized Vibes Don't lie. One of my favorite records, man. How old you when you first realized Vibes Don't lie? I think that was, that was definitely early twenties. I think LA is is filled with facades and people who are pretending to be something they aren't people who move from their hometown and create a whole new persona.


So I think for me, just really studying folks, especially a lot of the women you deal with out there, you know, it's really important to, to study their actions and not their words. I love the fact that you are encouraging women, women to keep their healthy. Yes, I'm Okay. Did you ever wanna be a gynecologist? No. Nah, no, no, no. That wasn't on the list. I just Listened. Like what? Yeah, I just listened. I just listened, man. It's Important. So you, they tell you like, Hey, my s not feeling the best today. No Emini here. I just think pH balance is a conversation and you know, I just listened, man. Smell something. Smell something. That's what it smell something. What it, because you was very, very specific. You said she, she only drink water, she keep that healthy.


Yeah. They said on Twitter you be talking crazy like that, but you sing it so people can't be bad about it. Yeah, they can't really like, so you had that conversation in real life with your, your home, like your not your homegirl? Nah, Honestly, you know, I'm just big on shock value. I think songs, especially r and b songs have gotten a bit, not boring, but I think we've, we've kind of already hit the, the golden era of r and b, so I'm just finding new ways to make people's ears p you know, perk up and their minds move. I think social media and podcasts are really interesting to me. You know, these phone mics bring out so many conversations And I think as a r and b artist, I wanna find ways to let that live on the record. And it doesn't always have to be like, verbatim of what I'm going through in real life.


I think it's important to create the drama, you know, I kind of see music as, you know, script and a score. So sometimes the records are just like really good dramatizations of like what I'm seeing in The World. You've encountered some unhealthy vaginas. Don't lie. I was gonna say, so you never Emini Here. I think everybody is, But like, how, but like what, how, how does that go for you? Like now Emini Here? I don't think, I don't think it's Now, or Like women expecting you to be like, all right, here's the check. Like how do you, because you got the songs like they're there. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I definitely got the songs, but I think it's just important to be honest with your partner, you know, communicate, but, but I think it's, it's a, it's a pretty interesting conversation. I try to stay out of if I don't have to, you Know what I'm saying? You ever did the ear wax test? No. I don't even Know what that is. You put me All right, now it's an ear wax test digging your ear a bit.


Did the little wax on it? Put a little pinky. Put the pinky inside her. Hold on. What is that? That she got something. What? That's right. As healthy as it should be. Be honest, you listen to yo Ain't Seen it Should do it on yourself. I don dunno where he got first off. Everybody. You do That is nuts. That's so South Carolina, that road thing that they do. It does. I do not try that. Nah, that's wild. Ginger. Ginger Works. He that doesn't Ginger. Ginger. Y'all Ginger. Your mom never told you you got stomachache. Go drink Ginger. We Aint talking about stomach aches. We talking about peanut. I'm saying people Think Ginger cure everything. Not Earwax. Don't listen to him. Yo, This is last Ginger Vagina Ginger.


Y'all never heard that? That's why you s that y'all, that's why you sing is crazy. My grandma used to be like, go get some ginger around and lay down. Wow. About Anything. Yeah, I don Nah, we love Ginger around here. Did your therapist really tell you that you're too detached or that just something you tell women so you don't commit? Nah, I think, I think you know that bar for me, I have a co-writer, busy Crook and he lives in Miami. Great rapper. That was a bar that came from him. He's very deep into therapy. But I'm glad that we talked about it on record because Emini here, it's something that I definitely did try out over the pandemic and it's something that I actually really respect you a lot for a championing, you know? Thank you brother. But, but, but yeah, that was a, that was a bar from Busy, but I thought it was important to add in there, you know, don't Try to blame Busy now.


Nah. Emini here. This is yo, that's my co-writer, you know, shout out to him. You know what I'm saying? Like, we, we write a lot of our songs together And I really respect a lot of the perspectives he brings to a lot of my poignant records. You know, he got some great bars. Can We get into a song of album? What you wanna hear? That would Be amazing. Yo, let's play. Yes, it is. That would be really cool. All well let's Get into the record right now is Yes, it is. And we got more with Leon Thomas when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is joining us on this interview and we're still kicking it with Leon Thomas Lauren On for Dancing With, when I listen to Dancing With the Demons. Yeah, it Do you ever get like Miguel references sometimes? Mm, Absolutely.


Yeah, because I Was listening and I'm like, oh my gosh. Like, I wonder if like that, like, are y'all, do you know him? Yeah, it's like my big bro. We actually did a movie together. He was in Detroit, the one I had to cut my hair for. He, he was a, he was an amazing, an amazing mentor for me for some years. You know, that bridge between r and b and rock and roll, he's traveled across that bridge many a time. I definitely look up to him when it comes to that. And you know, for me, because I play multiple instruments, you know, I, I definitely try to just embody a lot of that energy. But, but, but I think we both have the same influences as well. I Agree with Lauren on that. Miguel, to me, before you was the last great r and b male, r and b singer.


Mm. To me, I'm just talking about the new guys. I'm not talking record. Yeah. You know, the OG Legends I'm talking about. He's the, he was the last one to me And I, And I, I felt the same way when I heard dancer with the demons. I feel like, I feel like you're talking to yourself on that record though. Yeah. You said you can't seem to save yourself. Never learned to ask for help going out all night, searching for a feeling. So, so what, what, what have you learned to ask for help? It's a one, but I, I thought, 'cause I took it as like, it wasn't talking about a woman. Nah. At Some point the journal, well, Emini here, it's interesting for me, like that record when I wrote it, I wrote it in two different days. The first day I was, you know, microdosing on shrooms, so it was a bit of a haze. The next day I listened to it And I was like, man, this is really poignant stuff, Emini here. It's just really talking about being up all night and searching for a feeling and it's trying to fill voids.


I feel like as you know, when you're in your single journey, you can, you can try to fill a void with a, with a stranger and that's not always very healthy. And what fun. It could be fun. It could be fun for sure. But, but, but, and then especially when you're, when you're in the limelight, the second verse is more so talking about being in the limelight and trying to fill voids. Nobody really talks about the darkness that comes with the flash and lights and yeah. That, that, that record was very deep and very personal for me. You know, I'm glad that people resonate with it. Now you was talking about microdosing on shrooms. Yeah. Where, where does that put your mind and do you always do that to produce and write? Nah, nah, Emini here. I think, I think for this, this album, it was an interesting opportunity to, to kind of unplug Emini here.


I I wasn't doing as many shows around that time too, so it was really helpful to, to kind of just get into my own head and try to figure out who I am. You know, I I I definitely did a lot of manifest in a lot of just like writing down who I wanted to be as a human being around that time. A lot of journaling, you know, and looking back at that season in my life, it was, it was a journey for me to evolve into who I am right now. I wouldn't suggest people just go super crazy on shrooms or anything, but I think microdosing, you know, a small amount could be healthy if you're trying to just find yourself, you know, And I micro at that time I was trying to find myself, you know? Yeah. I microdose I've microdose too. You said You were trying to find yourself. Did you find yourself? Yeah, but Emini here, I feel like that's a constant journey.


That's like the whole part of finding yourself. You realize it, it never stops because we're always evolving, you know? But it's, it's great that I was able to do it through music that, that, that was like a version of musical therapy for me. And I'm glad that people are resonating with it. You know? I Love how you're normalizing dogs on mu not, not, not, I'm not a dog anymore. There is a young unhealed version of me that would've really appreciated that that record because you make it sound so fun and It's Almost like women are just going to bring you in. Like, oh, Brent, come in, you straight dog. Let me domesticate you. Nah, Emini here. I, I was really just documenting what I saw, cut it out, but nah, nah, nah, it's definitely, it's definitely parts to me.


It's definitely now you documented what you saw. We, the music de me post, you know, post breakup where, where I just had to, I just had to figure it out. But I think that's all a part of living, you know. Do you get nervous though, that this is, this is a post break breakup album? Yeah, yeah. This is a post breakup album. So this is me documenting, you know, finding myself first off. Like, you know, you, you're, you're kind of broken after that and then you gotta you gotta put the pieces back together. Her fault. Yes. Nah, it's not her fault. Emini here, it's our fault. You know? Listen, Leon, it's her fault that you ended up being a dog. You went through your, it's her Fault. I bet. I think it's very commendable too, that on the song Safe Place, you let the person you're dealing with. No, this isn't a safe place.


Yeah. Yeah. What inspired that Emini here? I think knowing that I wasn't necessarily ready to settle down. I think that conversation definitely came up a lot during, I guess you would call him my face. You know, just understanding like, yo, I'm, I'm, I'm not trying to settle down. This is a, this is a fun place, you know, this is a, this is a time period where I'm just figuring me out. Work is crazy. It's hectic, you know? And I think having that conversation was important to, like you said, just avoid people not understanding what it was at the time that you were that Honest and personal. 'cause you're honest in music, But it's difficult to be face to face with somebody and be like this. It's very, it's very difficult thing, you know? I really try my best to be as honest as I can. But yeah, those are hard conversations man. You know, I, I, I can't sit here and say I've always done it right or I'm, I'm perfect or anything.


But I try, I try to be like real, you know, I try to explain myself, but even when you explain yourself, sometimes wires get crossed, you know, so unpacking it, it and communicating, you know, is an important thing later on. Yeah. Don't know woman wanna hear that after she just let you hit raw. Yeah, it's, it's, yeah, it's not fair. Has a woman ever said that to you when you were trying to like, create like a, all right, maybe this is like a thing and she's like, yo, I like you, I don't wanna do that To you. Yeah, actually, yeah. Yeah. In my, in my early twenties I was talking to this amazing artist and, and yeah, she was just like, listen baby, this ain't a safe place kind of thing. You anybody we know now. She's like, nah, nah, nah, I don't think you guys, you tear it up a little bit. Yeah, no, no, no. It was all good for me. Emini here at that point, Falling up my ankles.


Nah, you teared up a little bit. But yeah, yeah. You know, it was definitely, you know, it was definitely a, a, a realization for me. I was like, oh, it can happen on that side too. I was like 20, maybe 21, you know? Oh, you crowd in the car? Yeah. So I was like real young and kind, kind of, you know, green like, oh, okay. I bet. Cool. So you all looking for a relationship now? If the right person? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm definitely, I'm definitely in that mode right now, you know? Are you dating, would you date art other like artists, celebrities or do you, like, how does that work? Are you doing that Right now? It's just hectic Emini here you're kind of inviting the media into your life, like the one safe place you have. But Emini here, who knows if I really catch a vibe with somebody who happens to be fan Emini here, I don't really care about that side of things. You know, I've been in the game a long time. I've met some beautiful women who are amazing artists, but it's just about the human being and it can be tough to, to, to really build something if both of your schedules are super hectic.


So, I don't know, I don't wanna ask a question too about the, the another record on Farfetched. Yeah. You said, because we was, we was having a big conversation this week about tricking 'cause you know, skip Bail allegedly, oh my God. Offered somebody 1.5 million. Oh my god. And you say paid for my mistakes in s and Diamonds. Two 50 fronted, like you was my artist. Five Gs just across the Atlantic. We sat in silence for almost two hours. Yeah, That's a horrible Vacation. A quarter million dollars. Yeah. Benzs and Diamonds. Well, listen, when I wrote that record, it was not for me. That was not a joint that I was originally gonna use for me. It was for somebody really famous and really rich. But I just love the way it sounded. And I was like, well you know what? I love to speak in a world where I can actually afford that.


Why not? Let's manifest that And Lucid Dreams you talk about just significant other leaving things behind. Yeah, That was a, that was a fun record with Miss Sego after A breakup. Why? Why do you think that topic is taboo? I don't really consider it taboo necessarily, but I think it's just like, it's just funny 'cause for me, I was living with my ex for like a couple years, so she just had like a closet filled with clothes at my crib and it had been like a year and a half since we were broken up. So we were in the studio talking about different things. The guitarist and producer on that song, freaky Rob, his girl left a, a flat screen at the house that he had to use to watch Netflix. And he was like, man, when is she gonna take this flat screen? And you know, Meego also had a similar situation like that at his crib with a couch.


So we were all just kind of using all of our different experiences, putting it into a song and you know, just locking it in. It's Different when it's closed though. Yeah. Did you clear, you cleared out the Closet, right? Yeah, definitely cleared out the, yeah. Yeah. Cleared out the closet lot. Did you move out the apartment or you just cleared out the closet? You still Nah, I'm still at the crib. Okay. You know what, Emini here still at the crib. You know, there's definitely a certain interior design choices. I'm gonna switch up soon, but Oh, this is like real recent. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. The album is out right now. Make sure you pick it up. And we appreciate you for joining us, man. But Thank you so much for having me man. It's a big opportunity. Thank you so much. It's Leon Thomas. The album Mut is out now and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne The Guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


It's Black History Month. What we doing today, Charlamagne? Yes. You know, every day during Black History month, my guy B do puts out a podcast called, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. And today he's gonna tell you about Marian Sims once held as the father of modern gynecology. He built his legacy on exploiting enslaved black women without anesthesia turning medical progress into a horrifying practice. Let's listen. I didn't Know. I didn't know, I didn't know. Jay Mion Sims. He developed lifesaving medical techniques back in the 18 hundreds, but the way he did it wild, he experimented on enslaved black women without anesthesia. Like, Hey, I'm about to cut you open, all right, but don't worry, you'll be fine 'cause you blacks don't feel pain quite like I do.


That's literally what he believed and people let him get away with it. Three women have been documented. Anca, Lucy and Betsy. And these three women went through hell. Anca alone had over 30 surgeries, 30 with no anesthesia, and Sims called it science. And you know what he got for it? A statue in Central Park. Like imagine going for a jog and seeing a dude being honored for torturing black women. That was a reality before 2018 because in 2018, activists showed up in bloody hospital gowns so that you could visualize these atrocities and pretty much said, nah, this statue's gotta go. And guess what? They won.


The statue got moved to a cemetery. And quite honestly, that's where it belongs right beside Jay. Marion Sims is dead ethics. Now here's where it gets real. You think this is just some old school nonsense, right? Nah, those same racist ideas are still here lurking in hospitals. Like bad wifi studies show doctors today still think black women feel less pain. That's why black women are three times more likely to die from childbirth complications three times. Meanwhile, Karen, over there getting extra Tylenol for paper cut make it make sense. So what do we do first, stop giving shady people statues.


But more importantly, we gotta listen. When people say they're in pain or need help, we need to believe them. 'cause if a Naca Lucy and Betsy could survive all that, the least we can do is make sure that nobody else has to. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Thank you for that information. BDot, make sure you subscribe to, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network available everywhere you listen to podcast. Go back and listen to the past couple of seasons too. You're guaranteed to learn something. All Right, when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here.


Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Unity is strength. It is all right. When there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved. That is actually my positive note of the day. Okay, breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? Ready to celebrate The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that.


Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.