
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Alright, morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We Have Gerard Call Michael, Welcome. I be doing your voice in the showers Morning everybody. It's dj. I like I Gerard about you when he's naked. Yeah. You know, let's lean into all the gay shit I like sometimes when I'm naked I think about dj. Dj. Yes, Yes, yes. Happy to see you, ARD. Happy to see you, bro. Yeah, so I'm always happy when people come right after Donkey today. That show gave, oh my God, we talk bro. Bro, lemme tell you something. I was responding to you like Monique, like I was, I was in my house just pacing around, just being like, ARD lenar.


What would your mother say about giving me, no, let's talk about that. So there's a couple things I want to make clear about that. Well, let's start off for people that don't know, he came in. This is on YouTube. People will see this shit. You, it'll be the video right up next to me in the fur coat with the earrings. And it'll go, oh, Don here today. Whatever You, how you doing first? We'll get to that later. Listen. No, no, no. Brought it up. You got some shit to settle first. Right? Let's, let's, so Charlamagne gave you donkey today. Gave me donkey today for what? Charlamagne gave me. Donkey. No, no. I'm gonna get into it. Okay. So first of all, because the thing I I want to clear up and is very, very important. The people got a short attention span. I wanna make sure that they hear this part first because you reported on you, you played a clip of my standup.


But it started at the punchline and it, it like completely erased the setup of it. And I really don't like that. It made it seem like I was talking like I'm into some type of race sexual slavery role play with my boyfriend, which is untrue. It's so false. And I expect that type of thing from TMZ. 'cause they have no humanity. They don't care about like the, the people that get hurt when they report these sort of things. But you are a friend. So I really didn't like that. Like I, like I know you repeated it in the Neil interview. I I I didn't like that. That that was very, very unfair. It was a joke. I don only I saw that clip though. But yeah, but I, I need you to watch the show and anybody who watches the show, it's not what I said. It's so false. It's so untrue. And I, I don't like that because it's like, no, no.


Well, we'll get into that later. It's a joke about reading. It has nothing to do with my boyfriend. It has nothing like, the sex that we have has nothing to do with sex. It's something that like people have been reporting on And I really, really don't like it. It's about my boyfriend reading so much. He makes me feel insecure about my level of reading. And look, I get it, it it, like, it's something that people have been running with because one, 'cause I have a white boyfriend. So like, people like try and create some type of crazy story out of that. Like, and, and it's a small group of people really. Like I read all the tweets and it's like some gay black men and some Ku Klux Klan members who don't like that I have a white boyfriend. They agree on that. So congratulations like the Klan and Dr.


Oumar. And You know, some people find some common ground on that, but he's a human being. He deserves respect. I deserve respect. I don't appreciate things being misreported or like said about him in that way. It's completely false. So I I don't like that. I just wanna make that clear. That's, that's not something I, I I know you are just reading the news, but like, you're a friend And I want you to like actually have nuance with these stories. Like, look, I'm a human being and like people are, people can get hurt. They're actually real lives at stake with the things that you, you say and look, come after me, that's fine. But don't come after like my, my boyfriend who is, I don't Think we came at your boyfriend though. We knew it was about you. Well, I'm saying when that's in the headline and that's reported.


Like, and then misreported like, oh, he's into race Slave play with his white boyfriend. I I don't like that headline. 'cause it's false. It is not true at all. Now onto Dave Chappelle. No, I wanna state to the joke though in context, the joke's still not a good joke. Well, that's on you. Listen, I've been a professional comedian for a while. I got, I got Some still. Because you're still saying you're a Slave. No, he's a Slave master that joke. You know, the Slave master teaching the Slave to read, You know, listen, I'm talking about my own personal insecurity. I'm an educated person. I'm usually the smartest person in the room. He reads so much. It makes me feel like, oh, do I even know how to read that joke works. If I had a black boyfriend, my boyfriend were black. That joke actually works better if I had a black Boyfriend. Don't, don't you black and you the Slave and the white person is the Slave Man.


Listen, if you are and You are from North Carolina where, You know, the first anti literacy laws were created in North and South Carolina, You know that Sure, Sure, sure. But that's not my role as a comedian to start getting into like, like literacy laws and stuff like that. You've completely lost that. I evoke provocative imagery sometimes in my jokes. Some people are very sensitive to that. That's your right. You don't have to laugh at that. You could like hear the word slavery and completely shut off. That's completely fine. But don't misconstrue what I said and don't like make it into something that's not, 'cause that's where I start to get offended. I don't think we made it in the misconstrue No. That, That, that the statement like, oh, you, you said it like multiple times on the show. Like, oh, he's into Slave role, play with his white boyfriend.


That's untrue. I don't Know if I said it like that. I think I'm You Said it Charlemagne, some wrote aall play. That is not the joke. The joke's about me reading the, the jokes about my insecurity about like not being as well read when I be in bed next to him and he's on his third. I get what You're the about. Okay, I get it, Get it When I'm in bed next to him and he's like on his third novel of the month, I be watching Breakfast Club interviews And I feel like, oh, I do. I should read more. Yeah, that's what the joke is. The joke, it has nothing to do with sex, has nothing to do with the type of sex that we have. And that's just absolutely false. But still not a good joke. When you black and hey Listen, that's on you that, so you, you do stand up and you figure it out. For me.


The crowds laugh, whatever. I'll say this about If the crowd is majority white, are they laughing with you or at you? You know, it's Funny. I'm actually, I'm actually shocked. There's actually a pretty decent amount of black people coming out to see me. I, I really appreciate y'all for coming out. I want y'all to keep coming out too. I like, I, I like the, the seeing it really, especially black women are like in the crowd. They've been like talking to me. They seem invested in my life and it makes me feel really, really special. So I I I really like that And I appreciate that. Now I wanna move on to the Dave Chappelle portion of it. 'cause I've heard you comment on that too. I deeply regret ever saying anything about Dave Chappelle to the press. I wanna say that I'm sorry for that because one, I'm a huge Dave Chappelle, Dave Chappelle fan.


I love Dave. Like, I, I think he's brilliant. I think he's a bright light in a dying industry. I think he's more important now than ever before because like comedians are now just posting clips of him doing crowd work online and calling it art. And it's not art. Dave Chappelle is an artist. He's one of the few artists that we have. And I care deeply about the work that he makes. With that said, the criticism that I had had nothing to do with the morality of the, the joke had nothing to do with the ethics of the joke. That's something that has also been misreported. The the criticism I had was that of a fan, someone who respects him so much that I want him to focus his genius on a wide range of topics. I think that, like, it started, but it started being really, really focused on one thing.


I disagree. Well, I'll I'll say this. Look, that's Like us saying that about the Slave Joke. I'll, I'll say, I'll say this, I'm also a big fan of Jay-Z. If Jay-Z made three albums about trans people, I'd be like, Hey, what's going on with Jay? But Jay-Z Made three albums, more than three albums about selling drugs. You don't label, you just don't put 'em in that. You don't pigeonhole him with That. No, they Jay-Z I mean, listen, I I would love to get into a Jay-Z argument. Jay-Z was very personal, very emotional. He always evolved. 4, 4 4 was incredible. Absolutely. Because it showed growth and evolution and something you've never seen before in rap. And that's a thing with comedy too. Comedy doesn't grow, comedy doesn't evolve. It's, it's kind of stunted like rap. And like, we just started getting like real braggadocious like antagonistic with the crowd and it can evolve.


Like, and we need smart people like Dave, like Chris Rock, like myself to actually evolve the art form because it is dying. It's so, so important for people to go up and do deep personal stories or have a deep perspective about things going on in The World because it's not happening. You see it online. Yeah, I know. That's all need. Well, listen, all I'm saying is I, and because I've talked about Dave a lot, I don't wanna talk about Dave anymore. I, I honestly, I called him an eagle man. I'm an eagle maniac. I'm here to talk about me. I have a show that I wanna talk about. Have you spoken to him personally? I'll talk about it with him. Have y'all spoke to him on the phone? Yeah. Yeah. I know Dave. And You know what? And I'll tell you honestly from now on, any thoughts I have for Dave will be directed in a phone call to Dave.


I'll never do it again. I'll never, I I do apologize for that. I like, 'cause you see, I'm man enough to say that I, that is wrong. I don't, I don't need it. I don't want the attention. It's gone on way too long. Yeah. Don't want it at all. I'm here to talk about me. Did It change after you got, I guess taken outta context after the Slave joke? Because it, it literally was no, It never changed. 12 hours. No, it never changed. It had like, it had nothing to do with that. Like, I, I, I think that again with the press, same thing. TMZ it's funny because that's the thing that happens. Like, You know, I get asked about Dave or Cosby or someone like that. Like, it is almost like the press and like, You know, it's, they wanna perpetuate a beat. Well, it's just like, hey, like what's going on with you when this other black man like John Malaney don't get asked about Jerry Seinfeld.


The way I get asked about other black comedians like that, that's just like, I I, I don't like that either. These are like, there are few artists in this art form. There are so few artists, people actually doing art. People that are not doing podcasts, not doing like crowd work videos online. People that are actually doing the art. He's one of the few, I have a deep respect for him. And that's, that's all I'll say. And I, let's hope TMZ reports everything I just said because like, I You apologize To Dave Chappelle. Yeah. I, I apologize to myself for make it like, making this whole thing get out of proportion. Like, I should have never said anything again. I really wanna talk about me. That's what I'm here for. Yeah. Before, before I would've talked about Myself. Now Shalam man, he said he was upset 'cause he considered you guys friends and that you went off the rail without having a conversation.


Did you watch the show? Did you, I texted you last night. Did you watch the show? You've been watching it. Did you watch the, the next episode? No, I watched the first four. The first three. Oh man, you're gonna love the next episode. So respond to what he said. 'cause You know, he consider you guys friends and it is My friend. I Now, now envy. I want you apologize to, but if you feel way, I think that Charlamagne you should apologize to him. Mr. Well, I don't know. Feel like I don wanna apologize. Whoa. Okay. That's not this. Whoa, don't you like Well, I'm, I'm talking about fucking candle. It's not just about him. You're a sincere Person. I'm joking. Would you want me to give you one of these half-ass bullshit industry? I don't feel like I need to apologize. I, I think I made myself clear. I have, I have no need for an apology if it hit nothing One day I'm like, You know what?


That was wrong. But in the moment, I, All right, well, I'll wait for that when I'm in the shower thinking about dj And I know that. I know that's right. Anyway, I-I-I-I-I Want you to, I want you to watch this next episode. 'cause this next week I, on a road trip with my dad to di South Carolina where he is from. That's when you was asking about the otters Your, your Monks corner. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, in the track? No, the, the episode is really good. 'cause I have a conversation with him And I say things that I was afraid to say. And I, well, this is The reality show on HBO for people. People. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Let's rewind. Rewind. You just came in with the chop, but just shooting at everybody. Yes. A reality love. I wanted, I wanted to be said in the comment section And I came with love. I came with candles and flowers and love flowers.


That's right. Yeah. Yeah. We couldn't just come on like, Jess, I need you out here. I do, I do have one more question about that though. I like, do you think a comedian should ever call another comedian offensive or imply that another comedian is being offensive? Because you could easily offend. I I'll say comedians can do whatever they want. I don't want to be a comedian who speaks about other comedians. I make art that I like. I make things that I want The World to see. Yeah. I, I focus all of my energy and attention on myself and my art and my work. And that's what I want to be known for. And I don't care. I'm, I'm not on Twitter talking about other comedians. I'm known podcasts. I like, I mean, You know me, I don't talk about anything but myself like that. That's why I'm upset that the whole thing got blown outta proportion.


'cause I don't talk about anything other than myself. I'm, I'm so focused on my own work. I think it's important. I think people should see it. And that's why I'm here. Okay. Now you also talk about black women being super supportive when you first came out, but also being mad at you at the same time. Oh, 'cause I got a white boyfriend. Yeah. You know, it, it's, it is funny. They, they met my boyfriend. They love him like my boyfriend. My boyfriend is actually, he's so real that, that's part of the reason, like that any lie about him makes me upset. 'cause he's so, he's so real. My homegirl Avery loves Mike. Mike doesn't engage in small talk. That's a thing that I actually am trying to learn because like, I can get, that's me and my next book, watch Small Talk sucks.


Hey, there we go. You, you gotta meet my boyfriend. Like, he doesn't do it at all. If you talk to him about the weather, he'll just be quiet. And I'm trying to learn that. Like, I'd be out in The World just lying to people just like, yeah. Oh no. Good shirt. Just like I be having a lot of good shirt conversations. It's all, it's all I don I gotta stop doing that. I don't like that. It's How does He feel when you, when you, 'cause you talk about your life on the reality show. How does he feel when you talk about your sex Capades or even the, your conversation with Tyler the creator? How does it make him feel funny? Do y'all have conversations before? Yeah, he knows all of it. I mean, it, it's funny because our relationship began, I started shooting the reality show and then we, our relationship began. So he, like, he came in at a time when I'm dealing with a lot of things.


And the, the show was just about me. Like me trying to explore all these deep things about myself and being in therapy, trying to work through problems. Like trying to, trying to, like, I I'm exposing it. It's the most vulnerable show of all time. Yes. Like, you've, like, you've never seen a show more vulnerable than this. Did he make you more comfortable with that? He makes me more uncomfortable in life. Right, right, right. Like, I, I think I'm a better person because of my boyfriend. I feel so much calmer now. Like, I, I I'm a person that had a lot of anxiety. And you could see it even in the first episode, you could see like, it, it's me trying to get all my anxiety out. I think that's why the audience feels that way. They feel a little awkward because that's, that's how I felt.


Yeah. I think it transmutes into the art form. I was somebody that was just like, constantly scared, constantly nervous, afraid of how I would be perceived, afraid of like, You know, like coming in masculine environments as a gay man. Like, just terrified all the time. Afraid of the kind of sex I was having. I was, I was thinking about that. 'cause people have been talking about, like, I put like a foot in my mouth in the, in the first episode, man told people, You know, And I wanna, I also wanna set the record straight. He was Guatemalan. People say it is white toes. He was Guatemalan. Maybe that doesn't matter to some people, but it was like, I toes a toe. I've had some black feet in my mouth too. I, I I was afraid of the type of sex I was having. I thought it was dirty and, and so wrong.


And like, I, I I I, I used to get like HIV tests once a week because I, I thought I was like, I was having like dirty, forbidden, like God forbidden sex. And I was like, I, I viewed myself negatively. And, but as a gay man, isn't that normal? N no, no, that, that level of shame I'm talking about like getting the h hiv V test and things of that nature. Yeah. But, but listen, and I'll say this, but that's, that's also the, You know, actually a actual fact, more straight people get HIV now than gay men. Like, because straight people don't check on themselves as much as gay men. Gay men are up on sexual health because you have to be, and like, like, You know that that's a thing that was actually psychological. Yeah. That was me thinking that God was punishing me because something I was doing was so wrong.


And that is a horrible thing to live with. And people gay, straight, whatever, have a lot of sexual shame. They're afraid of things. So I was doing things like on camera to liberate myself. Like, it was important for me to like eradicate that shame. Like, oh, I put a foot in my, I put a foot in my mouth for y'all. A lot of people don't think you're really gay though. And they think that you just put the foot in your mouth to kind of prove that you gay. And they were like, if you was really gay, you'd suck the dick on camera. All, I mean, You know, OnlyFans coming soon I guess. I don't know. Yeah. Like, You know, there's a lot of silly things. There are people who get that news from Twitter. They're crazy. Where did you meet your boyfriend from? What, what did y'all meet? How did you meet? We met through a mutual friend. We met years ago in LA and then, and, and we started dating.


It's been a year and a half now. Yeah. It was a scene where you was I'm sorry, go ahead Joe. The thing with Tyler when you speak. Yeah. Yeah. Was that Jess? How you doing? I'm good. How you been? I'm good. Good. I love, Hey, can I say I'm so proud of you And I, I, I don't mean that in a condescending way. 'cause people sometimes use pride. Like, like I'm proud of you. Like I'm above you. I, I'm so proud of you. Thank you. I love you very, very much. Thank I'm You don't Try to disarm her. She's Joke I'm not Jess, can you tell, can you tell, Come to see me and listen. I don Showed up. I Showed up by, with camera in the green room like years and years ago when I first started doing comedy in South? No, no. When London kicked him out. 'cause she didn't know who he was. London didn't Know who he wasn't. He was, Hey, that's So Cool.


He was just like, okay, I'll leave. I'm like, no wait, this is Jerard Carmichael. She was like, okay. She Neighborhood. Yeah. My god. No. And I've been a fan of yours, like for, for a very long time. Worked on time. I gave Jess a a tv. You sure did. Series Lead. I saw, I saw that she was a star. Like, You know, like look at me trying to take credit for hell. And I, But it's okay. Oh no. That's dope. So you was the one who got her on row. Whatcha you talking about? I saw her on my sister's Instagram. It was like, she's a star. Dope. She's incredible. She's a star. I was like her. Like I was, I was up, I was in Dana Walden office in Fox. Like demanding. Demanding. They put you on the air 'cause you and rightfully so. Like, I don that's why I don Yeah, yeah.


Listen, give rel credit to whatever, You know, I, I'm like Lil Richard. I get overlooked for all types of shit. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. No, you're incredible. And I, I'm really, really happy for you. I Appreciate you. No, seriously. I, I I love you. I'm Fucking with that Har told And I was like, we need to get him up here so we can talk about him In the space. Yeah. I wanted to come to the new space and come when you were here. Yes. Yes. So I wanted to ask you about you and Tyler. 'cause y'all are actually really friends. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Was that like for fun or did you really, really have romantic feelings for Tyler? Yeah, I did. I was in turmoil over that for a year. And that's a hard thing to deal with. Of course it is. Like I, I've seen people online talk about as awkward as cringe. Yeah. Yeah. Having feelings for your best friend is very awkward. Very, very cringe.


I'm thankful that he did it because I've never seen a conversation like that played out on television or in any space. And I thought it was really, really important. I've never, like, I've never seen like a, a black man express feelings for another black man like that ever before. And I'm trying to make art that I wish I'd seen as a kid. Yeah. I'm trying to make things and, and put things out there that I needed. And so it was really important. I thought it was a really important conversation. I'm so thankful to Tyler for doing it because Yeah. Hard Did his response hurt you? Because when he said he called you a stupid bitch and y'all laughed, like he laughed about it. Did that really hurt your feelings or, yeah, it's just like, oh, because I listen, I'm getting called a stupid, I'm thinking y Stupid bitch. Yeah, but I, but that's your best friend Jess.


He called me And my best friend. Stupid bitch. I know, but I called my best friend a stupid bitch all the time. Yeah, no, I know. So I, I'm thinking that I was in my feeling, so I was really hurt. It was just like, okay, they best friends, they cool, but it really did hurt. Yeah. Did you see what he said at Coachella? Yeah, I was watching it. I stayed up late for that too. I made a sandwich. I was up at three in the morning. Like, so I thought it was funny how Your boyfriend feel about that. Like, you staying up late to watch Tyler. I was on FaceTime with him. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's all like, like, You know, he's emotionally evolved. I'm the one that's trying to catch up. Does Your boyfriend get, Get jealous at all? Yeah, there's jealousy for sure. Jealousy. I, I'm jealous of him. He goes to the gym like he be getting hit on and stuff. Like, it's like, yeah. I, I'm, it's a lot of jealousy. I'm learning to deal with that.


Like I'm, I'm, I'm trying to How does he deal with it? Ooh. I mean that's a question for him. I, I think is jealousy in We talk about it. That's the thing. You're more public. Yeah, I'm public. But, but that's something that we talk about that that, and that's kind of the point of the show. Like, all these things, these feelings that you don't talk about. Things that you could just harbor you could go to sleep at night, never saying like, we talk about these things. It's so important. What'd you think about Tyler's performance? I know Jess asked you that, but what, Tyler is an aesthetic genius. Sonically. He has chords that, I mean, I, i I think that's part of the reason we became friends because there's a certain sound that I think we both relate to.


He's, he's great. He's one of the, but Paul, he said, you trying to, I bet y'all saw my best friend try to fuck me on camera. Yeah. I thought it was funny. I was say, yeah. So that was funny. No, I love the performance. I the performance itself was great. Like, And I, I don't wanna be a distraction from his work. I, it, it is great. I'm thankful that he had the conversation And I, I think he's one of the few, like him Beyonce, like he one of the few live performers that deserve all the praise that they get. He's so incredible. What's your Relationship now? Y'all cool? After the, the conversations? Do Y'all still speak each? Yeah, because I mean, he's making jokes about it. We cool. Yeah. Yeah. He seemed like controller. Like controller. Yeah. Because I mean, we moved on. Like, I, I have, I, You know, I I've definitely moved on. It was a very, very tough moment in my life And I, I have nothing but gratitude for him for doing that on camera.


On camera as wild. Right. But it was hard off camera. That was a difficult thing to deal with off camera. Like, You know, the Whole year because that's your best friend. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I was, I was on music soulchild half crazy mode for a Year. Oh man. But why not reach out to him during that year? Like why did you He called me a stupid bitch. Charlamagne. Did you watch the show? He was There. He was like, hold up. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Thank you Justin. If that's your talk to friend, somebody you love and careful, what I was thinking of was like, well, why would he let a whole year go by? Why would either one of them let a whole year go? Well, It's very, so that's the thing. It's very easy for things to like, just fall back into the elephant in the room. Like, oh, okay, we're not gonna talk about it. We just go to breakfast. Like, I have that same relationship with my parents where it's like, oh, there are things that we don't really wanna talk about.


So we don't, and we engage in small talk. Okay. We, we talk about everything else. And, and, and that's what the show was. The show was an excuse to have a difficult conversation that I'd otherwise be afraid to have. How, How is his Family? Hold on one thing. When, when you was sitting there eating dinner with Tyler. Yeah. It felt like, And I know in TV time, I don't know how long it was, but it felt like there was just a long moment where y'all said nothing. Yeah. Y'all just ate He farts. Yeah. Lee says, I'll call you next week. How long was that whole Scene? I mean, it is, it was long. It was longer. It was longer than what you saw. There was no conversation. Yeah. I mean, that's how real life plays out sometimes, You know. And I, And I, I like the show because the show lives in silences. It lives in like moments.


Like there's a, a critic El Elvis Mitchell that like, called me and was like, I really love the, the silence of the, the show. I really love that. It kind of lives and it, there they, there are these moments where the show takes its time. Yeah. I was asking about your family, You know, how was it with your family seeing everything up close and personal? 'cause at one time you said it was difficult when you first came out to talk to your family. No, I, I haven't, I haven't seen it. You haven't Seen the JB I'm having sex streams about you and you didn't tell. I'm joking. I just wanna make you uncomfortable. Trying to make you uncomfortable. I know, I know. You was super straight seen With your family, but now it's, I don't care. He, he, he first me all day long. Yeah. Yeah. No, I do that. Yes You do. And I know you're super straight. You're super straight. You got the chain off.


Like, just like you gotta, anybody that says they super Straight is a little crooky problem. Okay. I didn't mean to start, I didn't mean to re I'm didn't wanna Reignite Char Grab my like, anyway. Whoa. That's not true. You never, Y'all got me like camera on now. Like Paul Grabbed Your mind. So I was asking. So, so how is that your family seeing everything? My dad's super nervous. His episode, his episode's coming up this week and You know, like he be calling me like pretending he just checking on me. Yeah. You know, but he really wants to know about it. It, it's a wild thing. Like, just imagine me and from where I'm from, You know, your son's on HBO every week dealing with personal family things.


That's insane. That's insane. So I, I respect my family for dealing with these things on camera. They know that that's my way. And, and yeah, he's a little nervous. My, my mom is an evangelist, so she feels as, as long as she gets the word of God out there. Like she's, she's All Good. She's all good. Yeah. Yeah. My mom's one of the few people in The World who is exactly who she says she is. Mm. And that's caused some tension in our life. But I also totally respect her. Yeah. How Did your mom, or how do you think black women in general will feel about you referring to your mother as a bitch? Oh man, that's been, oh, the family been, oh boy. The family been having, they got a group chat without me. They should talking about that.


That was Wild rod. You know, it, it's funny that, that I, I actually didn't consider that like, when I said it, and, and maybe that's me being inconsiderate and maybe there is some like, latent hurt that is coming out. When I, when I say that, I actually wasn't saying that I love my mother. I, I have a deep respect for my mother And I, I only said it, I say it kind of casually kind of gay, like just on stage in a public thing. Said like, he's not your mom. I say it just nonchalantly. I just like, I call people bitches and niggas all the time. Like, that's like, mom, Not your mother. I, You know, listen, you Can call your dad a nigga. You can even call that a bitch. But your mom can't Go get mad at Tyler for a year. 'cause he says, stupid bitch. Exactly. Well, it wasn't ca it was the dismissal of the emotion.


It Yeah, yeah. No, no. It it wasn't just that. It was that that was all he said. Gotcha. But no, with my mom, no. That's something that we talked about. I would rather focus on the emotion behind it. It's like it's easy to get hung up on it. I actually get really


the Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, You know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a caller season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes, everything.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You wake up, put on your ray bin meta glasses, classic style, innovative tech. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pic of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, Raybin meta glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying presents to The World around you. Shop RayBan meta glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Really angry with my family when they start talking about like, You know, I, my dad called, he's like, I I don't like that you call your mom a a bitch. I'm like, that's the worst thing we've done to my mother. Like, I think, I think as a family, we've done worse. You know? And, And I, I think that it's easy sometimes that surface level conversation is all people have access to is the thing that people want to talk about because it's easy, but like, just don't say that word. It's like, Hey, what's behind that word? Why do you think I'm saying it? Do, do you see the hurt in my eyes? Do you hear it in my voice? Like, I'm hurt and I'm revealing a a lot in this show. And the family can't talk about that sometimes. Yeah. So they just focus on the very easy thing. So More so why did you call her a bitch? Other Than, or why am I hurt?


Yeah. Why? Yeah, why, Why, why? What's the cause of the hurt? Like, You know, like, I, I feel rejected by my creator. That's a difficult thing to live with. Like, You know, I'm not the only person that's living with like, some issues with their parents, with their mom, or just you don't see eye to eye and it makes you feel bad about yourself. That's how I feel. And that's a really, really hard thing to live with. And, and I'm trying to make art and trying to make sense of all of it, but it's really tough. What Would you say to people who would say, your mom is homophobic, but when I look at it, I say no, she's very religious, so I think she's looking at it through the religions of religion. Yeah. Yeah. And, And I, I think that, I think at some point you have to think about how you got to the place that you are.


I I had a really good conversation with my mom about even her finding religion and needing religion about the hurt, the, the disappointment in her life from her dad and from other people in her life that led her to needing God as much as she does and depending on God as much as she does. And we were having a really, really good conversation that my dad woke up and interrupted. It was just like, wow. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, like, it, it, it, you have to explore your life. You gotta explore the reasons why, because you can hurt people. Like, I know like, people call it faith, whatever, but they're human beings. And like, your opinion, my mother's opinion of me matters so much. Absolutely.


I I also wondered when you was, it was a scene where you was, it looked like you was literally sitting in the closet. I'm not trying to be funny. Probably was. And you were saying how you felt spiritually unclean. Yeah. You said you felt like a black buck and a cup. Yeah. Yeah. I wondered what your mother thought about that, especially the spiritually unclean part. Yeah. You know, my mom said, she said a a funny thing 'cause she saw the hookups and, and like how much I talk about sex in the show. And she, she was like the, the one thing she did say about the show, she was like, I just want you to know that your body is a temple Jira. You know? And I got mad, I got offended by that. 'cause I was like, I see the groceries you buy, you be eating beanie weenies. You know what beanie weenies are?


Ies hot dogs, little hot dogs cut up in pork and beans. I was like, you invite, you invite Beanie Weenies into your temple. Don't criticize my tenfold. Was that a Penis reference or that was actually, no, No, no. That's actual food. That's a actual, maybe I'm from the south. That's like a, it's a snack, but, but, but my mom Yeah. Yeah man. We don't even have time. That's like a whole special with No, Go ahead. So why, I guess my thing too is why keep living like that if you felt like you said you felt like a black buck in a cuck. That's some strong lane. Well, a lot of the show is me trying to figure out like, working through those things. Like working through the shame that I have, working through a lot of the problems that, that I have in my life. Yeah. It's, it's a feeling. I express my feelings and I'm expressing 'em on camera for The World to dissect for, You know, people to kind of therapize.


But I, I, it was a feeling I was having in that moment And I was conflicted about it. Isn't that a racial component? If you're saying you feel like a black buck, then there's a part of you that has to be like, why do I keep hooking up with All these white men? Yeah, but I mean that, I've been reading a lot and so that was just like, yeah, there, there there's all types of components. There's a, a, a sex addiction component to it. Just like, why, why do I need sex to heal? Why do, why do I turn to that to like, feel better about myself? Like a a lot of it's unhealthy. Like I, I definitely exhibit a lot of unhealthy behavior in the show, But I think it also, he's not the only one who's feeling that way, obviously.


So you're saying like, people therapize, I mean, people can like get some type of therapy from your show because you, you, you're not the only person that has these conflicted feelings. I have friends who have talked to me about the same thing that you're, that you, You know, are, that you're putting out there on the show, that you're actually going through this and on the camera, on camera and shit. Yeah. You know, so I, I, it actually, it brings, I don't know, like, some type of like, awareness to Oh damn, no, I'm not the only person feeling like this. Yeah. And you're a good friend. 'cause I I I, I I hope that they bring it to you because they know that you're a safe place and that you won't make them feel shamed Yeah. For anything that they're feeling. That's the difficult thing. It's hard. I mean, listen, I'm, I'm out here, I'll be getting crucified every week.


But it's, it's, it's hard to reveal things about yourself 'cause you're afraid. You're afraid people are gonna throw stones. I've definitely been afraid. I feel like a turtle without a show. I mean, I think it's good because you, you are opening yourself up to people that might be going through the same problems that you're going through and too scared to share or too scared to Talk. Yeah. I was too scared. I, I lived most of my life terrified. Terrified to reveal anything about myself. Like, just trying to, just living behind a mask. It, it's so unhealthy. And I, I was really hurting myself and, and I'm putting myself out there so that people can feel and see that it's okay. And That's why I was so shocked. I was like, wow. He, he, I felt like I'm watching something that I'm not supposed to know about him. Yeah.


I'm feeling like, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Like, so just to be that vulnerable Yeah. On a show. What made you wanna do it now? Like, Well, because a, after I came out, I realized that there are other things I needed to come out about. I, I, I think everybody's in the closet about something. And I was in a closet. It was more than just being gay. It was about of feelings that I have. I was in a closet about, You know, sex addiction or how I am as a friend or all these things. Like, just like I was a closeted person. I was holding everything inside and the show was an outlet for me. I'm an artist And I use art as a means of expression and as a means to heal.


And so I, I, the show just felt like a natural. I, I was doing all these shows. I was doing standup and standup started being kind of a form of therapy. It was like a free associate of therapy that I would just go up And I would talk about a problem that I have a deep personal problem that I have. And the response from the audience started being better. That's what I mean. Like, people come to the shows, they're like, like I, the heckles that I get as a comedian are so thoughtful. Like no comedian gets like the thought, like people turn into therapists in the, in the, Those real your audience. Yeah. I, I, I'm not, I, I watched that yesterday And I was like, those heckles aren't real. That's part of the, The audience is No, no. Like people are smart. I, I believe that. I I believe that. Like, Twitter isn't just the, that's not what The World is.


Like I haven't Been on there in eight years. I hate It. Yeah. Listen, sometimes I search your name to make me feel better about myself. No, that's fine. What they saying about Charlamagne? I there, I hate it. I don't go over there at all. No, but, but I like, no, all my, my, the heckles that I get are thoughtful responses because you open yourself up and people open themselves up. Like, like they, they respond in kind. And, and so I, I'm glad you're a good friend to your friends who are expressing themselves to you. Definitely. And I was gonna say, how did You deal with the sex ion sex addiction? I'm still, I'm, I'm Still fucking, He's dealing with it. Still. He is trying to figure it out. Alright, I'm getting my candle. I'll get outta Here.


But no, On the show it shows you, you just be on Grinder. Before your boyfriend. You was on Grindr just getting It in. Yeah, because that was old. That was, that had to be before your boyfriend, right? Yeah, before my boyfriend and, You know, but yeah, sex, sex Is better Be, sex is Something else, man. You gotta keep watching the show. Okay. You gotta watch. Do you get all the episodes? Yes. Three. I'm, I'm waiting on the one with you. Can You send a link? Can you send it a link with all the episodes? Because I want you to see all of it. Oh, I didn't, You had a good explanation though, you said because you waited so long to come out. Yeah. So now you feel like a 17-year-old did Yeah. Yeah. Having, Having making up, up, making up for lost time. Like, just like, yeah. There, there, there like my emotional maturity level was a bit delayed.


That's, it's a little embarrassing to admit, but true. But even that, I, I, I do think there are certain aspects of my personality that I inherit from my father. I've been reading about that a lot. Just like being, You know, you, you learn how to be a man from your dad. And, And I, I learned he mad. He gonna get mad 'cause he gonna watch this kid like, oh, he's throwing me under the bus. But you, it is just true. Like, it's something you learn in therapy that like, I hope this is how you model yourself as a man. Mm. And and, and so yeah, I look to sex as a, as a form of validation for my manhood. Like to make me feel like a man. Yeah, Yeah. No, no. What you're saying is absolutely true.


And I've said that numerous times too. But I guess for me, I'm with, I'm with women. Yeah. Also to do that with other men. You got a daddy from North Carolina. I got a daddy from South Carolina. He's not looking at you like more of a man. 'cause you sleeping with a bunch of guys. Yeah. Well, here's the thing. I mean, listen, the difference between me and my dad is that I don't leave a trail of children. You know what I mean? Like, I'm thankful for that, thank God. Because if I was straight, I'd have 17 kids. Right. Like, that's the only difference, like, yeah. Yeah. Thank God for that. There Is a part in the show where your friend with wears the mask. Yeah. One of the most honest moments I've seen on the show thus far as when he says to you, this isn't honesty.


Yeah. You got all these cameras because that's what it feels like. It feels like it's a curated, to me it feels like it's a curated exhibition of your sexual exploits. Yeah. There's, I don't see the, I don't see the, the truth that you're trying to reveal yet. Look, What, look, my job is to remain truthful through all of it and to be truthful on camera and to like, just be like myself. I stay out of the editing room. And there's some truth to that, that, yeah, this is definitely something that's truncated to 30 minute episodes for people to consume and enjoy. But I'm truthful in it. I, that's what's important to me. That I'm truthful and I'm really going through these things. Like none of that's made up. None of that's for the show. None of that's for the camera. Like, these things I'm really going through real problems in my life.


What, what is this show doing for you at that therapy camp? I've been using it as a form of therapy because therapy is exploring yourself and exploring your past, but it's not necessarily confrontation. I still needed a, a tool to be confident enough to have a conversation with my dad that I'd be terrified of having otherwise. Like, You know, if I'm home in North Carolina, I'm just like, You know, smiling, being a good son. Yeah. Being the son that they want me to be. And I'm not ha saying the real things, asking the real questions when the camera's on. I become like a journalist for my own life. Like, no, no, no. What's that shit you said 98. Yeah. You know, I get real, real like, yeah, okay.


But, but, but without the cameras, I'm afraid. You think fa if y'all did family therapy, you think you would be still afraid? Like, Yeah, I want to get my family to, I I, well I think individual is really important. 'cause you need to work on yourself and you bring that to your life. You bring that to the people in your life. I, I think that's really, really important. And it, and it's funny because therapy's one of those things. I know you talk about it a lot and it's easy. Like, I don't want people to get a negative. Like I, I know like some of the ISTs would be like, ah, everybody's always talking about therapy. But those are people that need therapy the most. Be honest with you're, but like, it's an excuse to talk about yourself. That's all it is. It's just an excuse to explore things in your life that you wouldn't normally explore. Things that you, and those things manifest as health problems that manifest in, in ways that you wouldn't imagine They manifest as problems in your relationship, problems with raising your kids.


Like these things are real. They, they'll come out. It doesn't just stay bottled in, it harms your body. It harms your spirit. So it's worth talking about. And I, I want my family to do it. I think that it would be beneficial to all of us, but I'm doing it. That's really, really important that I'm doing it. I'm, I'm working on myself constantly. You do show how much of a shitty friend you are too. Yeah. No, no. When you did Pool was foul. I know, I know. Can I tell you, you Can't show, you can't be a best man in a wedding and show up a hour late Yeah. To the wedding. It's not your wedding. And Then compare it to jury duty. Why? You know, look, I, I, Wedding weddings are hard 'cause I'm a performer, and so I look at weddings as a show. Like, all right, what is the show that we're going to like?


But, but I, I, I love p and You know, I actually got a ahead. We've been talking a lot. I, I, I, I hope that he liked the episode. Like he's a, a very sweet, thoughtful friend and inspired me so much. And so I, I, I know I was a bad friend. Again, it's hard expo like the show. I'm like the villain in my own show. I'm Eric Kane on my own show. Like, I'm like, people are like, because I'm expo I'm exposing myself in, in a real way. Like the, like some of the worst parts of myself I'm putting out there unedited. Just like letting it, letting The World see and judge and criticize. But I, I feel bad for that. Like, I felt bad in the episode. I was, it's something I'm deeply apologetic for. I'm learning, I'm still growing.


I'm learning to not be as selfish. Sure. That's a means of self-protection. Like, I'm selfish 'cause I'm scared and I'm learning to not be as afraid. What about with Ja, how are things with Ja? Jess is good. Isn't she a good actress? Was she acting for real? She Crying on command. She's so good. So that wasn't her not crying on command. Yeah, she is really, She's good. Okay. She's good. Listen, listen. If I may say something myself, I got a good eye, You know, You Know. No, you do. You're the lead Jes. But You know, there is another Jess that's out there. That's pretty good. Another Thing you say on the show is being honest is cool until you have a reason to lie. Yeah. Expound on that. Well, because it's like, I, I was living alone And I was the most honest that I had ever been.


I was just like, I had, no one could ever, no one was going home with me. So there was no, there was no reason to like lie, to protect. But then I got into a relationship. I, I finally, I mean, it took me a long time. It took me 35 years to find someone that I love deeply. To be in a loving relationship. I'm so proud of it. I love 'em very much. And out of that love, sometimes I can fall into traps where I'm lying about myself. 'cause I wanna protect the relationship. It's a, it's a, a habit. It's a, a real masculine habit. Oh, I'm lying, but I'm, I'm the protector. I'm like, I'm, I'm lying for a good reason. You kind of justify it. And, and some, some, like lies of omission are, they're still lies.


Like, but I, when I have someone that I care about, somebody that I love, it's easy to slip into that old habit of, of, of lying. Because I want, I want him to feel good about me. I, I, I, his image of me is really, really important to me. And you say it's hard to tell the truth to people you love. Yeah. Do you not feel that way? Do you not feel that way sometimes? Like, yeah. 'cause the consequences are so high, high. It's gonna hurt him. The stakes, the stakes are so high. I say that to my mom. I'm like, like sometimes I talk to my mom. I'm like, Hey, be careful what you say to me. 'cause I'll remember it for the rest of my life. Every word that she says it, it's so Piercing. Yeah. Yeah. But some things I feel like need to be said. Yeah. Yeah.


Some things. Yeah, some things. But You know, it, it, it takes, look, you wanna say the truth with love and care, You know, but you, the truth needs to come out. You don't wanna hold onto anything. And sometimes lashing out isn't truthful. Sometimes lashing out is just you Emotion. Yeah. It's, you're being emotional about not saying the truth. Like you're actually doing the opposite of Absolutely. Is Gerd, is Gerard Carmichael an industry plant? Yeah. What, what was that? Who, who said that? What, what we got? We got Was that like a Corey Holcomb thing or something? I don know. Who was Corey? Chad. Oh man. I wish Corey would focus that energy on a special Corey is so funny.


Something. Corey, Corey, Corey is so funny. I was like, laughed so hard at Corey just when I was a young comic. Like, just watching him. And it's like, man, you got like, don't that get old. Your, all his audience has to be tired. Tired. Yeah. Yeah. It is just like, Jesus crazy. I Mean, funny. It's funny. I, But, but, but are You, am I an industry plant? Industry plant? Well, I mean, listen, I, I wi I wish the Illuminati was real. I wish that I could be a plant. I had fucking sign up in a heartbeat. No, I actually, unfortunately, I had to work hard to get where I am. I had to like, like think and expose. I'm exposing so much of my life that that's the thing. Like sometimes you get these criticism from people who've made nothing. And I'm like, I, You know, that's what's offensive to me.


It's like, no focus on your own work. I've worked very, very hard to get where I am. And, but yeah. If, if I could have sucked a dick to get to the top, I would've sucked it. Well, that's why they don't want Yeah. Yeah. Because you want to Do it. Nah, I'm joking. I'm saying that, I'm saying that as a joke. Im saying it as a joke. Like, like, like, like I, I saw because Rel was defending you on club Shakespeare. You know, You know the funny thing too, I, You know, I also like, if, if I may, now I'm sound like a rapper, but like, like a lot of these comedians who like criticized me is like, no, no, no. Like before I came out, coming out was the hardest thing I ever did in my life. I was like afraid. I also, I had multiple specials. I had a sitcom on NBC that ran for three, three seasons. I had, I was sitcom, I was getting other people's shows.


Like I was, I was more successful than them straight. So then to pretend that like, oh, like he came out like, that's silly. That's silly. I don't even entertain that. It feels like you've been trying to come out like the past three H field things You did though, because there was the other, it was another reality show that was kind of before even. Oh, like the, the, well, well, I did documentaries about my life. Yeah, yeah. That was you. Soft, soft launch. Soft launch. Remember you saying, yeah. Yeah. People were just like, kind of dismissed it. But Whatever reason in the standup. Well, that's when I was being truthful. I've said like, it was, it, it was truthful. I said it 10 toes down. Like, this is who I am. And it is a hard thing. It is scary. Revealing something about yourself is really, really scary.


And that's, that's the thing, like with criticisms, I'm like, listen, look at yourself. Look at your own art. If you are to criticize me, please make sure you're making art that you care about more than a podcast, more than any of these things. Make sure you're making a tangible thing that people care about before you start attacking me. I don't think being gay on TV is as shocking as it once was. If shocking in my personal life, that's all I care. Like the, the, the art that I make is about the difficulty that I had. I had to tell my mother that and, and that was hard. Like, yeah. Like sure. Like, yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe the landscape has changed. I'm thankful for any gay person that came out before that made it a little bit easier for me. But it was still a very difficult thing to reveal about my life.


And there, You know, that, that's, that's not easy. It wasn't easy. I, I can tell you ready to go back. I want to ask, 'cause you just mentioned something, you said that you had all of this great stuff going on before you came out. Yeah. So do you feel like coming out as gay is taking away the focus on, on everything you've done in your career? No, Not at all. Car Michael show still exists. Stream it on Hulu. What's my man? But what happens when I, You Mac Mac was out there. When I Google you, what's gonna come up to the same way you said if you Googled Dave, it's all transgender stuff. If I Google, That's things I'll talk about. Watch the show. I hope people watch the show. Like if you, if you see the show, you'll see the truth. Okay. You know, I'm, I'm confident in that. Like, You know, I, I think this like up top I was just upset because something untrue was said.


I say enough things, enough true things to talk about. Like, so I don't need any lies. Like, like I, I don't need any of that. But yeah, I, I, I'm, I'm making art about my life and, and I'm really proud of it. I hope people watch the show that that's the important thing. I sent you all the episodes. Please send it to Justin. Please watch it. An episode of the show. Dammit. They Send it to me. I I'm, I'm sitting there online looking at clips, looking at standups that you've done. 'cause I they didn't say he Ats Yeah, clip know each other. We've met before. Sorry, like Got you in the shower. You think About me in the shower, but I Couldn't clip. I thinks you in the shower. I couldn't, They didn't send me anything. He wanted you all to himself.


I Watch he comes on, I mean, after Bill Ma, I mean I, I like Dro, but it also comes on after Bill Maher, which is a great leadin. Yeah. So I'm watching, I'm already watching TV on. Good. Good. I think the show's funny. He is. Yeah. And Charlamagne called you. What Kind of funny. Haha Funny. Y'all like, Man, y'all so straight. Y'all are so straight. So straight. Is this haha funny? Is this Paul's funny? Like, Jesus, Craig, you're so straight. Congratulations. Oh my God. Does Everybody clap for the Straight man? Oh my God. Jesus. Call Michael, ladies and gentlemen brought You a candle. Yes he did.


Thank y'all very much. I can check out the reality show Fridays on HBO Max. Thank you brother for Joining us. Thanks for having me. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake that as up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and Visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bows personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.