
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Audi Y'all this weekend get an all access has passed to Apple TV plus no time like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning Show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it stream for free this weekend. App Life de required.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursdays on a b, C, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover, mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. New episodes of Extreme Makeover Home edition. Thursdays at eight seven Central on a, B, c, and Stream. Next day on Hulu.


Wake that ass up early in The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along la Filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. That right ladies and gentlemen, she's back. Ms. Teslin Figueroa, welcome back. Hello. Hello, hello, hello. Family Feeling. What's happen Tes? What's happening Charlemagne? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Lauren. How you feeling this Morning? I'm feeling good. I am. I'm really feeling good. It's good to be back, back with family. Chop it up with y'all. Drop some dimes. Name some names. Okay. Yeah. Here to get rid of. Well, we dropping dimes on T, We dropping dimes on everybody from top to bottom. Well, let's start right up with the presidential Presidential election. Why did VP Harris lose?


Oh man, I should have brought my whiteboard. That many. Yeah, that many reasons. It's that many. Yeah. And, and the reason why this is important, And I literally have my stuff in order because a lot of people envy said, you know, she lost because of this reason or she lost because of that. And it's really, in the Midwest, a tornado requires water, humidity, wind, you know, multiple things. It's not one reason. Yeah, it's not one reason. Yeah. And when I hear people saying, you know, oh, if he just did better with the messaging, oh, if they did better with the media, I've really kind of put together a list of flowchart on how basically a colossal fuck up from top to bottom. So you're doing an autopsy? Yeah, we're doing an autopsy. We're doing a full autopsy. So if we just really take it from the top, as we all said, Joe Biden should have never ran.


We have to first, you know, start there. Shouldn't have never ran. He said he was a onetime, I was gonna be a one term president. We talked about it multiple times. He actually volunteered that lie to say, Hey, I'm only gonna run one term. I'm coming in just to stop Trump. Immediately. Then they should have started building a base immediately right out the gate. Trump was still campaigning this entire time. We talked about it. We talked about how it was constant rallies, constant organizing. You And I talked about it on the Van Jones Show. We're saying you guys really have to continue the organizing year round. And that's why I blame a lot of the people at the top who have the ear of the, you know, of the candidates and campaign consultants because they've been told this multiple, multiple times. So we should have found a white man right then and there who was gonna be next in line to build a beach.


A white man, A white man, young White man. Absolutely young white man right then and there. And it's not Governor Newsome by the way. A lot of people keep saying that Governor Newso will get swamped. The So from the door. You didn't think Kamala was gonna win you, You no. Right out the gate. No, no, no. Of Course she's a black woman or, yeah, Absolutely. So that, that's number three. So let's first get that. So they should established a bitch and didn't do that. Governor Newsom, I just wanna put that out there. A lot of people like him. Great debater. He would've got swamped. You have to remember he literally passed the bill K through 12 to have shared bathrooms with gender. So imagine what conservatives would've deal with that all over the nation. The homelessness and all of that. So then yes, number three, America was not going to vote for a woman of color, period. And no, in the history of black woman and white women, allyship, alleged allyship.


I have never known a white woman to give a job to a woman of color before they got it. That includes even McDonald's on fries. Just not gonna happen. Have you ever, if a white woman ever said, you know what? I think you're more qualified, you can go ahead and take it. They didn't give it to Hillary Clinton. They were not gonna give it to her. I know there was hope. I know you talked about, you know, believing us. But it was never about us believing in us. It was about us knowing them. It's not about being qualified. This was when it came down to saying they didn't give it to Hillary Clinton. Why would they give it to Harris? So that was to me a era right out the gate. But we had no choice because Biden, yeah, I think, I think Kamala as a black woman is the only re, well, first of all, two things, the last two elections, the Democratic party need to be thinking black women.


Right? Because if it wasn't for Jim Clyburn telling Joe Biden, Hey, I'm not endorsing you unless you promise that you're gonna put a black woman on the Supreme Court, I'm not endorsing you. So that's what made him endorse Joe Biden. He went, South Carolina changes the complexion of his campaign. If it wasn't for Kamala Harris in 2020, I think a lot of us wouldn't have went out there and voted for President Biden. I didn't vote for President Biden, I voted for Vice President Kamala Harris. I also think in 2024, when you look at the fact that Joe Biden's presidency was dead, like completely dead in the water and Kamala Harris came the top of the ticket, raised all of this money, ended up having the second most votes of any Democratic nominee ever with 74 million votes. I think that only happens because she's a black woman. Well, two things can be true at the same time.


There can be some positives that came with that. But there also can be some negatives where we look at the data, we don't have to guess. We looked at where white women aligned. We looked at where the Latino community aligned. We looked at the bottom line data that shows Latino Women, Latino men was That was a surprise though. Yeah. Why was it a surprise? You don't think so? No, no. Absolutely. The Democrats, Latinos have always, they did that before, right? 50 50. They've always, when you look at, when you know, I organized for the Bernie Sanders campaign in Michigan. I was the only black woman on the ground in 2015 that helped lift that state. Latino community has always been divided. When you look at Florida and you look at the Cuban community, they've always went conservative. When you look at the, the Bernie Sanders, the left side, the California, they always go left. They have always strategic. And I, I ain't mad about it. They've always strategically been able to have leverage because they go 50 50.


You remember when Joe Biden told black leaders when he won it right after He said He was Yeah, yeah. Right after he said, I owe you black people, remember when they had the meeting and they leaked the tapes in front of the, the Al Sharpton and all them and say, y'all need to go follow the Latino community because they're the ones that have the leverage. So I'm not mad at it, but we need to talk about it for what it is. There might be a black and brown coalition in New York, you know, I've talked about that all the time. That changed too. But when you talk about the south, that changed too. Yeah. They're, they're moving over. Yeah. When you talk about the south, when you talk about the Midwest, and particularly when you talk about the West, there is no black brown coalition. And it's okay for people to vote. Their interests also got news for you. Black men are conservative doing my Joe Biden whisper. That's right. Black people are conservative. I don't know why people wanna keep, you know, making that not an issue.


So when you're talking about black men and you're talking about other black, black people in the majority of the country in the south, majority are moderate. I know progressives wanna sell a different story, but black people for the most part are moderate. And a lot of them lean conservative. We're gonna get into that when we get into the messaging. But let's just kind of go back a little bit. I, I agree that there was some positives to it, but when it came down to it, when we looked at race white women to me, just like they did in the midterm, just like they did when they were with Obama, then they went with Trump and then they went back to Democrats in the midterms and then they flipped back. When you're talking about white supremacy and talking about positioning, like what they did with the women's suffrage movement, I just doesn't see them doing it for a black woman over them. They didn't do it with Hillary Clinton. The only person that ever beat Donald Donald Trump is Joe Biden.


And I agree he Was dead, but, but, but 52% of white women voted for Clinton. 55% voted for Biden. So then white women been showing out white women, white women haven't shown up the last three elections. Well, But they, but they were also comfortable with Joe Biden. Let's remember Joe Biden is one of them. Let's go back to why no 55% of white women voted for Trump over Biden, Right, to align with white supremacy to align, because this is about white supremacy. This is about would they rather have their household ahead of you as as a, as a black man or Well they vote with their husbands. That's exactly it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And nothing's wrong. And people need to stop these pundits get 'em another, they went against their own entry. No, their interest is their household. Your interest is your interest. My interest is my interest. When I keep hearing people say that they went against their own interest. No, they actually aligned with their interest, which is white man, white woman, black man, black woman.


That's the order. That's how it is. Black people are the side check bottom line. We need to just accept that. I know we wanna say black girl magic. No, we wanna say, oh 'cause black dis and that black women can't save this country and we need to stop selling that dream. Let's get in position and understand what we can do. Which is why I was talking about the local and state level and stop trying to sell this timeshare scam. 'cause to me it was a timeshare scam. I agree with you that there was really no other choice. 'cause Joe Biden was trash. We get that. He was trash. So once they said, okay, let's rally around Harris, now she's a Democrat nominee. Okay, so cool. We with that, black women raised $30 million out the gate. Black men raised 30 million out the gate. So now we're having to deal with who dropped this bag? Who dropped this billion dollar bag. And that that's the issue where we get into how they spent the money. I didn't think she had a chance in hell.


But once you decided to move forward, okay, so what do we do with the money? Black voters, they lost black voters across the board. That one, 2% across the board makes a difference. When you're talking about Michigan makes a difference in North Carolina. So that's where we get into your concern when you talk about messaging, where the messaging was all wrong. Now I wanna ask about, about the money. Is it normal for candidates to give so much money to quote unquote entertainment when you're seeing that they paid this person to speak and this person to have that back, is that normal when it comes to politics? Who did they pay to speak though? Well, Allegedly. We'll say. Allegedly. Yeah. They Didn't pay people to speak. Yeah, they Paid to speak. But the money that it took to get the setup, the advanced team That's right. The entertainment. So, so let's go back a little bit.


A hundred days was impossible even for a white man in my opinion. I just wanna go back to a hundred days. Running a campaign was damn near impossible for anybody and particularly a woman of color. So now we're in this a hundred day thing. In order to get people to come out, we do use entertainers And I push back on people say don't use entertainers. It's important. Killer. Mike talks about it all the time. We need entertainers to mobilize. When you're trying to get that stand field of 20, 30,000 people, you got three days to do it. That's right. We actually need our entertainers. The problem though, envy, is the entertainers not necessarily being aligned with organizers on how to use their voice throughout the year. I would love to see plys like work with an organizer throughout the year, not just election season, so that we can continue to have this conversation.


So I don't wanna shit on entertainers, we need them. But when you have a hundred days and you're spending more on entertainment setups and not on the ground and you have organizations like Until Freedom, Tamika Mallard, they got, And I, and again, we can look at the numbers. The numbers are available online guys. So this ain't making it up. When you're giving organizations like that $150,000 and telling them, we'll make it do what it do, that's a problem. No war is won by just the Air Force. I'm an Air Force veteran. You need the Air Force. Yes, you need the, the big entertainers, you need the media, you need the podcast. That's the air. But you also need the ground. You need Marines and you need the army. And they bottom line took black voters for granted, like we've been talking about for years. They figured, well, you know, she's black so that'll be fine. They literally shitted on organizations.


Hundred year organizations got $75,000, a hundred thousand dollars, a hundred black men. I believe they got like 75,000, a hundred thousand dollars. So what is that saying on how you're trying to organize, you know, with black men. So that's an issue when we talk about this billion dollar bag and not just because of now envy, but also the infrastructure that we're trying to build. So midterms are in March and I'm independent, so I'm just giving, you know what it looks like to build this house. You need this money flowing year round they're trying to build now. So your opponent is over here building a house with adding on swimming pools, adding on garages, adding all this, and then they come give the money two, three weeks before the election is over. Before the election, black organizations did not get money until three weeks before.


Literally they told the churches what they can do with that. Yeah. Nothing they can do with it. And then saying, well here, go $200,000, make it do what to do. And what I found this time is the gatekeepers got gate kept because the streets was never getting the money. So when they were calling me dropping Downes and we only got this And I got that last time we got a lot of money. I said, I'm here to tell you, the streets never got any of it. But now as the gatekeepers got GA Gate kept for the first time, Derrick Johnson literally calling out the campaign in an article saying, you guys are not spending money with black media. You're not spending money on the ground. We are literally starving. Most of these organizations had to use this money on their own. And that makes a difference when you're talking about getting out the vote. But Trump didn't, Trump didn't use his money as much for entertainers, did he? Right? No he didn't at all. Well he doesn't have to.


He had a lot of earned media. Yeah, he had a lot of earned media also. Trump has been organizing and he's never stopped for 10 years. For 10 years. Almost 10 years. Yeah. Nonstop. When you have a rally every month when you're engaging people, every month when he's using social media, when he's using truth, he said, okay Twitter, you don't wanna work with me. Cool. I just, I'll just go start my own. He has a nonstop organizing machine that Democrats just don't do. They don't develop those relationships. They come in, okay, we got six months, let's make it do what to do. So this is the result. And so people can say, well that's just 10%, that's just 1%. But when you add up those numbers across the board, it makes a difference. And I also wanna say this black conservatives, I'm miss I, I want us to have more leverage. I also want us to have more positioning within the Republican party.


If you're gonna move over to the Republican side, where is our leadership? You know, when it comes to that. Can She run again? Can Kamala Harris run again? Let, Let, let's Taz get through our points before you go move on to the next thing. I have a question because it's about what you're talking about. So you saw Candace Owens going back and forth with Miss Tina knows about Beyonce and Beyonce being involved in the, in the rally in Houston, to the point that Candace was making is kind of what you're saying. Do you think that, how do you utilize a major celebrity like a Beyonce? 'cause she's not gonna be on the ground and and what should Kamala Harris's campaign have done better utilizing a big celebrity of that nature? Because she's getting, I think she did well Dragged For because they're saying it looks unauthentic and Candace Owens is saying it looks unauthentic and this is why you didn't win.


But Beyonce's not gonna be outside. Like, you get what I'm saying? So how do utilize You Just say the true to like they filled the stadium in Houston, right? Because of Beyonce. Yeah. You have to fill the stadium and, and I'm a organizer first before I'm a pundit. So when we use people like that to tell me who had never knocked on no Doors, I kind of discredit what they're saying. She has to find talking points to talk about her opponent. Period. Point blank. When it comes to Candace Owens, I use Killer Mike as an example. You know our brother, killer Mike, he's an organizer first. He's always been an organizer before. He was a rapper before was any other thing. He's an organizer. So when you go to Atlanta, Georgia, and you don't call Killer Mike agree to take you to the same spots that they took the same Chick-fil-A that they took Trump to the same, the west side of Atlanta had zero signs on the ground.


When you don't utilize a killer Mike that got barbershops all throughout Atlanta and you, and he's literally made himself available. You could Have been sitting in Bankhead seafood, right, by the way, and to Ted's point, killer Mike did make himself available. He made himself a bank. I noticed This for a fact. This is a fact. And you shit on that. And you think that's not important. When an organizer who literally has him and Tip has literally put mayors in office that's telling me how you feel about your black outreach. Oh, they'll just do it because she's black. Well, I got news for you. The black vote went the opposite direction. It went the opposite direction because people are getting tired of being taken advantage of. They're being tired of not having this conversation year round. Charlemagne. And, and so when you guys did, I'm just gonna go ahead and say it, when you did the thing in Michigan Town Hall.


Yeah. Zeke, new era of Detroit sitting right there in the thing. That's right. I asked him, Hey, campaign ever reached out to you? Immediate laughing. He said, no, ain't said nothing to me. You can't organize in Detroit and not think you need to talk to a Zeke or new era of Detroit. That man not only is organized in Detroit all over the country. So when you think that people are just going to do it, just because 33% of Detroit is living below the poverty line. So what is that telling you? You had Rashida to leave who organized the Arab American community that literally voted for Trump? Literally Dearborn voted for Trump and then you had the black vote that was depressed, meaning just not even interested saying fuck it. You know the government, I I I it's hurting my pocket. Rashid The voted for Trump.


Dearborn Trump. Oh, okay, okay, gotcha, gotcha, Gotcha. Well, you know, they had the 100,000, they had a hundred thousand people go to the, this ain't being talked about enough. A hundred thousand people went to the polls to say we are uncommitted. Remember Rashida Lee literally did a video and said, Joe Biden, we ain't fucking with you until there's a ceasefire. We're not, we ain't fucking with you. That was during the primary, that was during the primary. Your number one opponent was a Democrat elected official in Michigan. That was literally, basically telling voters of, of sort to sit out and have them go to the polls to vote. I am uncommitted. So that same Dearborn, which she represents, she represents Detroit as well. Dearborn voted for Trump.


You look at that, you look at the two 3% of the, of the black vote, they couldn't get outta Detroit. So now you're talking about how, how you can win Michigan. Those are the things, you know, that people are not looking at. And Michigan had a lot of leverage, but he won all swing states, you know, so it wasn't just Michigan, but that's a real problem. You got black people starving in Detroit. You got Dearborn asking for ceasefire, you got the labor union and this is how we won Michigan. The, with Bernie Sanders, you got the labor union, they won strike all last year, the year before that. So those people were pissed. You had the college students who were also pushing, you know, anti-war and remove college debt was an issue. So those four or five constituents in Michigan made the difference on why you lost. So it was a number of things, you know, it's not just one thing over the other.


It's a number of things. I know the podcast was important. It is important to have podcasts. It is important to be able to reach 30 million people at one time. But if you're doing that and you're telling organizations like UN until Freedom or organization similar to that, here go a hundred thousand and you need to go to seven states and make it work. When you have the Church of God in Christ, I think they got a hundred thousand, 200,000 and say, Hey, go, go make it. Do what it do. It was impossible. You Know what I'd like to see? I, I agree. You know, you, I think you gotta hit 'em both, right? You gotta have a ground game and you gotta have a mean digital game. I would like to see some of the, the grassroots activists on the ground. I would like to see them start adapting to social media as well. Because I feel like they, those organizations need it. Yeah, for Sure. The partnership. It's not just, you know, one thing I, I think a report today said one in every three people get their news from social media.


I think it's actually higher than that. So we're not partnering in social media and having that ground game to be, you know, to double it up. It's, it's, it's, it's dead in the water, but you still have to have people knocking on those door and bottom line. They should have just bought votes at this point when you got a hundred days. Some of these nonprofits that are out here, somebody in Detroit, you could have funded them. You could have the same way Trump had Kwame Kirkpatrick, you know, the same way they had Harry O people. Oh, what Harry o doing? Would that make a difference? If people was looking for pardons in clemencies and all that? You Democrats have, pardon? Far more than Republicans have. I asked Governor Westmore, why are you not talking about, I think it was what, close to 200,000 people that he pardoned for marijuana. Why are y'all not talking about that? Why is that not something y'all talking about?


So when Trump brings a trick, trick from Detroit and people don't shave room who's trick, trick, oh no, where is Detroit? No damn Well who trick, trick is. So when people see that, they're like, well shit, I don't know what to believe. That one, 2% of falling off makes a difference. Trump capitalized on the Lost man. Something I've been talking about for 15 years straight. The hood whisper, the lost man men who felt like they were not being heard, people who felt like they were not being understood. Now again, I'm talking civically about black people. I'm not talking about this working class. 'cause that's, that translates to white working class, right? I'm talking about black people who felt like they were not being heard, were not being understood. And Trump capitalized on that. People ask, oh, why did he use Amber Rose? Well, guess what? She's from where?


Pennsylvania, Right? That's a swing state. So you don't have to like a shave room. But that was very strategic. It made sense to have ice wear Zo, you know, in Detroit, even though in the Shade Room, who is he? I don't know. He, it's Detroit. That one or 2% made a difference. Why didn't you reach out to Kwame Kirkpatrick? 'cause he a felon. Is that why you don't think it was important to at least, if nothing else, minimize your enemy? There's two things you do in a campaign. Minimize your enemy, maximize your friends. You didn't even reach out to that man for a conversation. Whether you like what he did in Detroit or not. The man still was elected, his mama was elected. He comes from a very long lineage, you know, of, of folks in Detroit. And I think that's even it is worth having the conversation. So Trump was able to appear as if he was one of them, which he was not.


By the way, he's a white man who, who obviously if, if, if black man couldn't have never gotten away what he got with the fellas, but he was able to appear as if he was, he was able to appear that connection. Why didn't they talk about what Governor Newsome did in California? Removing the gang enhancement, removing the gang enhancement. You got homies who are literally getting on the yard for the very first time. If you do the crime, do the time. No, no problem with that. But in California, most people are affiliated with the gang just by, based on where you live. So Governor Newsom has passed great legislation that has allowed people to come home that that has allowed people to actually get on the yard for the very first time. I got 10,000 homies right now in, in LA that were organized for the next governor. Just based off that one thing. They didn't talk about those things envy because they sit in this elitist positioning, you know, of let's just not talk about that.


You know, let's just vote, let's go high and go low. And Trump was able to capitalize on that and that made a difference. When you talking about a 10%. Yeah, I think, I think it's hard for them to capitalize on something like the Newsom thing because it is something that's regulated to California. Like the First Step act was a federal, a federal law that people act. That he, he did a phenomenal job of showing, look, I bought this person home And I bought that person home. And like there was other people on social media that would talk about, man, my my people just came home because of the first step back. I actually think the first step back, people don't really credit that enough. They wanna talk about stimulus checks and PPP loans. But when you can actually see one of your homies come home from prison, that's, that's a big deal. Yeah. And we saw what happened in real time. But I, I just wanna push back a little bit on how you capitalize against that.


How you can capitalize. When you look at what Governor Moore was able to do, the federal, when they took the federal for the marijuana For the Yeah. Simple possession of marijuana. Yeah. You show the connection. So yes, that was federal, make it bigger, right? But Governor Moore was able to actually utilize that without that federal partnership it wouldn't have happened. So it does trickle down, but the Democrats never connect the dots to show you this is how it actually works. Federal was able to help the state, state was able to help the local and so on and so forth. So there's ways to do it. They just don't do it. Charlemagne, because they feel as if, you know, let's focus on these imaginary voters. Let's spend all this money on white women. Let's spend all this money on on, they're scared to get dirty.


Working class essentially. Yeah. And so Trump was able to capitalize on that just enough. Remember this is about margins in the swing state. So when you got one or 2% that's saying I'm sitting on the couch or one or 2% is saying I'm going in a different direction, it makes a difference. Oh yeah. Especially when you look at the election Emini here. I think what Trump had 76.1 million votes Harris had 74. And it's just all those margins she lost by the margins in a lot of those swings to, So what you think about Trump's cabinet, like his, his choices for his cabinet right now? 'cause Emini here, these are the people that are be gonna have to be, Yeah, I don't think nothing. I think demo Republicans ran Democrats ran is gonna be a dictator. Guess what? They want a dictator. We've been saying this forever. We've been talking about this this day of bipartisanship and let's just get it through Congress.


We said charlamagne, you know, I said it a million times like with the f the the George Floyd act reducing college debt, do an executive order. Everybody said you can't do an executive order, gotta go through Congress. Republicans are gonna change it back. If you get in, they're gonna change it back. Guess what? Republicans don't give a damn about changing it back. They change back Roe verse. What about change back a whole bunch of shit, Obamacare and everything else. Democrats refuse to work as a dictator. They want a dictator. Everybody's saying, oh man, he gonna be a dictator. Right? That's why they want it. Oh yes, he's going to take migrants out. Yes. That's what they wanted. People need to stop saying that online is driving me crazy. Oh, Latinos. Oh man. Oh man, y'all about to see, they want the immigrant people who are legal who come over this country legal. They are literally telling you yes, we we do, we don't support illegal immigration.


So people that thinking they saying something on social media, oh, y'all gonna see no, they want a dictator. We the Democrats ran on democracy. They ran on dictator. I'm gonna be a dictator day one. That's exactly what they want. A dictator. Somebody's gonna Push The Line. Somebody ain't gonna give damn about what Congress is talking about. Somebody that say, I don't, I don't care what the rules are, I'm gonna do what I wanna do. They want a gangster period. Yeah, I agree with that. I wouldn't say dictator, but they want somebody that don't give a fuck and is going, he wouldn't say Dick when he said he was gonna be a dictator on day one. He said that on day one. But he, but I think what they, what people mean when they say they just want somebody that's gonna say, you know what, as long as things are getting done for the people, I don't care how it gets done. Like John Stewart did a great, a great monologue last night and he was just like, Democrats always follow the norms and Republicans don't follow the norms.


They gonna find those loopholes to break the, the, the, Which is kinda like dictatorship though. What I wouldn't call it Dictator. I call a dictatorship. He said he gonna do what he wanna do. That's what he, damn what y'all talking. He ain't gonna play The political Game. He ain't gonna play the So Emini here that's saying I'm gonna do this. And if you don't do it, it's gonna be hell to pay. If you don't do it, you know, I'm gonna make sure you don't win. If you don't do it, I'm gonna call you out. We talked about this with Joe Manchin. They let, they said up. Now Joe Manchin seed this to a Republican. We've been talking about this. This has been going on for the last 15 years. This loss was not just what happened in the last 100 days. This has been, at least from my experience, 2007. I can name year over year over year on what's on what happened on how we got here. And then another thing I wanna bring up on this messaging. Abortion Democrats ran on reproductive rights and democracy fell right out the gate.


You had states like Arizona, Nevada, that had abortion on the ballot. So Democrats mindset is let's put abortion on the ballot and that's gonna bring, you know, people so people know get out to vote. GOTV. That's how you get out to vote. Oh, they're gonna go to the polls now that abortion's on the ballot. Well what you did meet Baldhead, you actually allowed Republican women who were pro-choice to actually vote for abortion and still vote for Trump. There's no rule that says if you support pro-choice that you won't vote for Trump. So Republican women in Nevada and and Arizona literally had the opportunity to bring abortion back and still vote for Trump. So Democrats shot themselves even in the foot if you were expecting women to go vote for reproductive rights because you gave them an out and then that was a mistake out the gate.


Look at Michigan. Michigan, you can get an abortion in Michigan. So that gonna land anywhere. I know people want this idea, especially black voters 'cause we like to take care of everybody and oh, what about them in Texas? But the average person is voting, their personal interest can see pass bills. That's it. And if I can get an abortion in Michigan, what matters to me if, if you get it in Arizona or Nevada or whatever it was. So when you are running on reproductive rights, which I think was a mistake and, and just democracy, people didn't give a damn about democracy. We talked about that when I was sitting here in 2018. Those first questions you asked me out the gate, well what do people think about? I say, they don't give a damn. It's white folks. White folk don't give a shit about no insurrection. They'll do it again. This, this is what's been happening in this country 400 years. So the messaging was wrong out the gate. We talked about that.


Not running on the economy, not running. But I still think though envy, even if she would've ran on all those things they still was gonna vote for, they still would've rather voted for Joe Biden have dead weekend at Bernie's. You know, I don't think so, Dan. I don't They didn't even win Scranton. They didn't even win Scranton. Joe would at least won Scranton. He Won Scranton. Yeah, he would've won Scranton. Harris Lost Scranton. I don, But I think Joe would've got like 65 million Votes. Okay, so if, if what you're saying is true, what was all, 'cause I felt how you, how you feel now is how I felt in the beginning. And then when I saw the excitement and the money move and, and all of that, guys, we got a chance. What was all of that then? Why was that there? Joe wasn't gonna win. Joe didn't, didn't It was win. But he should. The Air Joe would've got close when You got there. Donut saying, we not giving you no more money, Joe.


Well you didn't have no choice. That's right. Yeah, that's right. They, so let's be clear. They did not have a choice. 'cause George Floyd Floyd said after the date it was bad. Yeah. They said they, they didn't have no choice. So two things to be true at the same time, they had to put Harris in no doubt about that. I'm not disagreeing with that, but I still don't think they would've voted her. They just wouldn't. They just not going to give something that they didn't give first. Did she do the best that she could? Yes. Did she do everything they told her to do? Yes. Did she have 100 days to do it? Yes. This is not about shitting on her. This is about setting up a woman to fail in a hundred days to do the damn near impossible. Right? I think Joe Biden should have took that l he's the one that said, you know, he was gonna run. He's the one that set up there the entire time. They didn't build the bitch. Let him take the l. Don't why, why now? Are you putting it on? She's Said bench, by the way. Yeah, No, it it sounded like they didn't.


No, I was with ain't bitch like, yeah, don't do that. I thought it was like the friendly bitch. Don't that to my bitch. So can she run again? Would you advise her to run again? Wouldn think she should run again. You think It's rap because it's, again, we gotta stop with, I don't know what this obsession we got with federal. I I'm, I'm gonna keep pushing that. Let 'em have it. Let's talk about especially Republicans now saying give it to the state. If you really wanna make real change in your community. I know it's not as sexy, I know it's not as exciting, but it really is at the state level. It really is at the local level. If you believe in, you wanna fund the public schools, you can do it at local level. If you say, you know what, I want charter schools, I wanna be able to educate our own. You can do that at the local level.


Why are we so infatuated with this White House? I don't, I don't, I don't get it. Why not be an Atlanta council with 16 other people in Orlando with six other people to be able to say, I'm gonna write a check to the Black Business Investment Fund. You know, to be able to say, Hey, here's some money to go start a business. You can pass reparations at the local level. So I, I don't understand this obsession that we have with this federal thing. And I'm gonna be honest with you, Lauren, black women, a lot of times we,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Howdy y'all. This weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time, like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We are not finished, we're on a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it stream for free this weekend. App Life de Required


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


On January 10th. You're gonna rob That place. Now. I'm gonna do it with you when the cop goes Gangster. Get your tickets. It's not about the money, it's about the challenge to the best heist movie in years. You Feeling it? I'm feeling it. Den of thieves. Two rated R only in theaters January 10th


Get caught up and it's wanting to be validated so damn bad. So when the excitement was there, when everybody's like, oh man, we can do this, we can do this black girl mad, we can do this, we can do this, we can do this. This validation of needing to be affirmed, needing to say you are qualified enough, you are good enough. A lot of that played into it. A lot of that played into it. But let's not forget, 3000 black women did a petition and said, Joe Biden, keep your ass in. They ignored that and went with the money to Charlemagne's point, they didn't have a choice. I agree with you especially about the state thing. You know, there's something else Trump said that man landed And I was, I'm still trying to figure out how did he land this? 'cause it's so hard to get people to focus on this, the abortion thing, right? He told them I wanted to be in the hands of the state.


So whenever you would have conversations with people about, you know, abortions on the ballot, they'd be like, no, Trump just wants you to be in the hands of the state. I've never seen a politician convince people on a national level, the the the it's it's gonna be local and that's fine and they buy into it. Well, Trump can get anybody to buy anything. He say Emini here he is a total, he's man, Democrats have never been equipped to run against Trump. Let's just name it. You know, let's Just say they've never been equipped to run against him. He's too petty. He goes too low. He don't give a damn what y'all talking about. He's an Entertainer First. He's an entertainer first. Yeah. And so they've never been equipped to go against this man. Never. But to your point, Charlamagne, for those that understand the state's rights and when you go back to Reagan, the reason why black people are against that is because what it does is it disenfranchise, disenfranchise, disenfranchise us even more.


So if you're saying, okay, in Oklahoma you can't get access to healthcare, but you can get access to healthcare in California, very liberal. These are folks that can't just pick up, you know, and go to California to get what they need. Don't have the money. So it affects poor people in a, in a very bad way, the state's rights. But conservatives, they like states, give it to the states, their mindset. If you don't like it, move somewhere else. But none of us have, not enough of us have the resources to just move, you know, to somewhere else. To just move where things, you know, may be favorable to you. So as black voters, we're always trying to carry the least of these and everybody else and think about everybody else. But for, but the reality is charlamagne, people are only looking out what's in front of their doorstep. And, and if and if I can do X, y, Z in Michigan, if I can have a a, a successful business with zero regulations in Atlanta when Covid happened, that's right.


When Governor Kemp, you know, a lot of don't, oh we don't like Governor Kemp, but Atlanta was still, Atlanta was still thriving. Black business was still thriving. Georgia was still thriving. So when people look outside their door, when, remember when governors DeSantis reduced the gas, when they was talking about you can't do nothing about the gas when gas was so high. He said, oh no, I can do something about this is why I talk about state. So when people remember that even though there's more liberal, more democrat voters in Florida, people remember what affected their pocket. That's right. And that republican governor made a difference. Kemp in Georgia made a difference, was passing out Kemp cards. He did the same thing Trump did when he signed his name. He gave him Kemp cards. People remember that. So you can have a state with a reup Democrat, governor, like North Carolina, but they still went with Trump because they're looking at how does it trickle down.


You can have a state that flipped and went blue, but have a governor Kemp, who's a Republican. People like their governors. People don't have to like Texas, you don't have to like Texas in New York, but your money gonna go far in Texas as any felon in Texas, they working in oil fields, $18 an hour, $25 an hour, $30 an hour. That makes a difference. So even if they don't like Republicans, even if they don't like Trump, when you looking at how that affects your money daily, it makes a difference. And that's where they lost as far as really trying to understand, you know, the economic conversation, especially with black people. What else we Got on the list? Because I know you got something on that list. No, I got a lot on the list. I kind of wanna just deal with Michigan quickly because I I do have some concern with that.


I mentioned Rashida lib and I'm not mad about, you know, how she was able to organize her voters. But I do have some concern for Detroit. I do feel as if Detroit does not have the voice that they should have. That Rashida Slee was able and she should, I I think she, she went hard in the paint for she's a Palestinian woman. I expect her to, I I have no issue with that. But I do feel like Detroit kind of got crashed out a little bit. That there's not representation. Detroit is one of the blackest cities in the country. And so when you had a few enough that say, you know what, I, I just don't wanna be a part of the process anymore. And that entire conversation was on Gaza And I know there's a talking point and Progressive is gonna come in and tell you that the polls say that black people are concerned about Gaza.


And yes we are, we do have, we are very compassionate. But if you ask the average black person black American on what they're most concerned about, they're talking about again, their own front door. They're more concerned about what's happening here over what's happening in geopolitics. That's right. So to be able to be a, to be a single issue voter, I don't have no problem with Rashida Ali, none at all. But when you, you had three black women who ran against Rashida Ali in 2022, all three of them combined still didn't have even half of which Rashida Ali has. So she has the votes, she has the power, but I feel Detroit is not getting, they're just doing at least being a part of the conversation. And I hope that changes. What else you got on that list? I think that's it. Unless y'all got something else with that to go over.


You know, I want, I wanted to ask you about Hakeem Jeffries. Hakeem Jeffrey said this week that he sees, he says Democrats are set up for a major comeback. You think that's possible, but What's the comeback? Let me, lemme know. Ain't no comeback. What's the comeback? This is like, I Ain't never seen that, that rapper, I've never seen nothing Like this that mix tape. But they still do it anyway and then they don't. I don't think So. I don't think, first of all, And I, I forgot, I wanna name a couple of names 'cause a lot of people ain't name the names. I, I do encourage people to go look at that list and there were two names that kept popping up over and over Quentin, no disrespect, I've never met him, you know, but he was in charge of the bag and also Cedric Richmond. Now you remember when Cedric Richmond came on The Breakfast Club and said hold him accountable. Remember that a couple of years, I I've been, I don't even listen to this. A when Cedric made that statement on Breakfast Club and said hold him accountable.


If anything doesn't go the way it's supposed to go in the Biden administration. And then he just disappeared. Right? He, he, he left his position and we didn't even know he left his position. Right. I ain't, I don't, I ain't even pay Cedric no attention. Well he literally told grassroots organization, if y'all just want the money, Just say that. Yeah, we saying that. Where's the, and I'm saying this completely. I didn't ask for no check. Don't want no check. Not interested in no check. I'm just telling you what the people said. You ain't get none of the million. I didn't get none of the billion. I don That million was going around. Million was going around. Yeah, but they told black people go hell, They like money don't like, like you need money for things. Like why is that such a, like a falsehood or something like Well No they know they, they got it. It just didn't come. Black folks didn't go to black media. That how Sharp got though. Al Sharp did get some, he got 500,000 Big got some.


Yeah, Roland got his check too. Roland, what's happening? Roland can let me hold something, but, but it don't seem strange. All that money went out and they still in the negative and, and still no It ain't strange. They do it every year. They've been doing this like this. They do it every year and it's, again, it's not just on the entertainers. These white liberal consultants who run this party. 'cause they do and then they tell the black folks in charge the gatekeepers of the, of the gatekeepers to tell them, okay, give them a hundred thousand, give 'em 150, give it to, they kept lying saying, oh the money coming, the money coming. They literally didn't give it to 'em three weeks until three weeks out. So now, now you wonder why you lost the black vote. So what did they giving them this money for? So like for instance, Roland Martin or or Reverend Owl, what do they use that money for? The only reason I said that, 'cause you just said that Roland was advertising Advertising.


Yes. I don't know what the, I don't know what Reverend Al was for. Well Reverend Al, they, they gave we really naming the names Ain gave, I'm asking y'all put the, well They gave International Action Network, they gave a donation to him. Yes. Two donations of a quarter million dollars. Yes. And so that organization is an organization, you know, that works year round, I guess, you know, allegedly for, and I'm not saying that, you know, to be funny but you know, for outreach. So, but again, it can't just be on just Rev al gotcha. You know, it's not just on, you know. No, no, I'm, no, I'm saying I'm wanna be clear. It can't, you can't just continue to keep spending money just on Rev Al you know, these organizations. Why are you not, again, why are you not connecting with these grassroots organizations who are literally struggling, literally struggling to give them the money so that they can organize year round, you know, in order to keep people engaged and bottom line by votes.


That's what they did with the Latino community. They put in the midterms, they put 30 different community centers in Florida. Wasn't just about voting. They was coming in trying to figure out what they could give healthcare, trying to figure out what resources they could get. Try to figure you literally took care of the community. That's where that money's supposed to go. Envy. It's not just for advertising. Advertising is important, but it's more than that. You literally are supposed to buy votes, guys. That's how it works. Buy votes. That sound crazy. Yeah. Buying votes. When I say that Emini here. If you got a nonprofit and you in the hood And I'm, And I give you 300,000 and I'm telling you, you that 300,000 throughout the year to do job training, use that 300,000 throughout the year to do resume building. Use that 300,000 to put people in a better position. Now people can fill it and say, okay.


And then that organization has responsibility to say, this came from the Harris campaign, this came from X, Y, Z. This is how we got what we got. And then now people can say, okay, I feel it. Like with the first step back, they feel it. They can see it, they can touch it. And Republicans have just did a better job with that. It's not that Democrats don't have the receipts, they just don't talk about the receipts. Okay. Their messaging has always been poor and raggedy as hell, which is why I left in 2010. So it's not that they don't have the receipts, they just don't talk about it. They don't feel they have to, they feel they know it all. And turns out they didn't know shit at all. They knew it all and knew absolutely nothing. They didn't listen to any advice that people gave them. They said they knew what was best. They said, we got this, and turns out you didn't have it. I'm gonna be honest, I don't know how much of, well, I take that back.


I do know there was a lot of people out there that was giving genuine good advice. But what I realize is the people who was out there giving genuine good advice was the people who were really doing it outta the goodness of their heart. A lot of other people I heard talking, they was really upset. They wasn't getting no money, right? Yeah. And so a lot of the stuff that they were saying was literally just based off, when y'all gonna give me some money, when y'all gimme some money, everybody that I heard actually giving good advice was not getting paid by the campaign. Right? And those were the ones who weren't getting listened to, which Is crazy to me. But why know? Why do, why, why can't the why you not gimme some money? Be a call sign too, right? For real. Like, if you got enough people saying, we need, we need, we need, it's like, okay, we need to figure out why do's saying we need, like, that's common sense to me as a politician, but well, you Should be paying for it. I, the goodness of the hard shit is over with Emini here.


Like I've done get to heart for a long time and it's basically gonna make you a full-time Uber driver. At the end of the day. People gotta get paid. But yes, people have their own interests on why they were trying to get X, Y, Z and they pissed 'cause they didn't get the money. A lot of these people that you're, that you're talking about, they got paid last time. They wasn't saying shit about the streets. But now that they got gate kept, now was, oh man, what, what's going on? You know, I've, I've never had so many calls and people say, oh man, we didn't get this and get that. I'm saying Streets Bend didn't get, you know, I'm talking about those grassroots organizations. They never were getting the money. So yes, people have their own special interests on why they're trying to get it, but it's a billion dollars. Pass it out. If we gonna run this scam, this timeshare scam, then let then yeah, give, give it out. There's nothing wrong with that as, as well.


So whether they was, it was the goodness of the heart or good advice. 'cause they had an interest. They weren't listening to anybody, Charlemagne. They, they, they really do believe that they have all of the answers, like literally all of the answers. And They were so wrong about everything. Like when they had that whole, oh, black men aren't gonna show up and vote for the vice president. And you know, president Obama was out there waving his finger at us. It's like, no, y'all should be focusing on these white women. Right, right. Like, like those are the ones that haven't shown up the last couple elections. The Latino men, I didn't hear them putting a real emphasis on that either, but the Latino people didn't show up for them. So it was just like, I, I just saw them make mistake after mistake. Another thing I would say is you had a presidential campaign that had trouble connecting with the working class, right? Because they had a bunch of consultants who got backgrounds with these giant companies.


Do you think that they should just bring people on these campaigns that are literally from the grassroots? Because to me those were the best ideas coming from Yeah, It, okay, that's exactly the best ideas coming from another point. I'm glad you brought that up, Charlemagne. When I, when also a lot of fringe groups, you know, people that were giving them hell online that they ignore that they say, oh, that's just, you know, oh, that's just them talking. Oh, that's just them talking. That's right. Again, minimizing your enemy. That's right. So there were groups online that are literally talking to 50,000, a hundred thousand people every week. You, you don't have to think that's important, but when you got groups online saying reparations are, are not, sit on the couch, don't do this, don't do that. And you are ignoring that group as a, as a, as a real constituency.


And you're saying, oh, don't worry about it. They just online. Well over time. 'cause again, a lot of these people, they, and they rock with me. They're talking about this year round. See why you're just talking about this, this last 100 days. They're talking to a hundred, 150,000 people every week, every week, every week, every week. And nobody pick up the phone and say, Hey, can I have a meeting with you? Can I at least see what you're talking about? Right? Can we at least have some kind of common ground? When Democrats in California threw black folks under the, under the bus, you know, one reparations, nobody thought it was worth even having a conversation with the folks online that are giving you hell, when you look at people, I'm just gonna say the homie tar and she giving them hell online every day. Nobody think you'd call and say, Hey, y'all did a whole rally on reparations in dc let, let, let's have a conversation.


What can we do to at least hear what you say? So when you do that, that just continues to motivate them to keep saying over and over and over, they ain't fucking with us. And that makes a difference when you talk about one and 2% in, in these margins. I, I agree with you wholeheartedly. And I think it's about when you do it, to your point earlier, everybody who's thinking about running in 2028, they should start campaigning now, right? Don't wait until the year of the election to start reaching out to these different people, right? 'cause then it looks fake. It looks, it looks like it's not authentic. It looks like you don't really care. Start making those connections now. Right? But let Me ask you a question. Do you think it should be that like Charlemagne said, or do you think we should take a page out of Canada's book and out of France's book where it's like there's a cap, there's a, a specific time limit. You know what Emini here, because people get fatigued and after a while people are like, F all is ish.


You know what Emini here. Do you feel like we should go more into that? Because now it's almost like big bank take little bank. You know what? Emini Here, Emini here as far as campaign campaigning is concerned. Oh, should it be shorter campaigns? Should it Be shorter campaign? No, no. Can they have a specific time limit whether there's three months or a certain amount of money that has to Yeah, It has changed. It used to be six months, one year, two years. Congress has to run every two years. The minute they get in office they're campaigning and trying to raise money. That's right. So no, we are in a year round. Donald Trump has changed this and will forever be changed. This is a year round effort. Year round resources year round. That's why I do my training. Push The Line, nonpartisan training year round, getting people in position. That's what Project 2025 is all about. People can think it's fake or not fake, but that's all about putting people in position, putting people at the commission level, putting people at the state level, putting people at the state.


If they're not investing year round, if you're, if you're gonna bring ply into the game, then plys partner with somebody like myself or somebody like Auntie free somebody else to help bring this noise year round. Because what happens is the day after the election you go, you go back to talking about what you're talking about before and now you gotta start the machine all over again. Well, Ply ain't said nothing from the car since the election. Ply talking about Starbucks and all kind of stuff. Ply. Well he did say he had woke up. Remember he said he missed the election night, but he woke up and saw, he did say that after the Election and but since then I ain't seen him ply talking about Starbucks and Women Feet. Right. And I ain't seen him talking about no Politics. Right. And that, that's that man I love Ply. I ran for office in 2011 in Orlando.


First person I reached out to was ply. I talked to his manager. He said, you know, ply don't do politics. He not in politics. So to see him doing this now and agree, reached out to him again since then, by the way, reached out to his manager to say, why don't you help me get these people trained? You have a voice. Get these people trained. 2011 said, man, come on, let's do something with the a hundred years, the a hundred years record that he got. Let's do something about mass incarceration in Florida. So when I watch him doing that every day nonstop, his heartbreaking to me because we do need our entertainers, but we need them to, I don't expect them to do the work year round. Entertainers like getting applauses and see this work is about getting boos. This work is not about applause. They only wanna be no disrespect, but entertainers like responding to the applause.


So the minute you start booing them, the minute you start saying, I don't like you. What we saw with Ice Cube when he took a chance and went out there and talked about, you know, the state of Black America. Oh yeah. And people started booing. Him And I, we ain't seen Ice Cube since either. So you know that And people, I Don, you gotta be able to take that smoke they Can't take. And then they say, oh, I don't blame Cube for leaving. But I do though. I love It When they leave. No, I love being, I love being in trenches. I like it. Yeah. I, I blame you though because homie, you done sat up here and got it. I done reached out to Q2. You got everybody excited. I don't expect you to do the work year round, but partner with people that can because we need, we need people like that. Gloria Rilla, come talk to your home girl. Like Gloria Rilla need people in her ear too to know she got a hell of a story. Why? Why are we not connecting her with people that actually know her story?


Sexy red. Oh, we don't need sexy red. Yes we do. She a whole D move. Maybe y'all don't know how to talk to her, but she can go partner with some of the homies that not even on the list at all. Not even on a voter list. When you bring 10,000 people into the fold, 15,000 people in the fold is not even on anybody's list that nobody's, that's how you win these elections. That's why Trump was able to make that difference on people who were not engaged at all. But in order to do that, you have to do it year round. You cannot do it No. 90 days before the campaign. It's never gonna work. Ts I, I agree with you. I think what I think what we're saying is, is because I think this is what people think. People think that entertainers are the leaders, they're the generals. They're not, they're the soldiers. Right. And you want them to be the soldiers right. To go organize the people, to bring them back to the actual generals, the people that actually do the work.


Absolutely. Yes. Absolutely. And y'all can have the mic. We ain't trying to take the mic from you. Like we get it, get the mic but pass it on to people that are really, really, really trying to do it. I will do the heavy lifting. The organizer will do the heavy lifting. Our platforms are never gonna be as big, you know, as a cube or a gorilla or a sexy red. And I don't wanna encourage, discourage 'em to get out because that's also what's happening. 'cause see now they done put they cloud on the line and then now you got in a Taylor, I'm not getting that shit again man. Fuck that. Oh Yeah. Especially when the candidate lose. Yeah, when The candidate lose. Exactly. Exactly. Because you don't put them in position to make it seem like, oh, all we gotta do is have Beyonce get up and talk and it's all D and now you got her look like you said, the candidate's on people calling her out people. And that's not on her, it's not on Beyonce, it's not on these.


But you do need people to get people to the stands. Right. But it's on, it's the year round organizing that they just refuse to do. So I want our entertainers to stay in the game. I just want you to partner with organizers that really actually give a damn about this work. 'cause we really do, you know, year round and we don't have enough killer Mikes, in my opinion, tell 'em how to connect with you and you'll Push The Line movement. Yes. Push The Line politics until something happens. And thank you guys for supporting that. When we did, I guess it was two years ago when I came to The Breakfast Club, we had over 300 people, you know, that came to Atlanta on their own dime to learn how to be candidates, to learn how to be operatives, to learn how to be organized. It's a nonpartisan training that I created. These people flew from all over la, Dallas, Houston, New York, in the room, you know, 300 people.


That's why when people tell me don't nobody wanna do this, they're not interested. That's not true. Jay was there in the background. She came to the training, came all the way from dc. These people were outside at 6:00 AM in the morning in the rain to learn how to do this. They want the training, they want to know how can I change on the local level. But we just don't have enough support to get around it. So I'm asking people to text, Push The Line, all caps, Push The Line to 6, 6, 8, 6, 6. And I'm trying to get partners, guys. I'm trying to, people over 50 cities have said, can you bring the training here? But I can't. You're teaching people in the training how to organize. How to organize if you wanna be a candidate, if you wanna be an operative, if you wanna be an organizer, whatever it is you wanna do. I believe my training is one of the best. And the reason why is because it truly is a military mindset.


It truly is cutting through all the bullshit I've been to all the trainings. I've been to Congressional black caucus training, white House training, Yale Women's School, law school. I've been to 'em all and all of 'em sell a bunch of bullshit respectfully. You know, they come in and tell you, you know, you're gonna have a stab, you're gonna have this or that. My trainer is really designed to tell you, you know Lauren, it's really just gonna be you with $20. Now what it now how, how can we, you know, move from that? So people are hungry, they want the information. I'm trying to get people to partner to help me do more of it. 'cause I can't just do it, you know, myself out my own pocket. I can't, I don't wanna charge people. People don't have the money to pay for it. So we're just trying to, you know, keep building up that momentum and hopefully be able to do too much. So you need people to text to join.


And you also looking for the Yeah, I, I need Charmaine write me a check. Oh yeah. Bottom line. What you need T what you need. I'll make a donation right now what you need. I know Charlamagne donation but that's big. I'm big. Yeah, let's give 150,000. We can go 50 Detroit. That's a lot now. But I gotta, we can help get you that now 50 people got a thousand dollars. That's a holiday season. Yeah, And I do wanna say that also Wisconsin Lar, I don't know if y'all know this largest black male incarceration in the country. Really the highest black, black femicide rate. Yes. More black women are murdered in Wisconsin than anywhere. They didn't give any money to Milwaukee at all. So now you're expecting you. That's what you were expecting and and also Wisconsin is one of the most, the least diverse state in the country.


So now you're gonna run a former state attorney in Wisconsin where black men are locked up more than Emini here. You know, this is true. Whether you like it, we gotta deal with what it really is. They weren't trying to hear any, any of that. They shitted on Wisconsin, they shitted on Milwaukee. They used to do hip hop week there every year. They don't have the budget to do that anymore. They were trying to bring, say how teez, how can we come down, get out to vote. They couldn't get $2,500 Wow. Together to say let's get the vote out. They went to the white voters in Wisconsin. So these are the kind of things guys that we just have to put on the table. I know people saying, Teez move on. Just deal with it. No, we have to call this shit out guys because if we continue to mismanage this money then we're not, you know, actually getting the help you know, that we need. And it's critically important.


Does this, if I text, Push The Line to this number? Does that still work? Alright, text, Push The Line to 6, 6, 6. No, six six. Eight. Six six. Text. Push The Line to 6, 6, 8. Six six to join TE's email list for Push The Line. That's Right. Thank you man. We appreciate you for joining us. Thank you For, lemme go through my list. That's all good as Tell Figaro, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 Plus Terms, Inc.


Do you want a shortcut? To the best version of you, here it is. Feed the Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, the Best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.