
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at t connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. Kalani, welcome back. Thanks for having me. How You Feeling? I feel good. I think the last time we did this we might've been on the on a Zoom call so it's cool to be in person. Yeah, it was Zoom. How's your spirit? How's your energy? I'm super good. I'm like probably the best I've ever been. Amazing. Yeah. And why is that? I think just life is really cool. I think I made something I'm stoked about. My fans are stoked. I got to do all these cool signings and see all of them in person and just like be back in the swing of things. So I'm good. They Say you a gym. Oh, Go ahead. I said they say you a gym rap. They said you up at six o'clock this morning in the gym.


They say every morning you go miss The gym. They might have lied about this morning. Oh, maybe not this morning. I was dead sleep this morning. Okay, okay. But yeah, I, I'm up, I'm always about my fitness stuff. I'm super healthy and the healthiest I've also ever been. So Yeah, I've been watching videos of you all weekend in New York and like, you know, a lot of people have been coming to your signings and your popups Yeah's been crazy. It's been nuts. How did that make you feel getting that type of love? It's been cool. Emini here. I've been doing this for so long And I've been doing signings for so long and at some point like my brain tricked me into being like, you know, they're probably gonna lessen over the years because it's like, you know, we've seen her a bunch. She dropped a bunch of projects. I'm on project seven mm or six on project six. Is it seven? Seven. Oh I was right. Seven. See so much music, I forgot that.


You know, I didn't expect it to be getting bigger. So it, they're actually the, the craziest signings I've ever had so far. 'cause it's growing and that's, you know, that's all you can pray for. I, I will say, you know, listening to your new album and just seeing you over the last few months, several months talking like there's a confidence and a sense of self that you have now. Yeah. That you didn't have years ago. Yeah, for sure. Why, Why is that Emini here? I think it's been a long Mental Health journey. I think it's been a lot of contributing factors, new Motherhood, different angles of like pub being, being publicly aligned with certain things or publicly misaligned. They're just like not stepping into myself. I'm 29, I'll be 30 next year.


Like I'm just, I'm, I'm growing up in a real way. So like I know how to prioritize and take care of myself differently now. So why did you name the album Crash? So essentially a crash is the height and the peak of a moment. It isn't like the anxiety that comes before and it isn't like the overthinking that comes after. It's just this like, excuse me, cluster fuck. It's just this, this thing that happens. And I knew this album wasn't gonna make sense to most people. I knew that it would be something that you either loved or that you hated and that kind of just is a crash. And that's kind of been the reception. It's some people hate it, some people love it, some people think it's my worst and some people think it's my best. And I think that's really cool. It's a little bit of everything.


It's a little bit of it. A little bit of it's a crash. It's really a crash And it's a little bit of everything. Yeah. Was that what you wanted to do? You know, I didn't start wanting to do that. I started as my self-titled And I went on this mission to like make, finally make the Kehlani album 'cause I haven't done that yet. And we started in like going to all these different cities and we got all these Airbnbs in different places and it just kind of grew into this thing that resembled, I feel like me as a person, I feel like I've always been kind of this thing that doesn't make sense to everyone. They can't figure out like who I am, what I am, what my story is, how it's been, all of these things like can't figure me out in whatever kind of way how, how I look versus how what kind of music I make, how I sound. And once it started taking its own life, I was like, oh, okay.


It's just me as an album. So Yeah. What is the self-titled Kalani album supposed to be like? 'cause you said it was supposed to be a Kalani album. Yeah. What was that supposed to Be? Be? Well that album to me is more rooted in the core things that shaped why I sing. I feel like the Kehlani album will be much more referencing like my actual core musical references. It'll probably be a lot more r and b. But this album really reflected all the things that I listened to like that I grew up listening to, but didn't necessarily shape my identity as an artist, but reflect like, you know, worldly where I'm at. So basically we're still getting Kani album. Absolutely. That'll probably be my next album. Probably. Yeah. Good. Lose My Wife Is such a toxic record.


Oh it is so toxic. Kline like why, why would you, why, why would you make those choices and decisions knowing that it could cost you your wife? Oh, you know, it's not a true story. I just wanted Oh no, that's what you tell 'em. No, it's true, it's true. So in my head, crash is the story of this anti-hero version of myself that goes to Vegas and has this crazy run in Vegas and ends with that lament of like, damn, I've like all of this has crashed instantly. And it's almost like the come down song of like, oh these are the decisions that I've made and like this is what happened. So it's more of like a sonic story and an ending to the story than a true story that I needed to smack on there. Got it. Kind of feels like the hungover song.


It kind of feels like the next day you're like, oh shit. So this is your shadow side. Exactly. Gotcha. Yeah. So when you were in the studio writing these songs, you were like, I'm gonna let my shadow side, I was like, you know, there is, there's been so many talks that Kani songs there really has. Yes girl. There really has. And I feel like it's, they are moments that people don't, people maybe wanna say in their head and been like, I've had that perspective, or I've gone through that or I've wanted to say that. And like I would never say it out loud to me after I wrote that verse. I was like, this is kind of like stinky and it is kind of harsh, but some pe some people feel like that so Absolutely. But when I hear songs like After Hours or like Better Not or Tears, it does feel like you're longing for a stable relationship.


Does it a little Bit. Yeah. In those moments. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. I think everybody wants love, everybody wants stable love and we all just have different journeys through it, you know? Yeah. How has Motherhood been? Oh it's the best through this Journey. It's the best. She's five. I can't believe it. Covid baby. Yeah. And that it's the so whole. Yes. It's, that's all different type of breed. I got one thing, I got what is a Covid baby? I'm literally like, I'm make the day seem so fun. I'm like, we're going to the aquarium and we're going here, we're going here. And then she's like, no, kind of just wanna stay in the house and play. I'm like, geez, what are we gonna do? The other dad took her to the park and she was like, I'm just letting you guys know I'm not playing with any of those kids. And I was like, I respect it, but maybe we should try that.


And she did and she tried it and she made some friends and she's in school so like she has friends. Wow. She still got musical interest. I heard you say one time she had some She's On the album. She's on the album. She's on deep. She actually sounds so good that you can't really tell that it's her except for her tone is obviously sounds a lot younger than mine, but she's singing her ass off. Do you want her in the industry? Wow. I want her to do whatever she wants to do. If that means industry. Sure. If that means she wants my help. Sure. If that means she doesn't want my help. Sure. If that means she wants to be a brain surgeon or a rocket scientist, let's do that. It's her world. I'm just here. Yeah. Is the industry good for kids? Emini here? You're somebody who came in the industry as a kid young, right? I think that compared like there's two different, there's, there's pros and cons on both sides.


One, I didn't have access to the proper like mental wellness type of regimen or care to have grown up in it the way that I did. And we're seeing the effects of people who, you know, adults now and all these stories are coming out about them being like child stars or coming out young. And on the flip side, I feel like people now have access to that. But there's, it's also a different demon fame now is completely different. It's why I don't really post my daughter. I don't, there's too many creeps. I don't ever her to ever look back and be like, I actually didn't consent to any of this. I didn't give any permission. We already get embarrassed when our parents play home videos for our friends when they come over. That's right. Do like if I'm just subjecting my child to her home video, her freaking growing up home videos being widely known all over the internet and she grows up one day and it's like, I didn't get to tell you if I wanted that or not.


You know, that's on me as a parent. So yeah. Any more babies You want? I would love to have more babies. Whatever God wants to bless me with I receive. Yeah. Can we talk about the record? What I want? Yeah. I want a bitch that look better than me. Pussy get pu pussy back. Me. You reading it So serious? Yes. You shoulda had Jeffrey, that one. Let's talk about what I want is that, what does it get better to me? You shoulda read that One. He was so excited to read that too. But seems on that record, it seems like you're torn between wanting to be spoiled but also feeling comfortable being the one who spoils. Am I? Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm definitely like, I fluctuate. Absolutely. I'm, I think I'm more of a giver than a receiver of like spoiling. I think that's just my nature.


But I, it's just a classic song about naming all the things that I want. I don't think any of them are even cohesive. I think they're just like, here's a list of all the all my dream things that I want. But if You're having a wild weekend in Vegas, why would you lie to a woman like that? Why would you make her feel like, like she's So special. Isn't that what you do in Vegas? Doesn't Vegas make you No, not like that. But I'm saying does it? Is Vegas not like some adult Disneyland of like all your vices and you don't talk about it when you actually Actually I have a tiny residency in Vegas. Thank you. I have a show. Thank you. I have a show at the end of next month and in August. That's what I do in Vegas. Okay. Because even on the song in Vegas, maybe I'm tripping. It didn't sound like you was actually in Vegas.


You just said what we do is like Vegas. Exactly. The only, I made a couple songs actually I made part of what I want in Vegas. I made part of Sus in Vegas Emini here. Actually I made most of Sus in Vegas and a part of Groove Theory in Vegas. But the song Vegas I made in Los Angeles. Okay. And then don't nobody go to Vegas to fall in love. Love. Like they go to creep, have fun, you know? Yeah. But that Funny, you gotta lie to the person Who said, I'm lying. Y'all know what I got going on. Gossip. We don't dunno. Hello The record Sushi. Sushi. Doesn't that mean, isn't that Spanish Slang Sus dirty. Sus Sushi Sus Is susya Susya Susya. No, it's su su.


There we go. Here's a list. PIAs, That's P'S list. And that's dirty, right? Yeah. Dirty Girl period. Yeah, there we go. Bilingual. Is that what the record symbolizes? Yeah. Dirty. Basically. Okay. Emini here. Young miko versus crazy if it's translated. And Jill Scott is freaky. Auntie Max. Extreme Lord. Max. Max. She's the, the freak Lord. Honestly, the original freak so amazing. I had to tap her in. Yeah. Yeah. She, that was an honor. I noticed that you don't have a lot of features on this album. Was that intentional? No, I tried to get more features. There was a couple things that were going on, different time things and not necessarily being aligned at the time. Different people not aligning with me and, and just things not making sense.


But the ones that did stick around for me and really, you know, held me down, I'm super appreciative and they killed it. Yeah. Yeah. Now after hours, were you surprised of how fast that took off, especially on social media? Crazy. Yeah. TikTok was like a huge dance and Yeah, I honestly, I have to give a lot of credit to, to Darius Hickman, who's an incredible dancer and he was in the after hours video and he left rehearsal for one of, for the after hours video and went home and just like made this little dance on TikTok and it just like, it took it on when, And I think it's such a testament to how powerful like dance is and how like dancers are like DJs, like they can really break songs. It's, I give him all the credit for that 'cause it's crazy. Did You know who Luie D was beforehand? Yeah. Okay. Of course.


Why you disrespect her like that? I'm just Asking. Damn. That's a classic record. I'm like, of course the one song Luie D had one song, so you know, maybe, well, did she have one? She said of course. I think, I think she had One. Yeah, she had one. Yeah. Now you, you also mentioned that this album isn't rooted in your personal experiences or relationships like your previous albums. Are you saying that just so you don't get in trouble and people be like, damn Kalani's so toxic? No, I think Be running through these chicks. I think Anytime a running through these, You want you to be a pimp. So bad, so bad, So bad. You know what's so funny is I think people would be surprised if they sat down with me to, to actually ask and inquire about my experiences because they might look one way. But it is so many different scenarios that lead to why my love life looks the way it does.


And so many, you'd be surprised who, what's happened with this and what's happened with this. And it's just, it's my business and it's my world and I'm pretty much in good standing with anybody ever. So like running through these chicks is extreme. You do really want me to be a pimp, but you know, maybe I'll just, Maybe I'll just start embodying it. I'll just, maybe I'll just Live in it. Maybe I'll just accept it. Jesus. Yeah. Does that bother you people in your, in your, in your regular business, not just your music business all the time? No, I think it came, it comes with the territory. I think I At one time you didn't feel like that at Once. Oh my god, I hated it so bad. But I also, I have been, again, your Mental Health journey and your journey in being a public facing person, those have to be in lockstep.


Like those, if you are ever having poor Mental Health, there are so many times I could say I've been at a table with y'all And I been in the worst states of my life And I was like, okay, that interview's gonna be whatever. And times I've been like, I'm actually not doing interviews this year because I'll of this shit. And I good though. You set a boundary. Yeah, absolutely. But I've also was not in a positive space to even be able to walk in a room and like hold that. Granted, I think the interview at the time that caused things like that. Was it my favorite experience with someone? No. But I also at multiple times in my career just have not been just aligned with where I needed to be to be able to show up in that way. So now I can hold that. You could probably say anything to me and I'd be like, all right, cool.


Have Record labels gotten to the point where they actually respect a artist's Mental Health. Meaning like if you wake up one morning and you say, look, I'm not doing no interviews today. I'm not doing no interviews for the next six months. But they're like, no, you have to like, they'll push you to do it anyway. Well I've been signed to the same label since I was 19 years old and I'm 29 and they have seen me through everything. So I think they're at the point with me where they're like, we get it and we also know what you are gonna show up and show out for and ask, you know, your fans. Like I I I never, I never play about my fans. I never play for showing, you know, showing up for them. And we've always been super transparent and developed a really good relationship with people in media to where like, I've been able to call people personally and been like, it's not you, I promise.


Like I'm not doing well or I've been on a run and going and going and going for six days And I just need to come in a little later. I need to reschedule this. And people have been super gracious with me. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a huge Mental Health advocate. So what got you to that place where you are now? You know, And I here And I know it's a journey. I know it's up, I know it's down, but where, what got you to this? Yeah, just honestly I'm gonna use this moment to be really transparent and to really advocate for people, you know, getting psychiatric care. And I got a psychiatrist And I got a proper diagnosis after what felt like years of getting soft diagnosis and, and misdiagnosis. And I'm able to get medicated help and it keeps my mood stable and I'm here and it keeps me like, I would absolutely recommend it to anybody that feels like they need it because Right.


It's not something that anybody needs to shame or like be nervous about. And it's probably the best thing I've ever done for myself. For sure. What What got you there? 'cause most people, like you said, they feel like they can't talk about it. Yeah. They can't discuss it. They can't get the help 'cause they don't wanna be shamed. Especially in celebrity, you feel like somebody will see me do this, that and the other. But what got you to the point where it's like, f this, I need to get help. You know, I was medicated when I was a kid And I remember not having the most proper experience with it just because I was really young and like you're in school and like every kid has a DHD and like is hyperactive and you know, at What age were you first Medicaid? Do you remember? I had to be in like the third grade maybe was in Ritalin. Put You on Ritalin. On Ritalin. And it really messed with my personality and my mom was like, yeah, no, like you can't be a zombie.


Like I'll take hyperactive turnt up. Yeah. You know, over like whatever this zombie, you know. And then on top of that, still, I just remained with the psychiatrist and then I, you know, went into teenagehood And I didn't have that anymore. And then I became an adult. And just like my experiences in the music industry and the amount of like honestly PT s that that causes paired with, you know, all your childhood trauma and like all these things, you kind of get to a point where you're like, all right, I'm not an expert. Like I can't keep being the one to dictate this or to supplement or like to, to try to fix it. I used to smoke a lot of weed. Can't do it. Won't do it. So you don't smoke anymore.


Oh you don't? Oh I ha I haven't been a smoker in five years. Wow. Because it, people bring me weed all the time and I'm like, dang, that's The old we. Yeah. What about indigo though? Indigo kind of calms you. Anxiety sativa makes you have panic attacks. You Know, it, it was because I got pregnant. Oh. And I couldn't, and then I got, I went to a throat doctor and he was like, oh, you don't wanna sing for the rest of your life the way your shit looks. 'cause I was smoking backwards, I was smoking blunts. Like I was, what You can find pictures of me with like backwood like packs spread out Like, like, like a money spread. Psychotic and just nasty. Just nasty. And I just, I couldn't do it anymore. And I'm just, I got to a point where I was like, okay, I'm doing all the things that I can possibly do.


I'm going to the gym, I'm developing good hobbies, I'm not going out, I'm not doing this and I'm still struggling is to the point where I need to, you know, I need to ask for help. Does it affect your art when you're on whatever medication you're on? No. No. It doesn't. It I, it, it honestly is the first time maybe ever in my life that I feel like I have been, I have, I'm clear. Mm. Yeah, That's, well congratulations. Like I told you when we first started, like you can really see it's a different level of confidence. It's a different level of a sense of security I would say. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. I appreciate It. Now we're doing this album, you know, usually people see Kalani as an r and b artist. Yeah. But this album is popped, there's country, there's house music, there's reggae music.


Were you nervous at all and be like, my fan fans, my core won't get it. I actually felt the opposite. I felt like my core fans, my actual core fans would get it because there's been hints of all these things. When my mixtape was nominated for a Grammy, it wasn't nominated for RB, it was nominated for like contemporary, you know RB. So there's been hints of things my whole life And I felt like they would really understand. I felt like everybody else who really loved one really r and b project of mine or like r and b SoundCloud drops or features would be like, what is this? And so far, for the most part that's kind of what I've seen plus this little subgroup of people who are going like, wow, I didn't even know she had this inner, this is what's gonna make me fuck with her.


Mm. So it's honestly, it's been cool. I'm kind of really liking the polarity of the response at this point. If I make the same album again, I'm not an artist. If I make the same project after seven projects, this is my chance to pivot And I took it and I'm just, I'm stoked to be here. Honestly. Isn't this what art is though? Yeah. You put it out. Some people don't like it, some people not Gonna like it. It's subjective. Exactly. Yeah. Some people are like, this is the best thing I've ever heard you do. And some people are like, this is chicken scratch and it sounds like noise And I hate it. No, it's so Versatile. It's like, Oh I don't listen to anyone. I made the album I wanted to make And I'm happy with it. Great. Alright. Yeah. It's a bunch of different genres within, it's so different. It was so fun to make. I had, it was the funnest process. It was so many people involved that were all feel the exact same way about it.


It felt like our album, not just mine, we got to celebrate it. Like I'm happy I keep hearing you talk about your, your Fitness Journey. Yeah. And but then they said recently you were body shamed on, on that one. I didn't, I didn't See it. You know, it was an interesting body shame. 'cause what it was was the accusations that I got ab etching. But Girl, we so sick of people. Yeah, she got the same. She got the same. Yeah, it's, it is really interesting. The thing is, I have diastasis rec thigh and a hernia from being pregnant. So my muscles are split down the middle. So I have, I have this space right here and this I have like a lump 'cause it's my,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something. They'll here forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy


And testings a hernia and it kind of looks like an extra ab randomly above my belly button. Everybody was like, that's the proof. Like, oh boy. And then they were like, yes, proof. Because she's not super muscly anywhere else but just her core. And what if you go back like genetically, I have my dad is super buff, like I'm damn near built like my father. And then I've always kind of had, right, you can, you can really see it. And I, and I've always had abs and then upon like just really training my core to like make up for the fact that I, my muscles aren't connected And I have to get my cord together to be able to do anything. Just the center of everything. I have to go a little hard on that. And I honestly thought it was hilarious.


And then people just being like, is that a man? And I was like, do you want me to be Jesus? Would you like me to be? But What I love is like you didn't get mad and like go get online and start going crazy Back and forth. You what it doest do anything. Yeah. I used to do that a lot. And then you just realize like there's crazy shit every day. Like people talk about some new shit the next day. I remember when the internet used to destroy me. Like it you what I remember the other day, maybe last week, somebody might have tweeted like, oh like y'all don't call Keani dirty and she has tattoos. And someone said, oh you must be new here. Mm. And everybody was like, yeah because 2016 to to to 2018, that was it.


Everybody was calling me ugly, dirty, all everything. And I used to be what? I was fucked up about it like consistently. And then I just got to a point where I was like, well life kind of goes on And I know myself and like there are people that know me and love me deeply and care about me and like, You know, you wash Right? Hello? Yeah. Yes. If you guys would like to come to my house for a week and double check if I shower twice a day and the levels of aftercare, like that's on you guys. Yeah. But you know, you don't have, you can't prove those things to people. People who already wanna be like that are gonna be like that regardless anyway. So you still on social media or you got off because of that? No, I had got off for a second. I actually didn't have Twitter for two years. I just got back on because it's just, why'd I get back on it?


I haven't Been on it six, seven years. It is not good for my mentor. Oh it's a terrible place. It's a terrible place. But my, the people that I need to speak to my fans, once I learned how to really put blinders on and not theoretical blinders but like actual blinders to be consistently like this is what matters and these are the people that love me. It's been the best thing in The World. Sometimes I have my moments. Someone yesterday said some shit to me, like I think Caroline's confused about her sexuality And I was like, I've been exclusively dating women for three years and like the music's really gay, but sure. And then somebody was like, how am I confused? I think I'm the least confused I've ever been. But like, sure I left the tweet up for 10 seconds and deleted it.


You have, you know, you have your moments. Yeah, Yeah. Now how, how, how did your record label And I guess just the industry period react to your, your advocacy for Palestine? You know, I think, I think we are in a, in a kind of a loop for so long of like what's safe to speak about and what's not safe to speak about. Especially with the powers that be being so powerful and that running so deep. Obviously my music came out and obviously I'm super supportive, so absolutely no problem from my record label, I have experienced a lot of pushback. I've experienced a lot of loss, I've experienced a lot of things that were promised and set up for this rollout and album to happen that were supposed to be a lot of firsts really? Yeah. Magazines and, and these things and, and those type of brand deals and opportunities that were sad to lose.


But at the end of the day, like I don't, I don't regret doing something that I, I I can go to sleep at night. Yeah. I can go to sleep knowing that like what I learned to be as an artist I'm aligned with because I grew up fully understanding, you know, the role of art in liberation and and that's not to place myself in alignment with, you know, those artists and those revolutionary acts. But that's to say like I understood what it meant to not be silent even if I never, you know, put it with the song in the video. Even if just me speaking out, I always knew what it meant to have a platform and that responsibility in that way. And like I can go to sleep knowing that. Like I don't, I can look myself in the mirror, you know, and know that I did, did I did the right thing.


Do these magazines and stuff tell your people? Why do they say you always her advocacy of Palestine or Do you, those are really big buildings with a lot of people involved so it, it always makes its way back. Yeah. Yeah. Now you speak clearly. Hold on. You also mentioned that your advocacy for Palestine caused a lot of artists to ignore your request for Collaboration. So I was talking very fast on a live very caffeinated early in the morning And I wasn't able to like really elaborate on that. There are a lot of more people involved on artist teams than just the artist. And it also wasn't every single feature. There were certain people who didn't get it back in time or it wasn't aligned with like, the timing of their album. I didn't mean every single artist, but there were artists that I did reach to and someone on the team was like, we don't fuck with her.


Or they said this and then another thing made its way to me or like ano like things you, we know, we know things travel, we know people have conversations and those people have conversations and people were respectful enough to not, you know, text me back and say, girl fuck you, I'm a Zionist. You know, things like that. But I wasn't able to really elaborate that when I, And I would never, I would never sit here and name names because it's not about that. It's more about how insidious these, the industries are and that we can be so afraid to lose what we've built. Because so many of us have come from nothing to where we have this scarcity mindset of like, I have to protect what I have going on so hard that I will do anything to stay in that world to protect it because I have to keep feeding my family.


I have to keep, you know, building my legacy. I have to do that. I don't wanna chance that. And it's sad because that thing that does get dangled in front of our faces when it comes to really important political matters that people don't align with. It's sad, it's unfortunate And I don't, I'm not mad at anyone. I'm not holding anything against anyone. I was definitely on that live like yeah and by the way, let me tell y'all about da da. But I definitely have those moments where I'm like, this shit is fucked up. But typically I'm, I'm a, I'm a longer thinker And I have more to the thought and it was just unfortunate really. So, So you understand when artists don't wanna speak out about political or social issues Or how do you feel about it right? That They don't. Right. Especially coming from particular backgrounds. I am the type of person that is very nuanced. Like I understand how people got to most things.


It's unfortunate. I feel like it's unfortunate I am saddened by. It does make me sad because I really do believe in our power as people with influence. This is why the presidents involved, music artists, what they've got. They've got all type of music artists campaigning for for for the president. They've got, they bring, they bring us out to sing out all the, all the campaigns, all the events. Whenever there's anything going on, they, they want us to all get together and drop a song for it. Like they keep showing us how powerful we are. There's people, there's a younger generation who don't know what a policy is but they would, they know their rapper's favorite songs. They know their RB singer's favorite songs and they will learn about anything going on in The World if their favorite person tells them.


Yeah. And I may have expressed it, it super like angrily every single time I've talked about it online. But it, that's 'cause I understand that also sometimes shame works as a teacher. So if I gotta come on there and say fuck all of y'all because wake your ass up, you if you wanna sit and have a longer conversation with me, we can get to this point. But it, it has made me viscerally angry so many times to feel like, look what we could do. And they also wouldn't be able to hold us back anymore if we all banded together. They can't cancel all of us. They could cancel me and they'd be like, okay we got somebody outta here. That's cool. They could cancel the couple people that speak up but if everybody spoke up, yeah that power imbalance wouldn't exist anymore. We're just the people united.


That's the quote. So we have to like stand on that. And you raised over a half a million dollars for Gaza, Sudan and the company, right? Yeah. Yeah. Do you think money is the only way people can help? Absolutely not. I think in every single issue, the idea is that you're supposed to listen to their quests of the people at the core of the issue. You're supposed to abide by the request of the most oppressed. And they have asked us to literally speak like that's the thing about this whole like social media doesn't do anything, speaking doesn't do anything. Awareness doesn't do anything but those, there are people in Congo who are just saying, make our stories heard. There are people in Sudan who go just speak about us. They're not talking about us on the news, they're not talking about us in these magazines.


They're not talking about us anywhere. But you guys are, Gaza opened the door for people to even be aware of Congo and Sudan on a global scale because those issues have, have preceded this genocide. Those genocides have been, have been happening. Those famines, that extreme like displacement, those have already been existing and Gaza has opened up The World to, to Haiti, to Yemen, to all of these places as that all this is going on. So the least we can do is share things here and there and you don't have to have money, but if you do you should put it where your mouth is. For sure. I was gonna ask with Kamala Harris being from from your side of town, did y'all ever have a conversation? Did you ever reach out to hug? No. With everything that's going on?


Not at all. No. I'm not really big on presidents or they're, they're folks not a governmental girl. Really? Yeah. Like they're not really Emini here. There's power in government but the real power is with the people. It's in the people. Absolutely. Yeah. You are a West coast girl. It Oakland girl. Yeah. What you think about Kendrick? I knew where this was going. I just wanted about rooting for Drake. Crazy stuff. Who was rooting for Drake? What? Wasn't you rooting for Drake? I haven't publicly rooted for anyone. No, but have you not seen me at the club dancing or not? I heard you coming earlier in the hall. You was humming. Oh, you could hear me through the soundproof store some Drake records. Oh, See what they trying to piss on me in his room. Amazing. He hum. I I very much respect both artists.


Drake actually named my album. It was good until it was and he shown me a lot of love over time. Like publicly, privately. So has Kendrick like he named that album? He did. Oh, we were having a conversation And I told him what I wanted to name it and then he was like, no, what's going on in life? And I told him and he was like, And I was like, yeah it was honestly it was good until it wasn't. He was like, if you don't use it as your album title, I am. And I was like, oh okay. Right. You're right. It is a very Drake album title. It is. I think it, it came down to if, if I'm on some west coast shit, I'm, I'm from the west. Like I know, I know what, how important this unity is of all of us. And I know how imperative this representation of us is. Like I love Kendrick. I, that's the only artist I've ever stood in a line and like waited to get something signed for when I was in high school.


Like soundtrack to my life. So I have no like personal entrances in anything. I'm just as a fan of the music. Music. What section? West Big West. West. Just musically though. What did You think of it? Just music Emini here we have to respect what we, what we saw, we saw. He didn't make it fun of us, us be people ever since though. Oh my god. Hilarious. So listen, when you sing not like Us, do you feel bad? 'cause it's so catchy. I have had moments where I was like in the club And I seen that it, it, it's a club thing And I was like damn, this is crazy. But I also remember every single big disc track in history being able to be played for massive groups of people gathering and it being a thing that everybody is like, I was too young for like the Ether era but like everybody talks about it and they're like, this was crazy.


It Was like this, this the club every night though Etha wasn't in the club. Yeah, it was More Emini here Back to back was in the club back to back. Was Back to back was in the club. Yeah. So as it is eras it is moments. Honestly I'm, I'm not in hip hop so I can't speak to the sport of it, but like it's a sport I guess You have a text Drake like, yo man, you did your thing. Nothing be ashamed about it. It was all good for No, I feel like he has real people around him who will hold them down And I feel like it's taken that moment to be like, Hey by the way, let me make sure you know I support you. Yeah, he's he's got his folks. Damn. Mm. You mentioned a tour. Are we getting a crash tour? Absolutely. I made this album two tours specifically. Like there was so many sounds where I was like, this is gonna be so fun to sing.


It's gonna be so fun to dance to. It's gonna be so fun to play with a band. So Absolutely. Well I think for me touring is the epicenter of my, like my career to the point where sometimes you don't even see, you can't even really tell what's going on with the music streaming and charting wise people are like, what? And then you come to the tour and it's these huge venues and people are like, I actually had no idea. Because when I look at how it's doing over there and it's just a classic example for me of like impact versus, you know, numbers. And my shows are huge. My shows are a blast. Everybody has a great time. Everybody feels safe, everybody has fun like that. That is what's important to me. So we're gonna do it again For sure. That's what's up.


Because by then I would've had my baby And I can get big high Or you miss it Very much. Okay. So yeah, I'm not like you girl. I'm gonna smoke. Okay. But enjoy But not backwards though. Yeah, No, The people. Yeah, that's good. You know? Yeah, I'm trying to, I'm starting to get off the backwards movement with all the friends. Just do and take care of yourself. You Don't like no plant-based medicines. I like CBDA lot. I like mushrooms. I ate a lot of mushrooms making this album. You might could tell there's some tripiness on here. Yeah, That one that you played me. Oh my god. Which one it was. Which what was that when she, oh my god. It sounds like a, oh my god. It sound like if we was, was what I want. No, It wasn't Ruth theory next to you. I Don't know, but he had played it And I was like, damn if I shrimp I'd probably be like, you talking about after hours on crazy?


No, not after hours. I can dance to that one, but this one just seemed like there some one, So I have no idea. I forgot. But he, he was playing it playing the whole album earlier, but it was one particular song I was like, oh yeah, I'm gonna get, can't wait to get out of listen to that. I Was probably on my mushrooms when I made it first. Yeah, That's Up. Are you, are you aware of like the journey in life that you're going through? And if so, what? What era would you define this? This era? So comparatively to where I was at with my last album, I feel like my last album I had reached the ending of what was like toxic positivity and like toxic spirituality, like almost psychosis of being like really in my like and not accepting that.


Also what comes with that is like they're really getting into your shadow and really getting into also like every single part of myself And I now I'm in this, I feel like this era is just really standing in it. I feel like I'm down to be whatever everybody thinks I am for the first time in my life. I'm not over here trying to prove anything different. I'm not over here like I, I don't care to clear up anything. I don't care to address anything. I have nothing to say about any of that. If you think I suck, let's do it. If you think I'm a terrible person, let's do it. If you think I'm the best person in The World, thank you. I appreciate you. And I think that that truly speaks to the, what you were saying about how different I feel is that I'm settled in a way where I'm so at peace with who I know I am and my court foundation that it's not gonna be rocked by anything else going on.


Yeah, I love that. Damn Kay. Great answer Kada. Thank you. Well the album crash is out now. Yeah, what you wanna hear don't say after albums. We play that already. So what you wanna hear besides that play? That Play. Deep Emini here. Deep on site. That's A fun one. Deep. Alright, well let's get into deep right now. Make sure you pick up the album if you haven't got it already. And congratulations on everything. Thank you. I love, I love the fact that you just happy, you just look happy. The most important thing. That's right. I'm happy that you are in a place of peace. That right? Thank you. I'm super happy. Well, it's Kalani, ladies and gentlemen. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Y'all. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


At&t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne to God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your team to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.