
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today. Available Feature BS is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


How crispy are the new deli me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Wake That ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Come on now we have Sarah Jake Roberts. Welcome. Thank you. How, How you Feeling? I feel good. I'm a little tired, but I'm glad to be here. Okay, good. You always dressed to the nines? I'm trying to. So you got a stylist? I do. Okay. Okay. Jason Bowling. Yeah. We've been working together for almost 10 years. Okay. I thought you was just praying and putting it together yourself. Oh, Praying Together. But the new book Power Moves ignite your confidence and become a force. Mm. Where did the inspiration for the book come from? It really started about five years ago.


Whenever I'd finished speaking, people would always tell me like, that was so powerful. You're so powerful. But I didn't really feel powerful, like I'd be in the fight of my life up there. Mm. And I started just asking God, like, what does it mean to truly be powerful? And I feel like God just revealed to me that it has so much to do with obedience and authenticity. But not only that, that power is a flow. And so what makes me powerful when I'm preaching is different than what makes me powerful as a mother. So I started digging into the fluidity of power. And this notion that Power Moves and embracing that from season to season really started resonating with me. I Saw you preaching yesterday and you said something to the extent of con, being in control is not, is not power control is not power.


Yeah. What, What, what did That mean? Okay. So whenever we lose our sense of safety, I think our initial response is to try and control as much as we can after that, instead of really surrendering to whatever the moment is trying to teach us and discovering the power, the wisdom, the lessons in that, we control it. And as a result of that, we end up closing ourselves out, not just from whatever God's trying to teach us in the moment, but sometimes dynamic relationships that can be helpful to us. And so balancing this idea of vulnerability and openness so that power can flow through us, I think should be the goal of anyone who really wants to affect change in The World. Mm Mm I I do have a question. This is gonna sound stupid, but I just want people to understand, you know, where you came from and, and how you got into faith.


I know you were here last time. Yeah. So for people that's No, She's never been in the studio. Yes. She has. No, it was, it was during the pandemic Zoom. It was in Zoom. It Was Zoom. So for people that don't know, they, they automatically assume that your dad was in, is into religion. That's what got you into it. But you had a, a different start with you. So let's talk about that a little bit first. So how did you start and how did you get to where you at now and, and the fact that you had your first child at 14 and let's, let's break that all down for people. And he's in the studio. He's in like a grown man. That's right. He's a grown man. I want With a full beard Full. He's Don't give him that much gas. He don't need that. That's, He's, that's a child over there. Yeah. So my dad has been in ministry my whole life and growing up when I was growing up in church, like we were at church every single day of the week.


And you either found a spot, you were in the choir, you were dancing, you were doing something, or you were like, me and you were sitting in the corner somewhere. And I can remember my siblings telling me like, you gonna go to hell? Like, you can't shout on me. Jesus, you can't clap. Like you gonna go to hell. And I was like, you might be right. Because what I'm listening to on the radio, like what's resonating with me, it doesn't align with what's being preached. And so I never really felt like I had a sense of belonging within faith. And then when my father's ministry kind of took off, I didn't know where I fit within the dynamic of our family at all. And so I tried to find myself a 13-year-old trying to find herself is gonna be open to anything. And so I got pregnant at 13.


I had my son at 14, which just further confirmed to me, like, you not one of the good girls. And so I spent probably 10 years of my life just being like, all right, faith isn't for me. You, God's not for me. I'm gonna figure out what's happening outside. And I got to this space after this traumatic experience in my first marriage where I almost got arrested And I was defending the right to keep my kids. And I was like, I have tried literally everything. I might as well just try faith. And I wasn't trying to build a platform, I was trying to build myself. And I started blogging about all of my experiences. And it turns out that there were like other women who felt maybe forgotten by church, felt like because they didn't fit.


Did you feel that way? Like, especially 'cause your dad was in ministry. Did you feel like his church forgot about you? Especially that being your dad? And It's hard, like, knowing what I know now, it's hard to say because I felt so much shame from having a teen pregnancy that I'm sure that there were people who were like still loving on me. But I couldn't cut through the idea of like, during purity culture, the height of purity culture, you done got pregnant, right? Like this, it just doesn't align. And I don't know, 'cause even my father is surprised that my life has turned in this direction. So I'm not sure if anyone thought that I was gonna be the girl talking about Jesus, but I tried it for myself And I started sharing it with like these other misfits. And it turns out there were a lot of us, like back row churchgoers who were there because we had to be but didn't fit in.


And I was able to give them a voice and a language through trying to find my own voice and language. And it's resonated with them. What, what Level of ratchet were you on a scale? Or like when the illa Well, Illa The illa. Well, at the end of the day, the day's gotta end. I don know. I don't, I don't even know how to answer that question. Yeah. But Emini here, I I was not, I was not outside. I was not trying to be the good girl at all. Like, I embrace this idea of like, you can just do your own thing and try anything. So Emini here, I did quite a few things. It, It is interesting to hear you say the bishop was surprised to see how things turned out because I'm sure him, and you know, the first lady was praying over you and asking God to turn you around.


I'm sure it would make sense, right? Yeah. But Emini here, I have always been very strong-willed. I've always been my own person. And so I think that they were praying, but just like we praying, we like, I, I don't know if you gonna answer this prayer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll see how it happens. I don't think that they were for sure knowing that things were absolutely gonna turn around. Even if they did turn around, I don't think anyone anticipates like, oh, she's going be in ministry. Because that's not necessarily a turnaround. Like maybe she'll figure out who God is. But this fact that she's also gonna be in ministry and helping others, that was a wild card. Nobody saw coming. Mm. I I do have a, a question, and this is something that we, we talk about a lot of. Pam, me and my wife been arguing about this, well not arguing about having a conversation about this. I feel sometimes when, especially when people play with the church, right?


And I, and I'll tell you why I say play with the church, they come off like very church holier than thou. Right? So when they speak, a lot of people actually believe it and listen because they feel like they study, they go through it, they read the Bible, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But also you realize that person is not a good person. So where do you cross the lines of somebody? I would say taking on an assignment, doing something positive. I think you spoke about it earlier. Somebody giving the message opposed to who they are as a person. Like can somebody give a message and be a effed up person? Yeah. Emini here a broken clock is right twice a day. You know what Emini here, you don't even have to be a Christian to say something that could be profound and deep, but that doesn't change the fact that you have an opportunity to be more fully integrated in your character.


But I think that the messages that resonate the most are from people who are literally walking it out, living it out. And so it does discredit the message sometimes when you're telling me something that you don't live by. But I think about it like this. So I'm a parent and now that my children are moving into adulthood, I recognize that many of the things that we have told them growing up, they're also realizing that I am figuring it out with them as well. And I don't know that it's a lot different in ministry. Like this is where the goal is. I think we all know where the goal is, but I'm still working it out too. I think where people get in trouble is that they're not actually doing the work. Like I'm telling you that this is the goal And I'm doing the exact opposite of it, which is why I've tried to be really intentional about being authentic.


Like I'm going through depression, I'm going through an anxiety. This is what I'm learning in the midst of that. Because it doesn't serve me for me to come off as your God when we all need the same one. So I try to really make sure that I'm not on a pedestal. I try to kick the pedestal down. Like you see a preacher, a preacher will be preaching, right? And then he's cheating on his wife. Yeah. Or a preacher will be preaching and then he's hitting his wife. You know what, Emini here. So it's kind of, it's like a blurred line. Like That's not a blurred line though. That's Emini here. That's not like, that's wrong. That's wickedness. You know what Emini here. Like that's, but how do You, how do you preach? You went to the extreme just now though. Yeah. Emini here, but like cheating on his wife or hitting his wife. You see that a lot of time you'll see a preacher say, I'm sorry I cheated on my wife. You, you see that in the church sometimes. Mm.


None of my preachers. But you do see that. So when you see that it's, it's kind of difficult to uphold a preacher and you be like, is this whole ish bullshit? Are we just playing this game? Or, or do you really feel that way and really made a mistake? You, you understand what I'm saying? Well, Emini here, I, I can't judge someone's heart And I can't judge their experiences. So I'm a little hesitant to really make a judgment on situations like That. I'm not, I'm not saying anybody in particular. If anybody's listening, there's nobody in particular. Yeah. Well, you know, people, I don't, I don't know anyone either who's going through this, but I think people infer a lot. But I will say this like preachers are human. So if you are who you are and you can cheat on your wife and a preacher can cheat on his wife, like he's a man too. She's a woman too.


And so you guys are still gonna have the same areas of temptation that you need to overcome. I think your response to that, like what is my response? How do I grow from here? How do I create boundaries? Do I need to sit down? Do I need to heal? Like I think how you handle your humanity in the face of this divine call is what's most important. I am careful that pastors don't have a license to do whatever they want to because of the power they hold. Correct. I think that you can be human, but all of us need to be trying, stretching, growing to be more like Jesus. Yeah. Or we are up here playing. I'm not asking you to be perfect. I'm asking you to really be on this walk for real. That's right. Who's this white pastor you talking about? Because My black Pastors don't cheat.


And does he listen to The Breakfast Club? That's right. I wanted, 'cause you are a mother of six. Yes. And you are busy, extremely busy with your podcast and then you writing a book and then traveling. How do you balance that? Like motherhood? I know you said your children are growing into adulthood, but how do you balance that? Well, yeah. And I feel for you because you got a lot going on. Yeah. I think it's the message of this book, I think it's really allowing myself to like flow in a different definition of power. Yeah. Based off of each of those roles. Because as much as I wanna bring the same intensity to everything I do, if I do that, I may end up damaging my children because I'm talking to them like a business partner.


And so really defining for myself, what does it mean to be powerful in these specific roles? And how much capacity do I have to show up in that space? Asking for help, you know, changing and modifying my life to really fit my priorities has done a lot. And then also just making sure my kids know, like, I'm tired. So my daughter is eight. She was devastated when I left yesterday. Yeah. She was like, please don't leave me. Literally. She's like, can you please come home, man? And I'm like, I just need this one week to get this book in as many hands as possible. And then mommy will be home. But I'm unpacking to her like, you know, you do this well, I'm doing this. So she understands that sometimes absence does not mean that I don't care. Yeah.


And it's a balancing walk. Especially I think if you have mom guilt like I do sometimes. Yeah. But I also want her to see a woman walking in her purpose and being excited about it and changing lives. So I share testimonies with her too. I'm like, let's sit down and read these comments from this weekend. Thank you for being a part of this. So she feels a part of it as well. Okay. 'cause my, my son is 12 now. Yeah. But I miss like a lot of him, like a lot of him being, going from grade to grade, you know? 'cause my mom, between my mom and his dad, that's who has him. Yeah. I was touring a lot before I actually got to do this. Yeah. And I just feel so guilty a lot sometimes like, ugh. And now I have this new baby and I'm like, I'm bringing him up to Jersey with me and he wants to grow up in the house with the baby instead of me being in Jersey with the new baby with, you know, and then him still being with my mother.


Like, And I don't want to repeat that. Right, Right, right. I don't Wanna do that again. So I feel Guilty. So I had my son at 14 And I think one of the things that makes me feel most guilty is that I know that I was growing up while he was growing up. And so the way that I'm able to be present, even for my younger kids, I know that he didn't have that. So I think one, I don't know if you have to deal with this, but I had to really forgive myself for what I didn't know when I was raising him. Yeah. You know, I just, I didn't know I did the best that I could and to trust that I still have opportunity. If you think about adult children who are wounded from relationships that didn't go well with their parents, they're still a little kid inside of them.


Yeah. That wants their parent to show up, that wants to experience healing in that space. And so it reminds me too that I'm never out of time. So I'm constantly still re-parenting him even at 21 years old. Gotcha. You know, in the, in the clamp down chapter, you start by saying, if you're one of those people who know better and instantly do better, I'm probably gonna be the friend who you roll your eyes at constantly. Why? Why are you that friend? Because things need to marinate from me. Like I don't just activate things like you could tell me like, you need to be vegan And I will, I'm going to let that marinate for a year or two before that actually activates. Because I don't do things just because someone says that I should do them. It has to be real. I have to have a conviction about it. But I will marinate it so I can figure out like, how does this revelation actually fit within the context of my life?


So in the back of the books, each book has like something to marinate on, something to activate and something to pray on. 'cause I know everyone moves into change differently. I, I love the marinating before activating, but I feel like that's probably how the majority of us move. But is there ever a time we shouldn't marinate before activating? Like the spirit says, do it. We just Go mm Emini here to each his own. I think if you feel I'm not into telling folks what they should do, you know what Emini here, like I think if you feel like there's a a now on it, you should do that. You should move in it now. And a lot of times when we move in it now we learn the marination lessons afterwards. You know,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Roshel, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus, what if your products had thousands of five star reviews? Where natural and affordable, well say hello to DIME Beauty. DIME Beauty is clean, high-end skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to DIME Beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's DIME Beauty co.com code get dime for 20% off.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com And live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


But yeah. So what about the spirit though? Like the spirit says move like the spirit always tells you to be patient and marinate. Emini here I'm in relationship. I think she S snatch your wig off on stage. You didn't marinate on on that. I didn't Have a choice. She didn't match Up and it's coming off and she got Tired of didn. I didn't have a choice. Yeah, I didn't have a choice that, oh lord. I know. But yeah, no, no, I had, I was in the spirit in that I had a mission to accomplish And I didn't want anything to distract me. And my husband wasn't there, my parents weren't there. So it wasn't like I was gonna be able to toss the microphone. I was the, you know, senior leadership person that was present in that room. And so I had to take it off.


I didn't love it, I didn't enjoy it, but I stood up to it. And I think it was really interesting 'cause I was going through something at that time where I was wondering could I be in Dallas, a part of senior leadership, like with my past, with the way that I preach, with the way that I'm a little different than I guess traditional pastors. And I really did feel like God was trying to tell me like, just be authentic. Just trust yourself in that season of my life. And so that Sunday when I'm sitting there with a wig cap on, and then other women started taking their wigs off on the altar, I was like, you know what? I think this maybe God trying to tell me, you gonna have to show up as your full self in order to get this done. And I know a lot of people made fun of it, but there were so many people who were like, seeing you stand there, being courageous, stepping into that moment helped me so much to just embrace who I am.


And so I really feel like God took something that would've been very embarrassing and at least allowed there to be a buffer from the people who were moved by that moment. Mm. For Us, at least for me, I was like, that's why we rock with her. A lot of people said that, but you're just always willing to be your true self at all times. Well Emini here, like, y'all know this isn't my hair. And like, no, it's not ideal, but it's not more important than what I'm here for. That's right. So like, I'm gonna take it off and we're going to move on down the road. When I got back behind the platform that I was like, oh Lord, I have desecrated the potter. There are bundles on the altar. I have desecrated this place. But yeah, it just turns out it wasn't that way. I love chapter 16 too. Know your harm. Oh yeah.


What is, what is knowing your harm? Well, I talk about the oath that doctors take where they say, you know that they'll do no harm, but they're also recognizing that they're practicing. And when we move in power, part of the reason why so many of us don't move in power is that we're afraid that we won't do it perfectly or that we'll make mistakes. But if we can embrace the reality that I'm going to be powerful and humble, I'm going to be wrong. I'm gonna have to apologize, I'm gonna mess up. I may say things too sharply, then that doesn't make me any less powerful. As a matter of fact, it makes me more powerful because I recognize that my position of power could disrupt my relationship sometimes. But I value these relationships enough to learn how to be powerful in a way that honors the spaces that I'm in next time.


Hmm. What's your, what's your thought on the way that church is now? Right. As a kid you had to go to church every Sunday. You had to be in the building, you had to sit there. And if there was a a baptism, you was gonna be there all day. Now a lot of people turn it on Sunday morning and it's, it's a lot easier. So what are your thoughts on people not actually attending the institution of church? First of all, y'all not about to tie tripping me. We gotta ask you about Ty. No You don't. No you don't. Let's be very clear. Let me see. I Emini here. I think that The World is changing and as The World changes, I think people are finding things that are more convenient for them. And I do think that you are able to have intimate encounters with God from this comfort of your own home.


And I think it's powerful that that's the way that things are being spread. I think it's like watching a football game on ho at home. Like you can get hyped, you can be excited for your team, but there is something about being in the room with other people that makes you just take things over the edge. I was surprised that in a world where people aren't coming to church, that we have 40,000 women at the Woman Evolve conference. 'cause I'm like, I don't know that this is a thing that people are gonna really be into when they like virtual experiences. But there is something that happens in healthy community and connection that allows your faith to really be strengthened. I've had people come into rooms and like they didn't really wanna be there. Somebody drug them in there. They were going through a depression. They don't even know why they were there. But just being in the space, sitting next to someone who was able to care for them and just being surrounded by worship, lifted their spirits when they couldn't lift their own hands.


And I don't think that there's any substitute for that. But you also keep it tight though. One hour. That's, let's Go tell you something. I don't Yeah, it's, it's finished. He said it. Everything, everything he said has been said to me. And so now we can go home and have brunch. Yeah. I do think we have to honor people's time because people do have options. And so being really intentional about making sure people feel like I can go get out and have the rest of my day is part of what we should really lean into. Is, is the, is the church whack? That's the question. That's the question you wanted. That was the question. That's what T got smoke for because he said that he thinks the church has become whack. I think it's a system now.


Oh god. It's a system. Everything is a system and systems work with or without God. So I think the institution of church is whack. I think how church is ran is whack. I think the religious system and structure is whack. I don't subscribe to it, even though I grew up in it. I benefited from it. But I learned that God is not the church. I heard in context what he said. Context made a lot more sense. I agree. But I heard the soundbite was trash. Yes. I think that everyone has a different experience of church And I think that there are some people who have probably had an experience that has disheartened them in that way. But I love the church Emini here.


As much as I went through my own church hurting trauma, the church was also really beautiful to me in times where I didn't have anywhere to go And I could sit in that presence and experience God. And sometimes to really experience God in church, you have to look past the people. And maybe that's why, maybe it's not because maybe it keeps our focus on what should really matter. I I love, I love what you said too about in the Know your harm. You said deflecting from the way that you harm someone and highlighting the way that they harm instead is a sign of immaturity that keeps you from truly being powerful. Expound on that. Well, a lot of times we will not embrace what we did to someone because of what they've done to us.


And it keeps us from owning our stuff and growing. And so being able to say, even though my teacher may not be perfect, like my teacher may have failed in chemistry, but they get an A plus in this history class. That means that I need to at least be able to receive from them this opportunity to grow. And I feel like in relationships, that's hard, especially if you married. 'cause when you're married, your person brings up something and you like, oh, but last week you did X, Y, and Z, but what did you do today? You know? And how can you own that? And I think when we own our stuff, we give other people permission to, to do it as well. Sometimes we want to be the person who receives the apology, but not the one who gives it. But we have to lead in humility and vulnerability. You said that's how you and to Ray were initially right?


Where like you Weren't listening? Oh no. Yeah. No. Throwing everything at throwing, yes. His stuff at him all the time. Well, I don't know if I was throwing his stuff at him as much as I was maybe reciting it in my own head. But I think I will say that when I was single, after I went through my divorce, I finally got my life together. It was me and my two kids. I, you really could not tell me that I was not miss independent out here. So I really went into our relationship with a certain level of pride where I was like, at the end of the day, I got my stuff together. I finally love who I am and embracing it. And so when I was in relationship with him, and he would just ask me the simplest of questions. We weren't even fighting. It would just be like, why why'd you do that? I, I didn't like that. 'cause I'm not used to having nobody question my decision.


And it was a simple harmless question. And so I think that I went into a defensive one because I wanted to protect my healing. And when you're in a marriage and you go into it trying to protect yourself and make sure that you don't get done the way that you were done in the past, I don't know that it's fair for creating intimacy. And so I had to do a lot of work of receiving his perspective and finding it valuable so that I could become better And I have become better as a result of it. Mm. Yeah. What does, what does power look like in a relationship? Oof. Those dynamics are always changing. I think especially now that we see, you know, hyper masculinity is being beginning to be interrogated. We're seeing women move into positions where sometimes they're the breadwinners and men are at home being more comfortable taking care of the family.


I think power in a relationship is recognizing the strengths of what your person carries and how that strength builds you in your area of weakness without feeling like they have to be strong or stronger in the same area that you're strong. I think it's like this symbiotic relationship, this flow where you're able to build a life together because both of you bring something different to the table. And to honor that, to really honor it is important. You said something else in the book, you said, when you are unable to connect the dots between who you, since you could become and who you presently are, it doesn't just cause internal frustration, it renders you powerless. And one of the examples you use is you don't defend yourself when misunderstood.


Yeah. And, and to me not feeling the need to explain yourself is power. Well, I think not explaining yourself and not defending yourself. And I, I think it's different 'cause you have a platform and so you can't defend yourself 24 7. But when we're in intimate relationships with someone and they have an expectation of who we are or this idea of who we are, and we don't change that, we allow them to believe it, we do end up powerless because I'm not even bringing the full version of who I am into this friendship, into this parent child dynamic. And you end up robbing yourself of the ability to really show up in your power and allow them to believe something about you that's not true.


And so it is powerful to be like, you got me messed up. Like, that's not what I believe. That's not what I think. And if we're gonna walk this thing out, I want you to know who I am for real, so that you can know what to expect from me. Okay, gotcha. So you talking about intimate relationships? Yeah. A public figure. I'm like, I'm not defending nothing. I Yeah, it's hard. It's hard for me. We know she has to go. I know she has TV or something, but I know she has to go. So damn What you're doing is, is telling them the book they're not gonna buy. If you asking all the questions about the book, making her basically recite the book, You should pray that her, your bob looks like hers. That's what you should. Wow. Now why is my bob in it now? My mom is sitting here minding her Business.


You should pray he could get here and tell. That's like when she pulled her wig off because it reminded him. I see. I you I would dressing room Girl, you just keep on answer her questions over to him. So you forcing me to see, well, can you leave us with A prayer? Yeah. Well, no. What message are you hoping people get from the book? Oh, the message that I am hoping people get from the book is that power is a flow and that power that you have experienced in your past is still present in your future. It just must, it just might be taking on a different form. So to be open to how power is being redefined in your present.


Mm. Well now can you leave us on a prayer? Thank you God, for this opportunity, for this platform. Thank you for using these voices at this stage in their life. And I'd usually pray for the listeners, but God, I'm gonna pray for them that you would stir up the gift of God that's on the inside of them. That you would highlight the areas of their life where you want them to experience more of your power and to show them the power that you've placed inside of them. I thank you God for giving them wisdom strategy, not just for their careers, but for their family, their emotional health and wellness. And God, I pray that you would continue to show them your light, that they may lean into it In Jesus name.


Amen. Amen. That's right. Make sure you go get Sarah, Jake Roberts new book, Power Moves, ignite your confidence and become a force and subscribe to her podcast, the Woman of All podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. That's right. We, we appreciate you for coming Ms. Roberts. Thank you. And you need to come more often for people who think church is whack. 'cause you, the person that I feel like is gonna bridge the gap between, you know, church in this new generation. Yeah, I hope so. I really feel that way. I Hope so. Thank you. That's, that's a tremendous honor. A lot of responsibility. But I'm committed to, you know, holding down my square. That's Right. All right. Sarah Jakes Roberts. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, RO, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two Shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.