
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Morning, It's DJ Envy. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess Hilarious. Our guest co-host. Yep. And we got a special guest in the building. Sexy raid. What's up girl? What's up? How Are you? First of all, you pregnant? You blowing up but you still gotta work. So how you feeling this morning? Tired as fuck, man. You know I'm tired Too early. Then your doctor say relax and take it easy. You ain't been listening. Nope. I've been seeing you. You been working, traveling, doing shows, videos. Every time I go to the doctor they be like, you still working? You need to sit down. They always Tell me, do you feel like you gonna miss the moment if you don't, you know if you No, I gotta get, I can't stop work. I gotta get this money. Yeah, work. Don't stop.


'cause you, Brittany. Absolutely. Well when you came in here, I, I spoke to you and the first thing you said was No, you can at least look at me. She don't Wanna look at you. For real. You ain't gotta mess with me. But you can look, Walk in and say, Hey Charlemagne, DJ Envy just said hello to you. Like Sneak And I yo I was gonna say a damn from Her head. I miss you, miss. Oh, I see you. No. Yeah, no. I spoke to her and she said, I don't mess with you Jess. And I said, why? She said, could you be sneak this? I said, all right, tell me what's wrong. Tell me about it. What's up? I don with you All. Let me know why you Be sneaking. All right. How do you feel like I sneak this. I be, I see everything. I was trying to make sureand. Y'all wouldn't sneak this before I came up here too. Well we Sneak this. I check everything.


I don believe I ain't nothing. We Ain't find she talking about me. What, what Sneak do Like for real be I'm telling you. For real. I'm asking you Ms. She dunno. No. Alright, look, because I don't agree with everything because I don't agree with, I don't this, I don want somebody bring me up. I just don't like being brought up. Especially when people talk shit and all that. Like, I don shit. I Shit Jeff A comedian too now. No, no Charlamagne let me handle this. So What So, because I don't agree with everything, I'm sneak this in. I've never said I didn't like you. I never, I listened to you. This is not, ain't why I gotta Ain't ain't one or twice. Like I I just be hearing shit. Like I be seeing shit on the internet. Right.


Like what? 'cause I've never disrespected you. I don't Know, I just know like once somebody rub me wrong, I just, it's Just Okay. What did you say, Jess N nigga? I, I, I don't agree with everything. Nobody Emini here. Everybody do. I don't agree with everything. That don't mean that I don't like her music. That don't mean I don't like her. She, she's being honest. She don't mess with me but I'm telling her what I'm asking her what specifically that I say that make you not mess with me. Have You eaten yet this morning? No. See, I don't want you to be angry 'cause you ain't eat. I brought my food. You got a microwave? We do have a microwave. You got microwave in the back. I knew y'all was gonna have a microwave shit. But do you, do you, every time you do an interview, do you look up what the guest hole says before you walk in there? Because you said you looked this up Too. Yeah, because I don't play like that. Yeah.


People always talking about me so I just gotta make sure like she be in the clear That come with the territory though. Yeah. Yeah. You a big celebrity. I don't play them kind of games though. Okay. Let's see if we can get y'all on the same, same page before we leave here. I'm Just trying to ask like what specific said. It's a lot of people that talk shit about her go to her registry. Yes. There's a lot of people that do. I'm not one of them that talk shit about her, But go to her registry, maybe put something on the buy something from the registry. Of course. But that's not what she want. That's not what she need. I'm trying to fi I'm dead as Swear. I'm Serious. I'm trying to figure it out. Y'all Both comedians, you know what I'm saying? Y'all both young women from the hood. We all That's what I'm saying. So why is you doing all that? Like that's what I'm what she doing?


What you did? What Did she do? When I go home I'll find it for y'all. I Don't even, you just Know what it's, you just don't remember. Yeah. Oh, maybe I do remember. I ain't gotta bring it up though. I just know. Let me Google, let me see. All right. You gonna really Google it? He Gonna chase. I just wanna see It be a couple times I done seen you comment under something under Instagram that got something to do with me. Like I just be like, why, why did she keep Chase? But I have never, it, it's never, I seen You on her talking about me before. So y'all trying to like crazy. Yeah. I report on you all the time. I report. That's What I'm saying. You're always in the media whether it's something good or something bad sexy. Like, like come on Emini here. If somebody was downing you, you wouldn't fuck with them either.


I down you. Yeah. Oh my God. No. Jess, come On you fuck Emini here. You, you plan too much. Y'all. I I'm being serious because I I don't agree with everything. Like she say, like for instance, I remember I reported on when somebody asked her what is on your bucket list? And she said to fuck a lot of niggas. I don Don't remember saying that. Yeah. Because I been fucked a lot of niggas so I understand that. But that, that's on I don Video. I don I don't remember that. I Don't remember That. No. I don remember that video. I saw that. Yeah, You Showed me the video. Right now you I swear, I swear. I swear I do remember that. Actually I'm not gonna make nothing. Matter fact Was close. Who? And he's, he's a Cameraman. He's a cameraman. We know. And he, he asked me And I swear I wanna see he Asked you, you were signing the autograph.


She was doing a meet and greet and he asked you, he said, I don't do meeting. How much Can I get if I find The video? She was something she was doing or she was signing something for some kids. Hold on now. Hold on now you talking Guys. That was, I be lying. She was signing something And I remember she said that you said she'd be lying. I think that was behind the scenes. No it wasn't. Come on sexy. Come on. It didn't. I think that was behind the scenes Beef me because I, I don't Beef with I'm not, I don't down you you Do. The only thing I don't serious, the only thing you reported when, remember when she performed at the high school, remember we performed in high school. People were giving her flack for that. I didn't, I Never said anything about we didn't, I didn't perform in our high school. Yeah. I never now you came To pull up the high school to give back and people were mad at that. Exactly. But we, but we supported Juda there. So Love to Perform but we supported ju for that perform.


I know Haw performed at a high school. No, we Supported, we supported, we supported Sexy Red for that. Remember she went to high school to get back here. It Was Prime. I gave a boys haircut, cut her The girls bundles. Yeah. We supported you for that one. Trying to think what else it is. I don what I'm saying. Like I always get backlash. I'm just trying to be nice. And Then, and then under comments, I still never disrespected you under comments. You Did sexy. I see every, I remember everybody's faces. Right. I remember You should. So you knew when you saw Jessica liar, you ain't wanna say nothing to her? Yeah, I ain't even know she was gonna be here today. Oh, you wouldn't have came Emini here. I would've I was gonna say, come on. Yo. I would've still came. Alright. I just ain't know. Let's, let me ask you something. Did anybody try to talk you outta having the baby because of the way your career is going?


Damn. Who was it? The label or the Nah, my Level said I'm grown. Like the choices Yours? Yeah. Was was the baby planned? Yo, you, I can't ask you no Questions. Yo, was the baby planned? Exactly. Was the baby planned? Exactly. I can't ask you, you. No, I can't ask you no questions. That's exactly right. Was the baby planned? I just Him like he, yo, I got some questions like for real. Just answer. Look over there. Answer him. But shit. Oh, you ain't gotta look at me. I feel you Was the, was the baby planned? Ms. Xray kind and kind of not. Okay. Emini here. I was shocked when it happened but I I wanted another baby though At this time. Or you was gonna wait or Emini here. I ain't know my career was fitting to take off like that. But I did want a baby. 'cause my son, he already three so I'm like, I want another Baby.


When did you realize your career was taking off? At what point did you say, oh shit, we got something When I first dropped Pound 10 Downtown. But I remember back in 2018 when you red Vanessa Carlton's a thousand miles. You know you did a thousand jugs. That's, that's like the first thing that you really did. That got you like on the map though, right online. Charlamagne says that Yo did, You did this Vanessa Carlton, you did this thing called a thousand Jugs, Which they didn't even know about. I, I did my research on you. Like who I wanna do you Really like you that I'm tripping. I'm like Emini here. I ain't had no problem with her at first. I used to laugh at her little videos and all that. She ain't funny no more. And I understand They Go your little videos.


She Not videos you your little video. That ain't fair though. You thinks somebody funny. No, I'm sorry. It's all good. But Can they not funny when they get on you a little bit? It, it, it's all good. I didn't get on her a little bit. I just don't agree with everything she's saying, dude. That's all. All right. Who, who is Janae Sexy? Who is Jana? Who is Janae sexy? I don't know. Oh my god. Who is Janae? Jess. Who is Janae Jess? I don't know that person. Any more questions? Jess? Your real name. All right. Do you still live in St. Louis? What is life like in St. Louis? Like now? Sexy. Used to live in St. Louis. Do you still live in St. Louis? Sexy Ray? Yes.


You do? I'm just went, nah, I stay in Miami but I be in St. Louis, Louis. Okay. When they tried to talk you outta having a baby, what did you say to them? I'm like, I don't like when people do stuff like that. 'cause if I'm happy about my baby then I don't need nobody in my ear like boy to aborted. Like, like I ain't like that. Especially For a career. I, you know what, Emini here? Yeah. Like I still got a whole life to live. Like what? I don't do this for nobody. This for me. Were you inspired by other people who like, you know, like Cardi or really Cardi Who, who said I choose the child over? No, I ain't think about none of that. It is my life. I don't live for other people. I really don't. I do what I wanna do. Who who Did you listen to growing up? Like who inspired you?


Yo, you still, can you please just look at me one time? Sexy rap. Who inspired you growing up? Who inspired you? Like who you listen to, who inspires your style of music? Like, I wanna know who Inspired, who inspired Your style of music? Sexy Red. I like Project Pad. Hey, Now we talking my language now I like three Cs Mafia. I like Booy. I like we B, Gucci, chief Keith, people like that. Okay. You said Busi was like your twin, right? Why? Why do you feel like that? Yeah, I seen y'all ask him about me too. I didn't say nothing bad. I just asked because you Said it. I just seen, yeah, I asked her. I had I I be having the clear stuff. Yeah. Did you have bully in school? No. I Who She don't, she don't like no bully?


Nah, I was the one cool where everybody, that's why I don't like when people be trying to come at me. 'cause I be like, I don't even be on all that. Jess, what did you do? I Don no nigga. I'm trying to What did you figure it Out? I do remember that video you talking about. I just don't know where it's at. You Still ain't found it though? Hold on. I'm gonna find it. Hold on. And I, I don And I Don't wanna stop talking because you ain't talking to nobody. It was an interview for being, It's an interview that, that she did. Where she well that you did. Oh, she looking at me. All right. It is a video that you interviewed that you did where you said the most romantic thing that ever happened to you that a guy has done is robbed somebody. Yeah. And then give you the money. Yeah. Why was that romantic to you? I did say something about that. Why Is that Romantic? Because he risked his wife. He risked his life. Okay.


What if you were the woman that he robbed? It was a Nigga though. It was? Huh? It was a Nigga that got Robbed. Robbed another Nigga. Oh damn. Okay. Why would it Be a girl? I Don't know. That's that's What I thought. Emini here niggas rob girls too. But it was a nigga. Yeah, it was a nigga. Okay. Emini here. Not saying like it was right 'cause it was a dude but Emini here. Like when you risking your life for me, That means something to you. All Right, cool. How much was it? I told you know how much it was. No, I ain't see that for Emini here. I saw this story but I ain't how much it was. How much was it? Don't worry about it. Can I ask you another S that belly itching too. Another One. Give us some lotion or something. Oh baby, it's lotion though. I was gonna You some she not gonna take no lotion.


Ain't this ain't mine. Wait, this is Charlotte MAs. I was, you know. So How did you and and Drake get so tight? 'cause he was real fuck with me. Like everybody fuck with me except Jess. No. So he was next to me, His name. I agree. Now that I I I, I I, I'm like damn everybody fuck with her except for Jess. How You meant to turn on You like that? That's your people. That's your guy. That's your Homie is crazy. See what I'm saying? I'm the one that was like, yo, when them niggas was like, oh she late, she ain't coming. I'm like, yo, she pregnant. Give her some time. She'll be here. I ain't hear that y'all, they was like, mom, I about to leave. Yo. She ain't coming nigga she coming. Jess said, I hungry. Let go. What? What?


You was like, no ain't coming. She ain't coming. I said No. She do like you though. That's what I'm, that's what I am tripping off the fact that I You do not like me. She don't follow me on Instagram. She be under post talking about me. I don't follow nobody. We don't Follow nobody talking. Follow These nigga. She follow me. Jess, I don't follow you. I don't follow none of them sexy. Come on Janae. I really don't know who you talking to now. Oh No Man. We randomly was talking about you the other day too. About what We was talking about. See People just be randomly talking About me. Wasn't bad bad. It wasn't bad. It wasn't bad at all Because I was telling her you was coming. Yeah. And I'm like, oh shit, I'm coming up there Thursday. Yeah. You just doing that to be messy. Don't want to be messy. Now She wanna see me. But you don't fuck with me on Instagram though.


Why you on crazy? Don't fuck with sexy. Right. Man, Sister is right there. I how do I She don't fuck with me from Yes I do. And I just, yeah. And I just wanted to a, I wanted to ask you is, is Janae worry the same person as I don't play They government names. All right. I feel you. All right, cool. Fuck it. You right. You might have warrants Jess. Right? I might got eviction on my name. You telling everybody my name? You can look Up somebody. This Is public Information. I don't An ev you ain't got no eviction. You don't know that. You know that. Alright. Oh Shit. More sexy. It Is. Okay. I want my stack Now. Who got the cash? What? Who got the cash? What You said the stack. You gotta be a woman in your work.


Let see I told you I was a liar. It's you don't lie. How good as me. But I do have the, I do have the clip. Let's see. They, they, they putting it in right now. Let me see. Show me the thing so I can see. Oh no I'm lying. This No, no. See what no I read it wrong. It says found the clip of just talking about sexy. What's, see what I'm saying? No I thought, I thought I tell that was behind the scenes. I was gonna say it Line Like It's On line. Did she, if she said something bad, I don't wanna hear it Ain't say nothing bad. I know you ain't say nothing bad. She did. I'm, I know Jeff ain't say Nothing. I know that for no reason. Like for real be honest. I don't know. No, no, no, No, no. To be honest, no I don't think you just coming up here and saying I'm I don person. No, no, no. I, I don't think that.


But what I do think that is, I think that it is so many other people that say it like far worse than what I say. I've never talked shit about you in this show. Fuck With them either. You're For one, you are a young black woman and you are a mother. You're from the hood as am I all of those things. You feel me? So I can't really say I don't like you. I can't even act like I don't like you 'cause I do. I just, I don't agree with everything you say and do. That's it What You don't agree with Then You the what you just said, you didn't even say and you did say you was like fuck a lot of niggas. I ain't say that though. You did say That. No, I did that. The scene a video. I'm Behind. Can you tell me what happened? Yes, it was, remember the camera man said he was, she was walking out the club?


No, I saw the video but he said he taped it. He never never put it out. I saw the video, he showed us the video. It never went out. And he never put it out because I don't even remember saying it. Right. But I know I wasn't playing. Said she was, I just told YI was a comedian. Yeah, right. No, I wasn't joking. It Never went out. He, he showed us the video. He was, she said she was being sarcastic. Right. I always, I troll people like people be trying to be funny and guess what? I'm gonna be funny right back with you. So that's why I asked you. She's a comedian. She's being Funny. She don't like me to say her name. That's why I asked you who is the real sexy red. Like, because obviously you do troll, you do say things that you know is gonna be controversial or people going. It's click, it's clickbait. You know what Emini here. And that's, that's what surrounds your name a lot. So I'm like who is sexy red behind Sexy red?


And she don't like me saying your government name. Who who is Sexy Red Behind Sexy Red? I'm just cool, nonchalant person. I really don't care about nothing. Yeah I don't. Yeah I don't. The babies. Yeah about them babies. Yeah. They the only thing I care about. Yeah, do And money do AKAs get mad at you 'cause you Just say ski? No, I ain't even know. That's what they be saying. People tell me and they like, they probably gonna use your song to dance. What does it mean? What? What is the meaning behind Ski? Ski? Can you apologize to me first Sexy Shit sexy. Oh shit. I apologize for offending you in any way. I do not have Beef with you. Okay. I just don't agree with everything you do and say but I do love you as an artist. I love you as a woman.


Right because I heard you listening to my songs and then that's right before and then that's when after Dancing to Woman And I seen you down talking on me. No ma'am. But you have to know Sexy Re you are a public figure now. People gonna have oh we have clip, we have clip that we big public figure don't start don't bring nothing. Don't start nothing now she just apologize. It's over. No Let's hear. She just, because just dunno what she apologizing for. Yes I do. I know every time I talk about her that's why I said yeah but it don't mean I don't like her And I never disrespect that There's people that be talking big shit about sexy and I'm like And they got it coming for sure You got some names, you got some people written out. I got a list for real On your list. It's a couple people on the hit list. Can I like not be on there? Yeah, Take Jess off. Just please with you don't want no smoke.


I was real happy to see I asked your pops smile. I like she She said could just be joking all that she's a comedian. You know she joking. No she was there sir. No She wasn't. Oh my god. She was on here talking about me before she Talk shit about all the time. Me, I don talk shit. That's what I'm saying. Just talk shit about y'all. Yeah, she Talk shit, shit about me all The time. I don't talk shit about her. She just stopped being mad at me two days ago. Yeah 'cause you be on some clowns. She cursed me out the other day. I don, I a voice Though. So, but that's not how I feel about her. That's I know y'all niggas, I don't know her so I can't really, I can't say she didn't do nothing for me not to like her. What? I Listen. Right. Okay, let's listen then let's listen, let's listen a Little while Back. Sexy Bread got a lot of attention for saying that She trusted the Wrong guy that gave her chlamydia twice.


And we noticed she shy about the details of her sex life. See what I'm saying? She told my video guy when he asked her a question about Your video guy, That that was the nigga who showed us the video. Remember I'm trying to see the video. I ain't, I Already seen her talking shit. Did I say that? Yeah, Go ahead. You got What's on your bucket list for this year? Get a lot of, You know what Yeah I play too much. But who would take that seriously? Yo, can I get that thousand though? Nope. Lexi. No, no you ain't Mind Now that you I told him I was a liar but Now that you used, you see what I said Like it ain't yo it wasn't like it wasn't, That's not the only clip though.


Damn. I thought that was the worst one. I've never, literally never said nothing. She apologized. Yeah. I ain't tripping no more. 'cause she, she's, she a Can we Start over? No. And and none of that is is But how do you, how do you expect people not to react to stuff like that though? And like she said she be playing and shit. You know what Emini here Man I ain't the first person to say some wild shit. So I just be like nah, you know I feel like everybody just be coming down on me like I don't even gotta say nothing. They just be coming. They be trying to talk about my looks like anything y'all do. They do. I have never ever came at her. Looks are nothing, never done that to you? No, not to you. You can never say that. I'm Just saying a girl in hill, I say look like sexy red around the eyes. She work here her what? What you mean around the eyes. You'll see if she walk in here she wear the same glasses because she Wear masks.


So she wear the same glasses that She, She can wear glasses every Like you look like sexy red around. So can we start over ladies? Everybody always say somebody look like me. Like yeah I ain't got time. Does it bother you? It clearly don't bother you. When they say you and thug are like brother and sister We Reposting. That's my, yeah That's my twin. Well Ladies and gentlemen Sexy Reds here. She has a album. Hot Hood Hottest Princess out tomorrow. Welcome. Can we start over now please? What out Tomorrow. Oh is out now. Can we start over please? Damn, What the hell? See I don on now. You messing ups. I don What? We had to start, we didn't had to start over because she I wanna start over. She wouldn't continue with me until I apologize. And I do apologize now we could just move forward. We ain't gotta start over. Y'all doing too much. You the one fucking up man. Yeah, Now you talking. They doing too much. You have to nigga to get on.


I can't beat the Light-skinned nigga all the time. So do you, do you know what gender the baby is? Nope. Nope. You don't wanna know yet? Nope. Okay. You don't believe in Baby Reveal? I feel like you'd have a fire agenda reveal. I was gonna have a fire agenda reveal but no I ain't gonna do all that. I ain't gonna do all that. Yeah. Why you didn't wanna do it? Just because it Just 'cause like it, I got too much going on like my life too busy. I ain't, my baby shower gonna be like last minute like right before I due so. Oh You happy sexy red? Like genuinely? Yeah. Okay. I'm happy. I love money. You gotta love money but, but do you, what does the baby, what does the baby Do? Do you love all of this that you gotta do to get it though? February. February. Oh February. Do you love all of this you gotta do to get it? No. That's what You want. Like I'm tired.


I'm tired and then I'm always busy. It just be too much. Have you adjusted to the fame of it all? No. 'cause I still be saying shit they like, you know they gonna take that and twist it. Like I don't be knowing what to say and what else saying and like I just still feel like I'm just a regular, you know, I don't be feeling like I'm no celebrity. Yeah. And when people be putting cameras in my face I be like why is they doing all that? Like they be like this what? Come with it. I don't be with all that though. Yeah. Was you really fucking Drake? That was another thing I saw when they asked you about Drake. You was like, I be fucking, we be fucking, Oh no see that's I'm saying I be playing playing. How you supposed to know when you playing sexy red? It don't matter Y'all. They take, I feel like people take the internet too serious. That's why I be messing with y'all like yeah play with y'all heads.


Like I like that y'all not gonna really know what's going on. Y'all just, y'all believe anything y'all. I see. I don't believe everything I see on internet, I be like man that's real. This gotta be fake. I be like man I don't believe this shit until I see the proof. Then I'll be like okay, I believe in it. I believe that because you don't even like hell cats for real who Don't? Yeah I do. I don't believe you. Why Not? Because Why? You told me you lie all the time. So why should I believe you from now on? You don't like hell? I do. I tell the truth but like, you gonna know when I'm lying. That's what I, but see I tell people when I'm lying I be like, yo, believe me, even when I'm lying and when I lie I like to tell people I'm lying. See I just told you I was lying about that. Sta Okay, what Hell, I'm too to you. What the hell are we talking about? So look What a lot, go ahead. What a lot of eyes on you. That's what you know, you, you basically, you know you have a lot of like your fan base done grown so much.


You got high school, middle school, a bunch of, you know, a bunch of kids looking up at you. Do you, do you have feel a way about seeing little kids online reciting your lyrics or like, you know a lot for this past Halloween, a lot of moms dress their daughters up as sexy red, you know? How do you feel about, does that make you feel a way or it's like, 'cause you're not obligated to be anybody's role model. Yeah. But do you feel a type of way about It? No, I feel like that's, that's what's up. Like, because when I was little Emini here, we looked up to the older girls and stuff. Even the ones that was bad, like just 'cause they do bad stuff. That don't mean like I don they Bad people. They are a bad person. Yeah. Like they don't, they ain't no bad people. We still looked up to them, you know, they was probably talking crazy or they don't mean nothing. They just fuck with my personality.


I feel like, I think when you come from a certain environment, you learn not to judge people for what they do when they're in survival mode. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like I don't be judging nobody. I I been like that though. I just let everybody do them. 'cause you never know what they going through. So I just be like, maybe they did that for a reason. So I don't be mad at nobody. You got people from your hood leaning on you as far as like financials. Like Yo rad, I know you got it. Throw me something. I just heard that somebody was in the hood talking stuff about me, talking about I ain't putting no guns in the hood And I ain't doing this and that. I'm like, what? I be, I be throwing block parties there, having barbecue ice cream, like bouncy house. I be doing all kind of stuff for the hood. So I'm like, that's crazy to me. Why would he Want you to put guns in the hood? Yeah, They think I'm nap protector.


Y'all better get it. Like I got it. Shit. Yeah Rich. I did. Rich Baby Daddy was your verse actually longer? 'cause it seems like it was it was short. Yes It Was. So Drake cut the verse. Yeah. And he cut pieces up. 'cause that beat wasn't even on that beat. It was on another beat. And I had did a verse like a 16 boy and probably a, a hook. And then he cut it up, chopped it up. He he put two different songs together actually. Really? Yeah. It was two different songs. That should have been your song. That should have been you and Scissor by yourself. Why is I just think it would've took off more if it was it was from you just that's The number One record you took Off more. You don't think so's the number. It's The number one. I think Drake made the takeoff shit. Yeah, I No, I like the record. I love the record.


Actually I be seen Y'all listen to it. Oh you saw that? Yeah. They be turning up. They that ass over. Yeah. Did you, did you see the conversation we had about your lyrics? Right. And I was saying that every generation, there's a woman rapper who pushes the boundary of lyrics. Like you not really doing nothing different than Lil Kim was doing. Or even Salt and Pepper in the eighties. Everybody was be sitting, sitting edgy for their time. All That's all I be saying, like, people be getting on me. But I be like, and then I be like, why is that the only thing y'all heard When I say something about a coochie, I talk about all kind of shit in my song. They take the coochie part and just, that's all she's talking about. Like what? That's all y'all got from that. I be saying all kind of stuff in my song Emini here, to be fair, the hook is called Pussy Pink.


Booty Ho Brown. That is the hook. Like the song, that song was strictly about Pound Town. So that's, that's nothing. Yeah, but just saying you have others. Yeah. Other songs. Other songs in your catalog where you're not just talking about. Yeah. So I be like, why do y'all think I just rap about that all day? Like I don't understand that. If that's the only song somebody's heard, I can understand why they Yeah. Come to that conclusion. Yeah. Do you have a favorite song so far of your own? Downtown. Downtown. That's your favorite? Because it got me out The trenches. Yeah. Downtown got you out the trenches. I love it. Yeah. I, I knew, I knew it was though, like when I recorded, I came out the booth. I'm like, this the one this gonna get me out the hood. I told everybody, I told him that. So when your team heard that hook, what was your team thinking? Like, my pussy Pink, my booty hook.


What? What was that was? Everybody was laughing. We was all in the studio laughing 'cause I was freestyling. Yeah. And then they was like, be serious. Like this ain't serious. You ain't serious. Right. Be serious. And you was like, this is gonna be it. I'm like this, they gonna like it. They gonna fuck with it, trust me. And they like, no, they wasn't believing in it. So Who put it out then? 'cause if they didn't believe it, I know they was like, we not putting this one Off first. They finally did after so long. 'cause I was like, man, when is we dropping Pound Town? Like let's shoot the video. They kept making me shoot other shit and I'm like, let's do Pound Town. They was making me do all kind of other stuff and then they finally just was like, all right, you so passionate about this song. We gonna drop it and let's see what it do. Took the fuck off. Took off. I said, I told y'all I Knew it. And from that point on, they gotta listen to you.


Yeah. But they was already listen to me before. 'cause like I'm with an independent label so I can make my own decisions. Good. But one that song they was just like, but now they be like okay. She know she strategized. She know what she talking about. She know what her people like type shit. Now people said that you leaked your sex tape on purpose because of, because of pound time. You wanted them to show you wanted them to show, you wanted to show what color it was show. No, that was the wackiest video bro. I was tired. I'm fat pregnant, didn't even feel like doing shit on there. So that's why I'm like, and then that's the one that fucking get leaked. I got all kinds of stuff in my phone. How Did stuff get leaked in 2023? I don't know, bro. Wanna on your phone Or No, it wast in the moment and then set the phone down.


But I ain't the one that did it. It was in the moment, set the phone down, threw it and then, you know, and then it had accidentally pressed she, She said she got all texts of worst shit on her phone. You don't, you don't delete it now. Now after That it's my phone. Don't y'all got shit in y'all phone? Real? No. Exactly. Shit. I don't know why they lying. I do. That's what I'm saying. I got that man. When I say like I could really go viral, I could be a star, but I Don't for reasons like that. Because somebody break into your phone. No, nobody broke into my phone. I already know what happened. Okay. But I could really be a star if I, what happened if I post the real stuff? I think you should tell people what happened so it don't happen to other people. I just did. You said you just threw the phone and it, Okay, this is what happened.


It was on Instagram, like a little short clip video. Like just making it on Instagram and saved it to the phone. Then through the phone. But the video still was on my screen and then through the phone and it got accidentally pressed like that. Like sent to public? Yeah. Like who gonna do that on purpose? I was like, what? And this was the wackiest video. Like, y'all really don't want me to post the real ones. Now I turns up. I don't think that you posted it yourself. I don't think you leaked at yourself because you, you, it was a, it took you a minute to post again. Like you, you didn't go online? Yeah, I was filming it until like a week. I was hot. Like it was a minute. I was hot. Yeah. Who was you mad at? Yourself Just mad at yourself?


Like well that it happened period. Yeah, That it got out. I ain't the one did it. It wasn't me. So somebody did it? Yes. They was mad at you? No, it was a accident but it still was like you dumb like pay attention, be smarter. Like you moving too loose like Shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Are you in love now? Sexy right? Yeah, with the money because Everybody wondering who your baby daddy is. It might be you Charlemagne. No, don't do that. I'm a married man. Hey, Y'all Married man. Must be immaculate conception. Did you see Charlemagne before he, you know, had his, oh his surgery face done.


I was her type. Yeah. Nah, hell no. Not oh Charlamagne. Hell no. Ain't what you get done now. Let me see. Just pulling, pulling up shit that I did. Chemicals and stuff. Bad discoloration. He bleached his skin. He bleached. I had really bad discoloration. Bleached his skin. He did his eyebrows Basically. Yo was ugly. Basically that's just what it was. I'm gonna show y'all pulling up. Shit I did Uhoh stop playing. So did you Me Charlamagne? Yeah I had discoloration like it was like, I had like patches, like dark patches look like a rap You never heard of Drake? Say like Charlemagne, you got the light and the dark patches. Uhuh. That's what you, I used to have like dark patches. For real? Yeah. So here you go right there. Just get a glimpse. Oh for real? Yeah. I look like your first baby daddy in it.


Hell nah. Yeah, right, right. You ain't want that. Yeah, you do look different though. Yeah. Yeah. So just you got My nose done too. No, I'm just saying. So just know if the baby is is that ain't what it's gonna look like. Yes. This is gonna be, oh I changed my mind. I changed my mind. Would you ever wanna get married? Sexy rad. You Think I feel like marriage that ain't real. Like you could sign, you could have a whole ceremony and still get cheated on. Yeah, I'll do it just to do it like, 'cause it look like it look like a good time. It look like a good time. You confessing your love in front of everybody. But I feel like that's all it is. You just confessing your love in front of People. So it's the cheating, like the cheating as well.


Yeah. People be doing some wrong stuff. You could be in a real relationship with somebody who love you and it might be some infidelity on both sides. No, Not real. It's not possible. What's the point of us doing all this in front of people act like we gonna be together and not mess with other people. Like it be married people catching As and stuff like that's not right. You never been cheated on Yeah's. Why? I'm saying that's why Have you cheated? Talk about it. Yeah. Okay. Emini here only 'cause I got cheated on but I don't be the cheater first. And that don't mean you don't love the person. Right, but that don't, that don't mean like I could be faithful. I could be real faithful when I love somebody. But once you show me you not faithful, then it's like what is we doing? Why is that? Why I gotta be faithful then. Yeah. Is is this, is this really who you are as just like a A act?


Because What? Just in general. What's the act I'm saying? Is it I'm asking. Yeah, I'm just a real ass bitch. Like she fake or something. Right. That's what I'm saying. I don what he basically that what She's my question. That's Right. What's the act? What a act. Right. I ain't asking you re-ask her my question but you talking about she acting And I said who is said? 'cause she ain't like when I said her real name. So I said who is sexy red behind Sexy Red? Who is her? She don't like her name being said. But I was saying who is that Person? I'm a far ass bitch. Yeah, I play the game far. I don't cross nobody. I don't steal. But once I see you doing me wrong, like I'm always cool. I come off cool but once I see you got a problem me, then it's just like all right, that's what we doing. Okay.


That's how I am. I ain't never, I'm not a mean person, a hater, none of that. Like I give people they props And I'm an energy person. Like I know like number one. I know, I know you're not stupid. So people try to play you with that just because you but you, you say things on purpose to get a rise outta people. That's why I ask is this Not even to get a rise. I just Emini here like people funny, like funny people. They just be saying shit. I know I'm a character too. Like yeah, yeah. So I just be saying shit sometimes. Okay. That's how they be. That's why I was asking is Sexy Red just a character or Character? No, I'm saying like we funny. Yeah I'm funny. I'm cool nonchalant like so Everything you say ain't meant to even be taken serious.


You know what Emini here basically what you saying? Yeah. Yeah. She So y'all good now? We good? We all good here? Yeah. Yo, I'm just making sure like y'all, I'm just making sure number 13. I can't ask that. Ask number 13. Number 13. Guess I could though. But I don Sexy d ain't my questions. I like The hell going on. There's rumors that you what? I'm This what they want me asked. There's rumors that you and NLE Choppa was a thing for a minute. What happened with y'all? Who the hell made That up? I ain't right. I ain't You Did Charlemagne. Yeah. Come on now. You did. I never thought that. Why? Why you think I would do something like that? Sex. Why you tell her to ask and not you? Exactly. Because I didn't want to ask you about sleeping with somebody. But I remember I you, you already did. I know I just stupid twice. I know I like to lie too sexy.


No, I don't be talking about, I don't be asking questions like that. No Emini here wouldn't never nothing. Why would we? I ain't fuck no industry nigga. If that's what y'all wanna know, I ain't have sex with nobody. They be choosing though for sure. They be the dms crazy. Yeah. Hell yeah. They be Choosing if you want know. I don't care. They people be on the internet trying to oh she ugly. I never mess with a sexy red. You can find a sexy red on the block if them be the same niggas in my inbox And I probably ignored them or somewhere. Like niggas be really choosing For real. Why do people, when people say I wouldn't fuck no industry nigga, what's the difference between the industry nigga? Ain't Nothing wrong with it. I'm just saying I never, they be, I'm there with me. I ain't never fucked nothing though. Like people be making a big deal out of oh he got some money. He, I don't be tripping off stuff like that. Like I ain't never been I think sexy red.


I still be in the hood, be at home cooking loving on her. Man I think you want you a good domesticated woman. That's what I believe. You think she be loving on her man? Clearly do you. That's why she pregnant now and he know that. That's what Emini here. When I say it is just real. I believe it's you are who you say you are. But I believe like all of that freak shit you be talking that ain't you. Ain't you bought that with him? She just said I was. She Just Say she Like a star. She Could be a star. I don be fucking niggas like I don't just be on there like Yeah that's what I'm saying. When people bring up that stuff about like when I said I had caught ch it wasn't my fault. Right. Niggas be cheating right. Yeah. Yeah. That ain't my damn fault. Yeah, no, no, no. I it was When you say you spent the block on him and shit?


It was My baby I you spent. Oh okay. All right. So all right, I got you. Alright Nigga. On my baby dog so Yeah. Yeah you locked up. That's the one that's locked up because you the free my nigga song. You got? Yeah that's the fur baby daddy. Yeah he gave you comedian Damn put Ain't gonna put that man Of all, she just Said that. We dunno Who did it first of all. Is he upset you pregnant now I know that nigga can't wait to come home to try and get you. Yeah but he not like trying to fight me. Me and my baby daddy. We real cool like okay he he knows like Emini here. Sometimes people they self a situation like you left me. Yeah your son. So it's like he Ain't leave. It's not like he wanted to go. He was, he was doing shit to make hisself like you know.


Was he coming home? I don't know soon. Hopefully That's big cheese. He said you got pregnant while he was locked up. Nah that's big Cheese. Nah, he did come on now. We wasn't together though. Me and my baby daddy broke up when my son was six months. My son three now. But we always was like still cool. He still was coming off my house. He knew I ain't had no other niggas like I just was a stay at home mama doing me like before pound town drop. I just was at home with my son 'cause I can't do shit. I got my son all the time. Was He supportive when you was rapping? Was he supportive? Yeah. You Was. He was very supportive. He used to give my son whenever I had a show whatever I had to do. Yeah. Yeah. And what were you doing before you were rapping before you decided to rap? I was doing her, yeah I used to do her that Go that St.


Louis that I was doing her What like installations, wig installations and stuff? Yeah, Everything. For real? Yeah. Braids all that. Don't believe You lashes. I Did everything. Show me somebody hair. You did. Was you good? Really? You was good. I I was Great. He clown. Ain't nobody in St. Louis was going you. I Was the hood hottest. Her style Was. I don't believe you gotta show me. That's How everybody knew me 'cause I was doing everybody hair for. So how you go to head to start rapping? What made you start rapping in? I just did some shit like my baby daddy. This when he was my boyfriend at the time. He had, he was cheating on me. He used to my baby first baby. Oh my god. He used to always cheat on me. Mm. Is he sick now that now that you're successful? Did he call you all the time? Like hey Nah, but he, they be in jail like talking about me and stuff.


So he heard everything but nah, he was just cheating on me all the time. And then I had made a, this song about him 'cause it was just like he was cheat all the time. You know your nigga fucking with a lot of bitches but it's one bitch you know that he really like. So I seen the one bitch. I'm like ooh, I can't, I hated this bitch so bad You ain't do nothing. Oh baby, I did do. So That's the point of the story. I Did it. I definitely did. Depressed. And you thought I was messy. You this nigga messy. He messy. He just, he just wanted me to say something. You Ran down on him. On her. And I didn't call my baby daddy in so much shit. I didn't. A girl told me, oh I see your baby daddy at this room. I done came, knocked on the door, had some, it was a random girl walking down the hall.


I'm like knock on this door. And when he opened the door, get out the way. 'cause I'm like bitch I'm running in. I know that's right. Yeah, that's, yeah. I busting that motherfucking room so fast. So you done Key cars, you done broke windshields. You done Flat and tight? Yeah. Cause all Kind of shit. What's the worst thing you done did To I on what? When you bust in the room? I beat they ass. I beat his ass and her ass. They was running from me. Both of them was running. They was scared. Mm. He already like the ref of a, a woman getting cheated on is not. Yeah. And what's the worst thing you did to a X or it's called it's property. Mm. The worst thing I did is got pregnant Emini here. Damn. For real. Because me and my baby daddy, we said we'll never have babies outside of each other. That was supposed to be my only baby daddy.


Right. But that was like, that's just something we both was like damn. But you did that on purpose. You couldn't wait to tell him I ain't do that on purpose. I was scared to tell him. Everybody was telling him I knew I was pregnant but everybody was already snitching on me. I'm like no that's not true. He like idiot. So you looking him dead in his face lying knowing you had a, he was in jail knowing you ain't had a period he was In jail. Oh. Knowing that you ain't have a period. Hey yo. No though. But look he was my baby daddy. He used to be cheating on me. So I had made a this song about him and then he was like, I rapped it to him. He like, dang that mug hard. So then that's when we'd be in the car around his friends. He like, rap your song to them showed him your song. So now Ira, the song they like, oh you actually know how to rap. So I'm like for real y'all fuck it with it.


Then that's when I just went to the studio and made a real song. You see what I'm talking about? He inspired You And was that a thousand Jugs? Nah, nah the song, the first song I made is called Slide. Oh okay. See I don't know but but a Thousand Jugs, that was, that was like that went viral online. 2018 though. Yeah, But that was like the third song. Okay. You give him royalties on the record since he inspired you. Actually you should give him and her royalties. Hell nah. I don't play that royalty shit. I did this shit. What you looking for? You still looking for that hair? Looking for that hair. It's right here. I just ain't, Lemme see. Oh Boy. Make sure you don't see no other video. You said you got mad issue that Yeah. Hold your phone. 'cause he had your phone screwing up and down. Oh Shit. Look good as hell. How much you charge for real?


You a stack, you help. I used to do everybody hair. I did everybody fire. I did this, her hair was blue. I dyed red Cured hair by Trill Red. That was your name? Yeah, but when I got, let see Got Famous and started rapping. I had to change it from Trill to Sexy Red. Why? Somebody already had trail trademark? Yep. That's Weby and them shit. Oh, true. How much? How much you used to charge for them? The braid. She do some good ass braids. Damn. Yeah. And Wes and she kinda look like you. I always thought this every time. See y'all really like each other. See, look at that. Look friend at that. Y'all really like each other. Stupid. I ain't no shame. Hold. I like, I like her again. I guess so. It Hurts your feelings both.


It hurts your feelings. Damn. I fuck with you. I'm sorry. That's how I be feeling when she do me. I'll be like, damn, I love you and You do Like this, whatever. But I, I definitely get where she was coming from 'cause people are always coming down on her. Yeah. So I'd be shocked when there be certain people I be like damn, I Was fucking With you. Not I feel you. Like when it be some people I be like bitch, I ain't fuck with you anyway bitch, fuck you. But when it's somebody I fucked with, I be like damn. I'm like You like damn I want to do her hair. I fuck with Jess. Yo I do that. Would you ever open a Yeah. Which I was gonna say and own a chain of them. Like yeah, That's what I'm trying To do. Oh okay. That's what's up. But, And I be So busy. Yeah. I be too busy. I wanted to do a salon with makeup, her nails just everything.


Clothes. That's what you should do. I hire people to help her do that. But You invest your money, you got good people with you. You got my man David Gross with you. That's his, that's his lane. I already know he was helping me but now I don't know. I'm probably just gonna do apartments for now. And then like I got all kinds of shit coming to life. People be thinking, oh this her same stack of money. They just really don't know baby. I'm having this shit. For real. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really is. Yeah. Invest invested while in the getting is good. You know I'm saying you don't know how long it's gonna last. Yeah. We definitely finna invest. Are there any other artists that you wanted to collab with? That you always wanted to work with? I always wanted to work with Chief Keith, but we finally doing music now. That's what's Up. Oh y'all do some records together? Yeah. More than one. More than two. That's good.


How impactful Was some of the St. Louis huge acts, whether it was Nelly or Chin on you, if at all. They was like the only people that really took off from the city. Not saying SSA didn't, or I don, it's a Sle S Louis from Jersey. I thought SLE was from Jersey too. Nah, she from St. Louis but I guess she, she moved to Jersey when she got a little like a little older. Oh. I Thought she was moved. I didn't know s from St. Louis. That's, yeah, she from St. Louis. Okay. But people don't know that. So yeah, they gonna think Nelly or Chinky and that was like 20 years back. So it's like they be saying like I'm, I was next up like the next person. Not the st.


So it's like big, it's major But I'm sure a lot of people in St. Louis look up to you 'cause they can see themselves in you. You know what Emini here, I'm relatable. For real. Just a red old girl from the north side. For real. Like When you was on stage barefoot and pregnant doing the chicken head, My feet was hurting And I had take the Shit away doing the chicken Head because when you, because when she dance she got heels on. You can tell it hurts. So she like Shit, I'm about to just do it. Stop doing this without heels. I hate, I hate wearing heels on Stage. I want them to get you you some nice red slippers though. You doing so? Yeah, Because you dunno what, what's going on with these stages? You don't know if they clean like No, I'm just saying you know in the Stages is dirty. The Stages could be dirty. You just dunno. As soon as I get off stage, I got my peoples right there. Soon as like soon as I walk off feet, it's a chair for me.


I sit down, they got the disinfectant wipes, the towel, my shoes, they clean my feet. All That dope. Yep. Soon, like soon as I got, I got video. Soon as I get off stage. They got every time. Well sexy, we glad that you could join us. I thank you so much. I'm happy. I'm happy that you did come. Yeah, I'm happy that you look, she ain't, she was honest. I'm happy that you was honest. I'm happy that I got you to look at me and all of that And I appreciate you Man. Yeah. I appreciate y'all for having So that mean just can't talk about you no more? No. Yeah. Ever. Nope. I know she be trolling regardless. What do just came up and said nope. No, she just came up here and said I be trolling. Like I'm, I'm regular duck. I I, if y'all think this all I'm gonna let y'all go ahead think that I'ma Just say Yeah I don't, I don't cry to clear nothing up.


Like Yeah I don't clear rumors up. Like whatever you heard. Believe it. That's all you. I gotcha. I agree with you. Yeah. You gotta know me to know me like Yeah that's Right because we don't know none of these people online so who give a damn about their opinion anyway. Right. Who cries about what other people is doing is what I be wanting to know because I don't, that's what I don't understand. I don't be tripping off what nobody else got going on. 'cause it's like they, the ones gotta live their life, not me. So I don't, that's what I'm saying. I don't be judging people. I just, I don't care. Are you gonna sit down anytime though? Because the baby due February. It it is almost Christmas. You have to down. I am. Okay. I'm gonna sit down on the 23rd probably. Oh. Right before Christmas. Okay. Oh and lastly, you know New York Missed you 'cause you were supposed to perform in New York and Philly for a powerhouse. Man, I was sick like the doctor tell you to sit down.


Yeah bro. I was sick. My doctor And I still was trying to go work. I had the flu some like I I, my whole body was hot. Everything was hot. I was breaking out into sweats. I had to sit in the hospital. Damn. Yeah, for real. I was like real fucked up. And then that's around the time they said my cervix was spreading. So they like, when I say I couldn't even stand up straight like I was bent over the whole time. I was in so much I was crying. I was in so much pain I couldn't walk. Oh my god. I was hurt. I was hurt. I sure remember that pain. But I was mad that I missed it too. 'cause I'm like, I really wanna go. And I kept trying to go but my doctor was like, no you have to stay. No, your health is way more important. Way more important. Then I tried, I even left the hospital And I ended up having to go back to the hospital.


Damn, Tina Turner, you can't be leaving the hospital. They Like, you can't. Yeah, they was trying to, they like, you know, if you discharged yourself, whatever happened to you when you leave. It is not, it is not on us. Yeah. Like you gonna sign these papers, discharge yourself. I'm like, yeah. Like I gotta go. I gotta go do this. When you had a baby, you gonna take the baby out with you. Are you, are you going to give yourself some maternity leave before you get back out there? Yeah, I'm, I'm Emini here. I'm still gonna be working and stuff but Emini here like 'cause work don't stop just 'cause you had kids. Yeah, that's right. So I'm still gonna be working but my baby gonna be with me. You gonna breastfeed? No, she gonna hurt. But my mama be with me like my son. He down here with me right now. He with my mama. That's beautiful. Yeah, he was with me this morning. That's why I was a little late 'cause he was sleep And I don't like when people wake him up outta his sleep.


I'm like, they banging on my door. I'm like my son is in her sleep. Chill out. For Real. Oh, so you travel with your family and everything? Yeah. Oh that's beautiful. And I just how her mom is here too. Her mom is Like a name Now people don't be knowing that knowing these kind of things. Like they be thinking, oh she, because I be seeing him on their, they calling me a dead. They be like she leave her son. They just don't know. My son is right with me every time. Soon as I leave the studio, soon as I leave her And I gotta go back to my room. My mom going throw him back at me. Get your son. Your son want you. But she ain't even gotta do that because I like Real black mama. Here you Go. Yeah. I be ready for my son though. Yeah. I be like Mama on my way, have him ready so he can come with me. 'cause my son be missing me. And I know I try to spend all the time I can with Him. And that's why I ask is it an act? But I don't think it's an act.


It's just another side of you. Yeah. People haven't seen the other side. They haven't seen the mother. Yeah. The girlfriend. They haven't seen that yet. Yeah, yeah. Because you got a book. Yeah. But that's my personal life. Yeah. I feel like why if I can't have nothing to myself then it's like Right. I don't wanna just be all out there and then everybody think they know every everything about me. Like I, I still want something that I can go home to. Y'all don't know this about me. Y'all don't know that about me. Like I'm just chilling. You know? You Like to read don't you? Got You. No. Oh Okay. Why? Because you wear Glasses on stupid. She don't mean so she can. Glasses Don't mean I don everything. Stupid. Sexy.


We appreciate you for joining us. You know, you know what I do need. I need looking for them holes clean you into God though. I say yeah, I played it. I need looking for the holes clean because time I every just out. I play the damn dirty version. I always get in trouble. You God clean. You got me all. You believe in God though? Yeah. Emini here Uhoh. I do. But I feel like when bad stuff happen I be like why Emini here? Like I believe in God but I feel like it's not a real person, it's a Holy Spirit. Like that's the way the earth work. Like if whatever you put in the earth, it literally come back to you. It is karma. It is like, you know how like something just bound to happen. That's just the way Earth work. Yeah. And I feel like that's what they think. God is the Holy Spirit. Like they call that God. Like when you do something or you, your instinct tell you don't go here.


They gonna say that's God. But it is like that's the way the earth work. It's your instinct. Do you pray? Yeah. Every night. End us in a prayer right now. Don't sound like you could never pressure me. Charlamagne Again. You shout. Don't tell again. Alright, let's get outta here. Sexy red ladies and gentlemen, appreciate you sexy red. Thank you so much. Don't be a stranger. Appreciate time. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Osco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Starro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


How Crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.