
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company, You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu. You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you.


The Bows personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Wake That ass up, Irv In the Morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. Yes, indeed. We have Morris Chestnut. He's here. And we have Emma Yati Corona. Did I say your name right? Well done. I was practicing I appreci front.


I gotta start like this. Emma. Does Charlemagne look anything like Morris Chessman? I was just looking. I was just looking. We're here to talk Reasonable Doubt too. No, no, I wanna start there because he's been talking so much. He thinks he's more s Not a Reasonable Doubt. Ask her that and then ask the question. No, no, no. And beyond a Reasonable Doubt, AMIA does he look Anything? I knew this was gonna come up. I was prepared for this. You were prepared because I've I've heard squint your eyes a little bit. Now here's the thing. Cover one. Eye cover Both eyes, Both beautiful chocolate baldheaded men. Thank you. I see that. Thank you. Resemblance. Yes. You see a resemblance In that what I just said. Oh, okay. You, you scared me for a second.


In the factory model. What? You said just the factory. You scared me. Me. Second In what? I said. Yes. Now. Now Morris, does it bother you? When, when this, this brother over here that looks nothing like you, claims that he's you for his birthday. He posts Pictures of you. It's my birthday. I'm Telling you somebody came to me on the street. That's a lie. I said I'm dead. No, no. I wasn't on the street. You're right. I was at a hotel. I at the valet and one of the valet. The valet, he said, that's what he said. He said, You look like Charlamagne. He said, yo. He said, yo, you, you charlamagne. I don't know if he was trolling, but he did say That he should afford em. Right. Afford what was, wasn't it dimly lit? Valet era? Did he have glasses? I I, no, he didn't have glasses, you know. But it it did happen. It did happen.


It did. Lord. Yeah. Y'all didn't, that didn't go the way y'all thought. I was welcome guys. How, how you guys feeling? So good to have Y'all. You're feeling fantastic. Yeah, Man. What, what roles excite you nowadays, marsh. Wow. Because you've been in the game so long. You know what this role did excite me. Okay. It, it really did. You know, the one thing I I love, first of all, she's incredible Emini here. She's incredible at what she does. Incredible actress Emini here. She's incredible. But the whole production, so the production starts, you know, with Onyx Collective and we have, you know, black female executives there. And then of course Carrie Washington's company is producing the show. Simpson Street, Simpson Street's producing it topnotch there, Rama Muhammad, black female showrunner.


All the scripts were on time before I had never gotten scripts on a show like that this early. Yeah. I would get a script. We, like, we was, we would be on the second day of an episode and get a script for the next episode. That normally never happens. So everything was top by then. Working with her and the cast. This role did, did excite me. Now for people that don't know, what is Reasonable Doubt about? 'cause y'all on season two, so if, if they don't know, what is it about? Break It Down. You know, it's about this high powered, you know, black female attorney, you know, who is about her business. You know, she handles all of her business when she's, when she's in the office, when she's in court, you know, but she's trying to juggle it. You know, she's a mother, she's a wife. And sometimes, you know, some of the balls drop outta the air.


You know what Emini here, she, she fails at times and she makes questionable decisions, makes mistakes at times, you know, but it's about this woman, it's about this marriage, this black marriage. You know, we get to see them trying to figure it out. We get to see them making mistakes. We get to see them, you know, really living their life in this way that we don't often get to see on television, along with the, the courtroom drama of it all. You know, we get to see her really in her element because the show is loosely based on Sean Holly. Oh, that's True. I heard that. Yeah. She's a very high powered defense attorney in la you know, and so we have all of those elements. It's a good blend. Yes. Of the courtroom drama with the character driven kind of piece.


When you say handle that business in court, is that all the place you handled the Business? Emini here. She does what she got to do. Anywhere, anywhere, everywhere. Did you sit with Sean at all? Did what? Did you spend any time with Sean? Oh yes. Oh yeah. Before we started filming. We, you know, she invited me to her home and, you know, we sat and we talked for hours. You know, I got to really pick her brain about how she chooses the cases that she decides to take on, because that's the thing, you know, we really, I think, nailed that in the show with the kinds of cases that Jacks chooses to accept. Can sometimes cause issue with her friends or her family. You know, why are you not defending black women? Why did you choose to defend this, this man? And that's what Sean is about, you know? And that's something that I admired and wanted to know a little bit more about.


What goes into her selecting the kind of cases that she chooses to represent. Is, is it hard to leave your character on set? Is it hard? No, no. I, I've, I've learned how to just make the separation. I've learned how to make the separation. And especially with someone like Jax, you know, she, she has a lot going on, you know, so I'm thankful to just leave that there and go home to normalcy. You know, I wanted to ask actors, like, when you have to play a traumatic scene, right? Like when Rickey gets killed in Boys in the Hood, being that they play that so much on tv, does that trigger you when you see it? Like, do you feel That doesn't trigger me? One thing that did trigger me when I did the first Best Man, it was the first time that I had to be such an emotional space.


When I did the wedding scene, I was crying And I had to be in an emotional space for so long. That triggered me for just even thinking about it for at least, at least five to seven years. Wow. What about when y'all did the TV show? When the, when the, when the wife Was dead. I see. I was, see I had already, you know, as an actor, I, I had grown And I kind of let some stuff, you know, it's, you know, as actors, you know, we use our, our trauma and our pain to get there. So I, you know, I kind of worked, you know, on that. But it triggered me for a long time on the, on The First Best Man, because I, did You ever get tired of it? 'cause Boys of the Hood was so long ago. Did you ever realize how impactful that was gonna be when you, when you shot It? I didn't, I didn't, I had no clue because when I, when I Emini here, I was a lead in the movie that nobody knew who I was.


Right. And no one knew who Cuba was. You know, people knew who Ice Cube was. Angela wasn't Angela, Nia wasn't Nia Emini here. Everybody was, you know, just popping off. So I didn't think it was gonna be that big. Nah, That, that's interesting what you said about the Best Man because the being a role when the TV show came where, and, and that iteration of it, you know, your wife was Deceased. Yes. You had to tap into that emotion of being a man who lost their wife. Right. How did you leave that at home? Well, so it's, oh, leave that on the set, rather. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's, okay. So the, so that was the first Best Man I had that. So the Second Best Man was tough because she was battling cancer And I had to do a lot of emotional scenes then.


So I've just learned to manage kind of those emotions. I've learned to deal with some of that trauma in a different way now. And actually, actually acting is pretty much therapeutic because you're able to release certain things. And so over the years that's, that's what's happened. Were You a fan of Reasonable Doubt season One because you came on season two? I was, because I literally, I was on, I was, I played the Saturday basketball game and one of the, one of the guys there, he was like, yo, he said, well, normally after we play, he's, you know, we talk about stupid stuff, dude stuff in the gym or whatever. And then he Just say, Hey, you guys seen this show A Reasonable Doubt. And I knew about the show 'cause I knew Eli was on it And I knew Emi was on it, but I hadn't seen it yet.


He was like, man, it was just so odd to hear him say that on the court. Right. You know what I'm saying? And so he said, you gotta check it out. And so, yeah, so before I did the show, I was definitely found 'cause I watched it because he told me to. And what was harder for you? Because Jax is different season one versus season two. What was the harder draw for you as an actress? Like pulling from the experiences? Was it harder for season one or harder for season two for you? I think I would definitely see, say season two, just because of, you know, she's showing a, a lot more vulnerability as a result of what happened in season one. Yes. You know, so that just, it required, just like Morris was saying, you know, I gotta pull from some of those places. You know, that kind of thing. So it was, it was more of a, of a challenge in that way, you know, I had to decide to, to open myself up.


A lot of times when you see people in the soap opera world, they never leave the soap opera world. But you did. So break down the soap opera world and what got you into soap opera. I first, I wanna know how you got into acting. 'cause you, you are a military child. Yeah. Usually that means you're traveling all over the place. You, your parents are heavy into education. What got you into acting from the start? It was something that I always loved, I always loved, but I didn't know that it could be a choice to be a career, you know? And for a long time it was just fun. Just a, just a hobby. And I thought that I had a planned out. I was gonna go to law school, I was gonna be a lawyer. My father wanted me to go to the military, but I said, okay, I think I'm gonna be a lawyer. But in high school, I had a girlfriend who also wanted to be a lawyer, and we had our whole plan.


It was gonna be Cornell and Sweeney Incorporated. There you go. You know, but I realized thankfully before, you know, graduation, okay, no, I don't really wanna be a lawyer. I'm not trying to go to law school. Like she was taking it serious and would fill out these SATs. I'm like, I'm not doing all that. Is she a lawyer now? She's a lawyer now. Oh, she, oh, she's a lawyer. Okay. So we, we went in the right path. I realized, no, I think I just, I like the drama, I like the, the suits and you know, all of that in the courtroom. And so that's the moment when I knew, And I kind of started pursuing it at that point. And this was in, I graduated high school in Jersey. My last two years were out there or in, in Kansas. I was all over the place. And then went back to Jersey and really started studying and back and forth up here to New York. All my off, off off Broadway classes and all of that.


And then that was it. That was it. And, and my first role was that, that role in Young and Restless. Young and Restless. And that was because that was my mom's show. And she said to her, you know, that was me making it, that you made It when you was on, when you was on her soap opera. And she says, You gotta get on Young and er, rec on the Restless. And tell Victor I said, hi. Tell Victor I said that it's a bitter, bittersweet moment about that for me is because my mom passed before that happened before she got to see. And so as soon as I got on the set, I said, Victor, I just gotta tell you, you know, my mom just loves you. So, and that was a small, that was a really small role. And I think that's how I, the reason why I didn't get caught up in it and staying there because it was a small role, but it was truly one of the most meaningful ones to me to this day because of that.


Oh Wow. Yeah. That's so aligned for you. Your first, your first scene, Morris is a, is a, is a sex scene. Right? Right, right, right. Now, do you ever have to tell these studios not to, not to objectify you because we heard meth man once day, he always, you know, pushed back against his Sex Symbol Status. Mm. Do you ever have to tell these studios like, look, you know, I know I'm Morris Chestnut, you can't be a stunt double, bro, I'm a stunt double. Don't, don't objectifying. Make, make explain. Would we would know the difference? Or do you ever feel like you're being objectified? Maybe is a better question. I, I Don I don't see that, that at that way, you know, it's almost like, 'cause people sometimes they ask me, they say, do you get mad when people call you Ricky? All the time when people see me on the street. And honestly, the one thing about me is that I have never ever forgotten where I come from.


Right. And, and when I was an actor, just starting out, trying to get an agent, just trying to get a part. Just say, oh, just please somebody cast me. I just want to be seen. I want to be known so I can get more work. And so it just so happens that that role that I was, that I was dying to get, to be able to get more work was a role that it was a, it was a, it was a blessing that it's still still relevant and people still refer to it to this very day. So now, just because people say Ricky almost every day, I'm not gonna turn around and say, oh man, I hate when people call me Ricky. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was so, I would desired it so much. Yeah. So to your question about, you know, studios, I don't think they objectifying me.


I think that I've been in the business a long time and the, the younger Morriss would not have imagined that he would be here to this very single day after all these years. So I'm just, I'm, I'm just blessed and, And I'm very appreciative of the fact that they still wanna cast me because in our industry, you know, no one really retires from our industry. Our industry retires us. The phone stops ringing. So as long as the phone's still ringing, I'm gonna keep picking up. And I, And I appreciate it, but It's one thing to be a great actor, which you are, but it's another to be considered a a heartthrob. Right? It's only like a kind of like, it's, it is like Denzel Mar. Who else fits in that lane? Lauren? Like historically, who else?


Omar s was there. Yeah, he what? Not like Morris and Denzel. Michael B. Jordan. Michael B Yeah, he was, he kind of faded out. No Underwood. Okay. Underwood. Underwood. Yep. Yeah, from Queen Sugar, dark Skin, queen Sugar. Boris Kojo. Kofi Ko Kofi is the, he's, he's There. Calm down Lauren. Calm down Where we at right now. But I think honestly, you Denzel, it's, it's y'all level of, it's, it's like maybe two or three that are the go-tos. Mainly you though, like, you get, you do get a lot of the posts and stuff online. Oh, thank you. A lot of 'em come from Charlemagne's Instagram. But Shut up. I, I think to, to the answer to that question is for me, I don't, I don't focus on it because, you know,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes, everything.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


It's, it's, this is the type of industry. There's, you know, there's, there's, there's gonna be somebody else tomorrow, there's gonna be somebody else the next day. So I just focus, honestly, I just try to focus on doing the best job I can as an actor with each job. And if that comes with it, I'm appreciative of it. If that's what people say, I'm appreciative of that. But I don't, I don't focus on that. I just have to focus on the work because that's gonna keep me here longer than being, being a, you know, if people consider sex anymore, were not the Real, the real Morris Chestnut was the sexiest man alive in 2015. The reason I gotta say that is 'cause sometimes he puts his face there and he acts like, I've never done that. But if, if you wanted to call him the sexiest man alive, that's fine. And if you wanna use me to do that, that's fine. I've never done that. I was gonna ask y'all, Y'all me, are we, what's going on?


I was gonna ask, how does your wife deal with it all, you know, with women hollering when y'all allow and, and the comments. How does she, how does she handle it? Well, Emini here, my wife is a star in our family for sure. Emini here. She's the one that Emini here. She's a star in, in, in the family. And, and she knows, And I'm a homebody Emini here. I'm home all the time. And honestly, the, the older I've gotten, you know, Emini here, she's, she's just not even, she's not stressed by it. She's not even, she's just not, she's not really interested in the industry. She's, it's like, we've been together a long, long time. And so, you know, she knows what it is. You know, I'm not going nowhere. And hopefully she's not going anywhere, but it's, she's, she's cool with it. And What about your kids?


That's a that's an interesting question. We've never really had the conversation about it. My son has made, has, has made comments about it. Does he have jokes? No. No, he doesn't. He doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't have jokes. He doesn't have jokes about it. What are the Comments That he's making to you? Well, so that's a good question. We, we have, we have my son and my son's 26 years old right now. Okay. No, 20. He just turned 27. And we just basically have a lot of father son conversations and, and my conversations are more geared toward preparing him for life and, and, and trying to get him to see The World from different perspectives.


Yes. Primarily from a, from a, a business perspective. A a young man who's gonna be taking care of a family perspective and he'll make comments just in terms of when I'm trying to explain certain things to him, how things go in life. He, he, he feels, sometimes he'll make a comment like, well, you haven't had to deal with such and such because such and such, you know, but, you know, And I keep having to tell him. I keep having to remind him that, you know, I I, you know, I slept in a room with my brother until Emini here. We, we were in a, I was in a room with my brother until we went to college and we couldn't even open the door. We were so tight in the room.


We had bunk beds, we put the bunk bed down, we couldn't even open the door. So I didn't, I didn't, I wasn't born into this, you know, and so there's a lot of discipline and hard work. So that has and a blessing, you know, from God, but discipline and hard work that has me where I am today. What, what did y'all two learn from each other on set? Oh, well I would say I definitely learned, you know, when I heard, when they told me that they were, you know, when they asked me how I felt about Morris coming onto the show, number one, I was just excited Emini here it's Morris the Chestnut, you know, the Emini here. It's true. You know, just, it's just, he brings a level of professionalism and, and ease.


But yet very just approachable and, and, and kind and giving, you know, what Emini here in a way that you just may not expect for someone who's been in the business for so long, for someone who knows that they have this particular status, you know, what Emini here. But, but he didn't have any of that, you know. So I definitely just appreciated and respected that you know about You And I appreciate. So the, the one thing, you know, on a set, the, the number one on the call sheet is the heartbeat of the set, right? The set goes, how the number one goes. If the number one's not feeling good today, the set's not gonna have a good day. If another one's not a good person, it's not a set that you want be on.


She is literally one of the, the best number ones in that I've ever worked with. She, she Emini here. This is, it's so hard because when you're, when you're, when you come to a set, you know, we have the scenes, we have our lines and we, and we have to worry about her character. And she knew everybody's name on the set, everybody's name. And I, I've been on a set, I've been on a set right now for six months. I still only know probably about seven names out like a hundred people. And that was just so impressive to me. And, and it was really, she was really inspiring to me just to see how she was doing that. And she made me mad one day. 'cause I always like to be, when they call us to set, I like to be the first one there. And she beat me one time. I said, oh, I can't have that. I cannot have her beat me to set because I gotta be there.


Said that too. Yeah. I said I gotta, I can have that. So she's just in, in everything that she does. And she, with all of that, you know, she had her daughter there. She's taking care of her daughter. She has, you know, she's carrying the load on this show. She did it so gracefully, eloquently, and just an incredible actress. So I just have a huge, she's, she's inspiring. Now is There somebody, you talked about number ones. Is there somebody that you say, no matter how much they pay you, you without saying names, that you just won't do a movie with them because they just don't act right? Oh no. Oof. No, no. The oof was a, maybe the oof was a baby. No, because someone popped into my head, but I don't, that's just based off of what you hear. I don't know, you know what, Emini here, I don't, I can't judge someone based on that.


So no, I I wouldn't say that Morris. Oh, oh yeah, I have one. He, I have one, you know. Yeah. He doesn't Emini here. I'm not sure if he's, I don't think he's done anything too much lately, but yeah, it is. Yeah. It's, it can be really, really, really bad set. It's just not a good, it's not a working, it's not a free working environment to be an artist when you have everyone walking on eggshells and this person just dictates the whole mood just of the, of the set. And it just makes it so challenging. Not even to just do your job, just to even be there. Because we spend 12, 13 hours a day.


It's like a family, you know, you spend more time on a set than you do your family. So. Yeah. So there's probably one Question. Leta. I have a question for you. I had heard Erica Alexander talk about how when black women play strong roles on tv, it boxes them in. It's like a good thing 'cause your representation, but it can be a bad thing because it boxes you into this. Like, you always have that power. You always have to be tough and rough. Do you think about that when you're picking roles? I know 'cause Jackson's becoming a household now, household need now, like people love the show. Do you think about that? Do you think how that will affect you? Has that been, you know, something you, you and your team had talked about? You know, I, I understand what she's saying about that because that is, you know, it's, it's almost can even be a stigma even that's placed upon us as, as black women. But it's not something that I think about because there's an element of it that is true.


It's there We are strong. We've had to be strong for so long, for so many reasons. So, you know, I, it's not something that I feel like I have to lead with or something that I have to be cognizant of. Yeah. Because I don't, it doesn't, it doesn't, it doesn't bother me in that way. I see, you know what Emini here. And so I think I, I do choose roles, not necessarily if I see a role and it says, okay, she's a strong woman or what have you, you know, I know I'm gonna put my own spin on it And I may not feel like she's strong in the way that they think she's strong. Right. You know what, Emini here so I can make a different interpretation. Interpretation on it. Gotcha. You Well, I know y'all gotta go. I got my final question. Other, when I'm around Mars, oh my God.


Do you ever walk in the room and say, I'm the most handsome man in here. Oh my gosh. No. No. I I I never said that. Did say that one day when we wa I did S That on your chest. No, I would never say that. Not doing, you were in the Family Feud video, right? Jay-Z's Family Feud? Yes. Yes. How, how were you casted for that? Are you cool with the fam or how did That happen? Ava. Ava. 'cause Ava directed Ava. Ava Verna. I think that's how we met. We met at Ava's Ava's house. House. Yeah. Yeah we did. I Remember think it was more she not when you were there. Be honest. Not even close. I didn't, I didn't. You thought he was to hell I Didn't. He thought He was to help. I was like, well five years ago.


Five six years. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, we were watching the movie or something. And Gary, no Fight the Fight Fit Mayweather night. That's what it was. That's what it was. But yeah, that's how that came about with Ava was the director. Yeah. Gotcha. Well we appreciate, I know you guys gotta run. Yeah, Doubt. I wanna say something to you guys. I really appreciate what you guys are doing for the culture Emini here. I see the guests, you guys have honestly the topics that you guys talk about. And I appreciate what you guys doing because especially now in our community, you talk about therapy a lot. I love that you guys bring up current topic, current event topics, politics. And so you guys are, I was really excited to come back 'cause I've been here before, but I was really excited to come back because I appreciate you guys what you guys are doing for the culture. So thank you guys. Thank you very Much.


So much. Yeah, Reasonable Doubt. Season two is out now on Hulu. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club is Morris Chestnut and Emma Corona. Thank you so much. Thank you for having It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, ROS eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee, So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two Shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta Play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When you teen requests a trip, they, they're matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today, available in select locations. See app for details.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at t connecting changes everything.


January 2nd on a, b, C, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Telan and CLIA Sheer as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses but lives. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premier's January 2nd at eight seven Central on a, b, c, and will be available to stream next day on Hulu.