
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


else. Good morning, us a yo yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. And currently we are on vacation, man. Totally disconnected. Yes. We not even really here. You think you listening to us, but we not Well, We are not. We are here in spirit. Yeah. Yeah, we're on vacation. So we're playing The best donkeys, the best interviews you guys, which is the best callers and some of the BEST MOMENTS The Breakfast Club has had in the last couple of months. So sit back, relax, enjoy, and have fun. Keep a lock. Red's gonna be running the boards. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I'm tall.


I'm telling. Hey, what you doing man? I'm call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? You're? What's up, envy? What's up Trav? Gas. What's up baby? What's up, boo? What's up, star? How are you? Ps What up, SISs? How you Nah, I'm doing good. Just checking on my bro and checking on my girl to see how y'all doing. We are blessed black and highly favored. My brother, my brother. Who you getting into this weekend? Listen, lemme Tell you. All right. Just, you see how this, you gotta escape by that And I just keep talking. You, I'm sorry, go ahead. So when y'all use the public restroom, right?


Do y'all put y'all bare butt cheeks on the public toilet? Hell no. No, Sir. Sir, no. Trev, I don't think anybody does. No, I, okay. I had to stop talking to this guy because he'd be out here bare button, public toilet seats, and he was trying to tell me that it is actually sanitary to not put the liners down on toilet seats. You know what's so crazy? I just called and, And I was just talking to B and he just answered the phone. He said he heard the same thing. That is sanitary. Why Be about him? Yeah. Why? Yeah. We gonna get a bump on your butt. Yeah. Don't sit Oh, in public toilet seats, please. With your bare Butt. That's Nasty. Yeah. The only way it would be unsanitary is if you using the same line as somebody. Now that's nasty. Imagine seeing the line already on the toilet.


Yeah. And you sit on the liner and You like, thank you, God. And then You just sit down Like, what? But all right, y'all, y'all have a good weekend. Good Friday. Freaky Freaky Friday. Make sure y'all do something freaky today. You don't wipe your, I I asked you who you was getting into Mind, your business y Goodbye. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, Dj Envy, Solomon, the guy. Beautiful. Just hilarious. Peace King. Good morning. Good morning. Get off your chest. All I, I gotta get off my chest. Donald Rollins is clearly one of the funniest people on the planet. Yes. Because he's doing it for this long, at the highest level for you to come at The Breakfast Club and complain that people aren't taking you seriously.


'cause of them. It's a little whack. I agree and disingenuous. You on one interview, you said you had a book and brought out a pamphlet. He Was being funny though. He like, come on, yo. He was being funny, but I, I get it. But you hear Dave Chappelle, Kevin Hart when they peaking interviews, they're funny, but you also having like real conversations with him. I see what you're saying, Darnell. It's always a joke, you know what I'm saying? But hey, they swoop to Donna Rollins. You know, you one of the greatest to ever do it. Stop crying. Love to The Breakfast Club. Y'all have a good morning. Peace King. All right. And that's really what it boils down to You. One of you, you are a great at what you do, Darnell. He is. Stop crying. Yeah. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm, Hey, what doing man? Call calling. Yo, This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. Hey James. What's up brother? Good morning everybody. Good morning. What's wrong? Just love on your kids. Oh God, We can't hear you brother.


You Said just love On your kids. James. James recently found a text message from his son and, and the text message, his son was saying that he, he wanted to off himself. Mm. Well he, he said his mom said something about he doesn't want to be a bird, but he's not, man. How old is your son, brother? He's 17. Have you taken, have you took him to, took him to talk, to talk to anybody yet, brother? No, I'm I'ma I'ma go, I'm gonna go up there today. I was gonna go Sunday, cut his hair and go see that in Captain America. I think I'm gonna go to You definitely should do that.


Yeah. And y'all should go to, y'all should go to some family counseling, man. Just have 'em sit down and talk to somebody Sooner than later, brother. Absolutely. Oh God, man, I, I got out of the army after he, after he was born because I wanted to be around, man. No, Absolutely Man. Where you calling from? Brother Carolinas? He said what Part? North or south? North. North, North Carolina. I'm, I'm gonna put you on hold, man. I'm gonna get you in touch with somebody man, that you, that you probably can talk to. Hold on brother. Okay. I I'm gonna give you an email to a a, a good psychiatrist. I know. Okay. Hold on one second. Hold on. You know, the, the sad thing is, you know, me and my wife, we do a podcast, Casey Crew podcast where we take emails and in the last two weeks we got four emails from parents saying the same exact thing.


Mm. You know, like, you know that they, they've been talking to their kids recently and they've been seeing a change in their kids and their kids have been talking about, you know, suicide. And these are the ages from eight to to 12. Mm. And and we, we tell everybody as a parent, like my father went through my stuff. Yeah. Just to make sure if you see any change, go, go. It's, it's, it's not prying. You, you, you're the mom. Yeah. You're the dad. Go through the text messages, go through emails, go through your kid's stuff. You would, you wanna make sure that you are on top of it. And like Charlemagne always say, get the necessary help. Yeah. Talk to therapist. Get help. Like, don't try to do it on your own. 'cause you know you're not professionally trained for this. Get help Ease And I, and actually be happy that your kid is, is, is expressing that they have an issue.


You know? 'cause some kids don't express that they have an issue, they just keep it it to themself and then they actually end up completing suicide. That's right. So be happy that they're actually telling you because now you know that's a cry for help. So go get them some help. Absolutely. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Dj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes, indeed. We Have The Cast of Harlem Race by Megan. Good. Shaniqua. Did I say your name? Shae Jerry Johnson And Tyler Lepley. Welcome.


Appreciate y'all. How y'all feeling this morning? Phenomenal, amazing star study. Feels so good. We like a star study. Kiss a star. First of all, how many of Y'all live in la? I wanna make sure everybody houses good stuff. Like, we're good. Thank you. Good. Appreciate that. Thanks for asking that. Okay, let's get right into it. Harlem is back January 23rd on Amazon Prime. But sadly they say this is the last season. Yeah. Why so many people watch it. So many people are into it. How do they just do it like that? Ask Amazon Prime. Well, universal, We're so sad. We were really, really sad. And I think like everybody's super sad because we had so much story to tell. And so like, if we did have more seasons, this would've, the stories would've ugh, been so good. But they did such an amazing job, truncating it, bringing it down into this final season.


I think everybody's gonna be happy. Yeah. And Hopefully we get a movie. Okay. Movie. Did y'all know it was gonna be the final season when y'all started taping? Did, did you know that already or did y'all find it halfway through IF No, not halfway through. I think I found out a little late, but I sometimes I'm in my own world, but I found out the day of the reading as we were reading it now going into knowing that it was the last season. Are you saying when we were reading it? No, before. Before I knew, but I hadn't read the last two. I thought they were saving the last two episodes, so I didn't know, you know, and then as we were reading it, I was like, oh no, this is it. Yeah. But did y'all been doing a lot on the side as well? Y'all been engaged?


I know y'all been Having babies. Y'all been putting out music books, life, y'all been doing lot. Yeah, It's true. It's true. So how were y'all doing all of that on the side as well as taping this show? You know what's interesting is that as we've been taping this show, because we started, what, what year did we start? 2020, okay. 2020. And then we got like maybe three episodes in, then Covid happened, then we took a break, then we came back, then we had a year off, then we went through the strike and all these different things. But during the duration of all these things we were experiencing life. Yeah. We were having all kinds of life changes and having conversations in between because not only are we, you know, friends on the show we're like sisters in real life, but also with Tracy.


And then same with Tyler. Like that's our brother, that's our family. But each one of us we're experiencing things that, you know, as Tracy spoke to us, she was like, well, well what do you think about this? And what do you think about that? And I know you're on this journey and you know, do you mind if I implement this? And all of that? So, so much of it is actually mirrored in the show of what we were experiencing. So it kind of made it seamless in that way. And, you know, you have a, a specific story about that. But yeah, just everything, it just, it feels like it was a part of our actual lives. So what's your story with That? No. So, so we were talking about this, but you know how Quinn goes through her depression journey in season two. I did a lot of research on depression because it wasn't something I was personally dealing with at the time, but I wanted to reflect it in a very honest way. So went through that, did that research, and then I had the baby, and then I was diagnosed with severe postpartum depression.


So even when I came on the show the last time I was in the depths of that, didn't really realize the impact and how that affected me until I started to kind of climb out of that. Right. Going through that journey with Quinn, it gave me a space and a refle. I, I call it my help journal, like a reflective journal to look back on and say, oh, like this was, this was the way in which it was showing up for Quinn. I didn't realize that postpartum depression can show up as fatigue, as overwhelm. We know about the sadness, we know about all that stuff, but these are some of the ways the mood swings. Didn't know that that was a part of those things. And so being able to play that and reflect that in Quinn gave me almost like a map that I could go, okay, grace, like this is how you can navigate this.


Did Work. Help or hurt? Yeah, that, did it make it worse? No, it helped because it actually gave me an enlightenment. Right. Like, oh, this is what it could look like. This is what, and so even though I was, I was doing it for Quinn, you know, I felt it on a, on a different nuance level when I was actually going through it myself. Got you. How are y'all juggling the schedules though? Like now? Because it's still, it is. It's like y'all personally flourishing in business. Y'all flourishing. How can y'all, 'cause I know that the schedules Emini here. I know y'all said it is been like two years since y'all did this, but now y'all all got individually a lot going on too. How can y'all still, like how y'all juggling schedules? We gonna start with Shaniqua on that one because she just got a single Thank you.


You know, I thrive when I'm busy. Yeah. I really do. I like the structure of figuring out my schedule. I become more detail oriented when I have a lot of things to focus on. And I was very intentional about dropping feel my love, my new single Yes. After ending season two with a engagement or proposal. Yes. And so I wanted to like balance that and have that come out at the same time as the show. 'cause I knew a lot of Harlem fans would be paying attention, but also just to like, you know, maybe troll a little bit or make them question whether Angie would actually end up in this relationship because we don't get a yes or a no at the end of the season too. Okay. Strategy. It could be anything. You know, we trying to have a roll out.


You know, Megan, you refer to them as your sisters and your brothers. Does that, does that happen naturally? Because a lot of times, you know, people wanna keep things business. Yeah. So does that just happen naturally that this bond, It happened completely organically. Okay. Like from the beginning, from day one. If I start with Shae, well, like we were on FaceTime a few years prior And I had never met her before. And we just spoke and we talked about like, you know what, one day we're gonna do a show together. And we touched and agreed on the camera of the FaceTime. And then literally years later here we are both walking in, we're both testing and we're in the bathroom. And she's like, do you remember me? I was like, from where? And she told me And I was like, wait, what? And then we ended up praying and crying in the bathroom and you know, there's that. And then literally with Tyler, it was just immediate, like just family and just easy or organic.


Same thing with Jerry. It was like, I'm obsessed. Like I've known her forever, like, you know, and then when Grace, I called her, I was like, girl, I'm getting, she was like, don't tell me you're getting ready to come in for Camille. We, we were friends. Yeah. Like for years before that. So that was exciting. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Is That the norm on sex? No, it isn't always like that. Okay. And then you also, you know, when it, when it's gonna be for women, you just never know what you're gonna get. You hope that that is the experience. But you know, and we had talked about this a few years prior saying how it would be great if we got an opportunity to work on a show together. So when I called her and she was like, I can believe that's so exciting. It was like you just knew that God was in it. And I have to say, for me, this has been the best professional experience that I've had in my entire career. Wow. You know, you know, in a way it's, it's the end of a chapter, but it's exciting because the way that we end the chapter, we're really, really proud of.


And I think the audience is gonna get everything that they wanna get. But also I think that we got what we wanna get outside of having a movie additionally, but it's better, I think to, to move this way where it's, you know, you didn't stay for too long, but you gave everyone exactly what they wanted and needed. Mm. And I wanna give Megan her props too, because she was a great leader in setting the culture, the tone of our set. And everybody who has come and guest star, they've had a really great time. But we learned from Megan from Grace. Like it truly is a fun time. But also we have decided, we decided early on that we were gonna stick together throughout this situation.


So nobody could say, well, you know, this person was a difficult one, or this person was a this one or this. Because if there was a problem, we all have the problem. If there was, we all have it and we're on the Zoom calls or whatever, and you won't know where the source is because we didn't want it to be like somebody was pinpointed or somebody is this one's person S And we promised each other that if somebody says something to one of us about the other one, we not just gonna take it at face value. We come into the source and saying, Hey, did this really happen? That's my people do like, people do like to like separate women pin women against each other. Yeah. So I think it was really important for us to, and this is my second show, Emini here. I was like six months outta grad school And I booked this show and first time being the lead in something.


And then to get to do it like this, which is for me, my manifestation, and to be like, oh wait, no, actually for me, this can be the exp the norm of the experience. And y'all set the tone for that. So I thank you for being a great Leader. All right. We have more with The Cast of Harlem here, Megan. Good. Tyler Lepley, grace Bias, Shaniqua, Shandy, and Jerry Johnson. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Dj Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with The Cast of Harlem. Megan Good, Tyler Lepley, grace Bias, Shanik, Shandy and Jerry Johnson. Charlemagne Does acting allow y'all to just escape when you're dealing with all of these personal things now you can just go be somebody else for a few hours.


It allows you to work through things, you know, past trauma, certain experiences, whether it's childhood Emini here, whatever it may be. It allows you to have a place to put it to good use. And for it to be something that someone else can watch or see and take from it and go, okay, that made me feel not alone, or that made me feel seen or understood. So I think in a way it's therapeutic. I don't know if it really allows us to escape. I get to each zone. But that, I think the escape gets a little dangerous. So do y'all allow yourselves to lose yourself in a row? Or you don't, you don't. You, you Can't go to it. You can't. Wow. Because that's, I think the, if we think about like some of our greats that have lost themselves and then we lost them. I think that he fledger I was gonna say that.


Yeah. It's like when you go there, if you don't know how to unzip that character and step out in order to go home and not have that energy in your home, it gets crazy. But also the body doesn't know the difference sometimes. So when you go, when you're going deep into a character and you're not doing those things where you are separating, when you get home, your body don't know the difference. So if my character is going crazy, if I'm playing the Joker And I'm really in there Yeah. And I'm taking the joker home with me, my body don't know that I'm not the joker if I believe it enough. Right. And so sometimes, you know, it is good to be like, all right, I'm gonna give a cap on this.


Like, if I really gotta go there, I'm gonna go there for the six months. I gotta go there. But I'm already planning all the things I need to plan. So that day I'm done. My, it's already set up for me to release this. Whether I'm going to the ocean, whether I'm wherever I am, whether all of my friends come to my house to remind me of who I am, I have to have something. That reality sets me back to who I am or it's not gonna be, it's gonna be on my spirit and it's not gonna be good for me. Well then speaking of then, Jerry, wheres Ty's head at after she found out she smashed the mother and a door? She confused me. Now she gotta jump back into being tied.


Yes. That's crazy. That's crazy. You know, to find out something like that is like, how do you even deal with that? And I think Ty decides, because what does Ty really want? You know, she poll, she's single open. Like, I think she just greedy. Jerry is poly. What greedy. She ged, she greedy bitch. But she's loved big listen. Right? Even though Jerry is Polly, I wouldn't describe Ty as Polly. Okay. I think Ty was really wanting something, but also probably in that moment being greedy because she was wanting something. But having something else. And I think sometimes if, if my intention is commitment, then I have to go towards what that intention is.


And if it's commitment towards one person and I'm letting my energy fly, of course I might end up with a daughter and the mouth. I watch things you end up with. I knew what was going on And I was like, Ooh, I was sick. Grace, how has motherhood changed you? I think it, what I did not expect was that I, I was fully prepared to be like, I'm ready to learn everything I can about motherhood and my child. I did not anticipate that I was going to also go on a journey to learn about myself. And so I had to face things about myself in order to ensure his wellbeing. Right. So I had to go back to my own childhood, go back to the things that, you know, that I didn't realize that I was like holding onto or dealing with or like simple things like, you know, like being, being a recovering people pleaser.


Mm. I can't do that with my child. I will be so depleted. I will not show up as the mother that I need to be. So how do I then organize in my mind, like, how do I prioritize myself for real. For real? Yeah. You know? So like, things like that that I didn't expect that are really changing my life. Mm. Wow. Yes. Are Are these moments bittersweet knowing that, you know, this is gonna be the last time y'all probably do interviews together and things of that nature? Yeah. They said they, They, they talk about movies, they manifest a movie. So it's gonna be the last time We need a petition. Even if it's not this I, y'all could do something else. Y'all are so grounded. Even as just outside the cast, just hearing y'all speak like, yo, like even from the last interview that we had with you, like, so much growth.


Like, know what I'm saying? That you, you know. Oh Yeah. So I was, I was last time, right? No, yo. Yeah, she, Yeah. Well not that, but Y'all just, just, I don't know. It just, it is zenful, it's tranquility. It's just a whole bunch. Y'all are very grounded as a cast. So thank you. No, I appreciate that. I look forward to saying anything else. Not even, don't have to be hollering or just, you know, y'all can write your own movie. I can directly, we can just get it. Well listen, we love you guys Real before Able to come on here. Like, we really appreciate For real You. And even just like, you know, to all of us before, you know, as we saying goodbye, I feel like one of the biggest, you know, reasons it's not a sad goodbye is like for a multitude of things.


Like a, we have a, you know, we have a great beginning, middle, and now, you know, we knew our and we knew where we were landing at. So like that's a beautiful thing. Yes. But then on the flip side, off of the script, you know, because of the way we was able to come together as family, like I feel like this is a, you know, a lot of times when we say goodbye to people, it's like a sad goodbye. You know what I'm saying? But it's like, I really feel like this is a, you know, this is the opposite. It's almost like a happy goodbye. You know what I'm saying? When we say goodbye, it's almost like we raising the trophy up. You know what I'm saying? So it's on when I do. Yeah. It's on a good note. So when I think back about these times, it's not really gonna be a sad thing, you know, we are able to experience together, share it with The World and close the book at the right time. Right. Well Shaneika, you telling we not leaving like that? We leaving with your single So we gonna play your record, we gonna play your record.


We gonna play your record proud. But before, before we play your record, Ms. Grace, I felt a god in you this morning. Come on. Yes. We we gonna say a prayer before we get up outta here. I Do You Want, want me to say the prayer? I'm not saying I'm God is good. God's great. Thank you for the food we eat. So I'm let you do This prayer dinner on the table. He'd do that right? Alright, let's do it. Let's do it hands. Let's do it. Thank You dear Heavenly Father, thank you so much for this time together. Lord, we ask that you bless The Breakfast Club Lord, we ask that you bless our minds, our hearts, their words, your Father, thank you for a form like this or that we're able to galvanize as one that we're able to come together in truth and honesty and love and just celebrate amazing black work. Lord, we are so grateful for this moment, grateful for this time.


Dear Father, we ask that you go before us, that you make the crooked path straight. We ask that you continue to uplift us in your spirit. Dear Lord, let us always stay in your purpose, in your will. Lord, we thank you for your love. We thank you for your blessing. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Cast of Harlem, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Dj Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. Where's Khalifa? What's happening? My brother. Chilling. How you I ain't seen you in a minute. Not in person. I know it's been a while. Yeah. Yeah.


You've been working out. Covid happened. I've been taking care of my kids. Yeah. How are you? I'm amazing. Thank you. How are you? You still doing the MMA and all of that Good stuff? Absolutely. Every day where, Yeah. Yeah. You wake up and do it early in the morning or you I have like a routine. So I go to the gym five days a week. I do martial arts as well, so I'm like lifting martial arts And I do hot yoga three times a week. So I'll get up at like six with my kids, take care of my dogs and my kids. Then I eat breakfast, then I go to the gym probably around like nine ish, you know, from nine till about one or two in the afternoon. That's my program time. And then after that I got the rest of my day. Program Time mean what? The smoke?


No, no, no. Program is like workout. Gotcha. Oh Yeah. Whatever the program is for the day. That's what I do. So you Work out high Stoned? Yeah, I was about To say he probably smoke in between all of that or during, Yeah. Yeah. No, I smoke on the way to the gym and then on my way to the next event. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. I I I stay stoned. Okay. How, How Long have you been smoking now? Like how many years? I've been high for longer than I've been. Not high. Okay. Yeah. Consecutively. Yeah. Yeah. You you be doing the shrooms now too though, right? Nah, I quit doing shrooms. I did it for a minute, so I don't, I don't really need, I, I don't feel like I need to keep doing 'em over and over. I'm glad you said need, right, because I was gonna ask, what is your intention when you smoke weed nowadays? I just love being stoned.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I like the way it makes me feel. I like the decisions that I make when I'm stoned. I like the way movies look when I'm stoned. I like playing with my kids when I'm stoned. I just love being high. Yeah. Off marijuana though. Yeah, just marijuana. Not, not anything crazy. The cushion. Orange juice. Orange juice too. Yeah. Great project. I love the first half. Second half is dope too, but I really love the first half of it. Thank you. But it got like a 1990 now G Funk sound For sure. Was that intentional? Yeah, Yeah, definitely. I think that was like the original sound of cushion orange juice for a lot of people. It was like nostalgic for the nineties or G funk or you know, just riding around in the car, going to house parties, getting fresh.


It just got that whole, you know, player vibe to it and a little bit of funk to it as well. Just like the way the beats slap and the way that the, the bass is there. So a lot of the productions Cardo and Sled and e Dan and just the original people who, you know, put that sound together so it was really easy to just bring it back. Yeah. I'm glad you like it. Nice. You Went it Slaps. Thank you. You had announced in 2024 that this project was done and now it's here. Yeah. The release of it. So is it traditional release to streaming or like how are you gonna do it? 'cause Christian orange juice won. It was like you, you did your own thing. You dropped. Yeah. You kind of changed the way people were listening to music and mixtapes at the time, Right? Nah, this one's going to streaming. Okay. We releasing it through BMG and they've been really, really cool at letting me kind of just curate the vibe and what the feeling of it is and they understand what the project is and we've had meetings, you know, weekly just how we're gonna attack it and you know, make it last and make it something real.


So I've just really been really excited about updating, you know, the format. I think that's what's most important, especially for like being a OG in the game is releasing things with the times, how they are now, but also still being innovative as well. And that's why you see like in between, I've been dropping freestyles and doing a lot of stuff like just entertaining my fans because I still have that freedom. I'm able to do that as we get ready for the album too. So just to put it all together and make it current. I think that was the idea for all of us. You know, April 14th, it was the 15th anniversary of C Orange Juice Spot One. Yeah. Yeah, I did hear that. You did hear that. Yeah. Your Album, that's your dropped, I dropped so many albums and stuff like that. Like every month is an anniversary of another project, but 15 years.


Yeah, that's tight. And I, I think we're really lucky to be able, well I'm grateful to be able to drop, you know, the sequel as close as I did with the original one. I feel like that's like a, a sign. It just, you know, feels really Oh, So it wasn't playing? Nah, It just worked out like that. But it's just divine alignment. Yep. It all Worked out Like that. Do you remember your mind state? April 14th, 2010? I do, yeah. I was just getting off tour. I was in Miami. I was working on rolling papers, the album, but I already had Cushion Orange juice done and I had been hyping it up for a lot of months before, so my fans knew it was about to come out And I remember just going to the hotel room, I was in a nice ass hotel on the beach.


I was like, yo, I'm about to drop it. And I just released it from my computer that day. I was really, I was still am super confident, but I was really, really du like super duper confident about the music and just my connection with my fans. So that was the, the time to do it. Did It piss the label off when you dropped there? I Really wasn't signed at that point. They were kind of thinking about signing me, working on signing me, but it didn't piss them off at all. They knew how important it was for me to still curate that organic thing because at that time I was doing a lot more for myself than any label could do. And it's still like that. Like I promote myself, I do my social media, I do my merch, I do my marketing, I do all that. I just give you a whole package and then you could just, you know, you look like a genius.


Well Christian Orange was changed everything though. That was like your, that's like your section 80. That's your so far gone. Yep. That Like Banded the Taylor gang. Yeah, for the, for sure. Like


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now sharing Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging out and catching up. There's a Coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie or girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the laughs, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans and bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the BEST MOMENTS are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


We, we was talking about it before you came in. Like I remember the feeling when Cushion Orange Juice came out and like I was a senior in high school and like they would throw parties where you would literally come to smoke and only listen to Cushion orange juice and like, it was such a movement. I love that. It was like really such a movement. Yeah, Yeah. That's what it was for. So it was good that that happened. I, it was all intentional and it was like, like you said, that's like my, you know, or my doggy style or my illmatic, like I knew I had to make something that was like that, you know, that was a good one to be attached to. And yeah, it was just, I, I always tell people it's bigger than the music. It's stuff like what you're saying. Like that's what make it what it is. Like even this album now, it's amazing music wise, but you can't just sit there and listen to it. You gotta experience that.


You gotta go to a beach, you gotta go on vacation, you gotta kick it with the homies. You gotta hang out super duper late. You gotta hook up with somebody who you've been, you know, or you gotta meet somebody who you never even understood, understood that with you. That's what makes it what it is. And that's what I'm excited for people to experience as well as the music being good. People don't realize that though, when you put out music, music just provides the soundtrack Right. To whatever you're experiencing in life. Yeah. That's why you can never argue with certain people about certain albums because that time of life they were experiencing during that album. Yeah. You can't, like you, when somebody says, oh this is, this is gonna remind you of Wiz Khalifa CR, nah. Right. I'm on something totally different than I was in 2010.


Exactly. It's personal. But yeah, I think people do have those personal moments or those life decisions and what you're listening to at the time. Definitely. You know, dictates you know, what your memories of that are so it, it gets deep. Do You think that, 'cause I, I saw that you have like, it's 22 or 23 songs on a project. Yeah, 20, it's 22 I think. So four Bonus records. Four or five bonus records. Four Bonus Records. So normally with people who put that many songs on in one place, it's like you think people are gonna listen start to finish. But like I and me listening to it, I don't have any doubt that people will, do you think that the conversation that you're having at the beginning and then the conversation you're having at the end, is it cohesive or do you just throw songs on there? Like how do you kind of flowing out of Well, with this project, the last maybe four songs we put out before the album came out, we used this method called the Waterfall Method, where you put songs out and then add 'em to the album later.


That was a conscious decision because I didn't know what people were gonna want to hear. So those songs helped me dictate what I was gonna do with the album. And I still liked those songs, but they weren't exactly what you were gonna get from the full album. So I used that as an opportunity to, you know, do some promo and get the idea of the album out there. But by the time you get the actual real album, those 18 songs are brand new tho those are an experience that nobody has yet and that everybody's gonna get together. And that's where, to me the more of the conversation is, is from the intro to, to the 18 song. Yeah. It's pretty simple. It's, the whole album is just about keeping it players motivational.


It's get stoned and there's songs for the ladies and there's songs to ride around to. So as long as I'm in that pocket, the conversation is good in, in my opinion, I know what my fans want and what they expect. So I didn't go outside of that at all. All right. We Got more with Wiz Khalifa when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ a Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne Mc guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Wiz Khalifa. Charlemagne. Why a sequel after all of these years that, that could be hit or miss too. That's a put cushion on juice on something. Yeah, I just, again, listening to the fans, man, everybody was telling me like how much they missed that sound or that pocket of what I was doing at that time or how much they enjoyed it. So it's nothing for me as an artist to like, you know, dig in my bag and get with the producers that I trust and really not recreate that, but do what that sounds like now.


But it's the same feeling though, like, you know what Emini here and I'm not scared to do that. And it's all about the fans. It's offer them and it's what they want, you know, like a lot of nostalgic stuff is coming back and my era, like you said, is 15 years ago. So it's way, yeah, it's way further removed than it is close. So why not just go ahead and just revisit something that was, you know, big to us and that people appreciate. The problem with fans though, is they fickle and they don't want you to grow. So you, so you, so even though you've grown like you're a father now, like your life might be totally different than it was 15 years ago. They're like, no, I want 2010 wig. Yeah, that's impossible. The songs feel like That though. I don't think it's impossible. Really? Yeah, because I, I think they just want the best. Like I can experiment And I can sing And I can do country songs or pop records, but they like, yo, we like when you rap or I could wear, you know, high fashion and you know, runway stuff, but they're like, we like when you wear streetwear and it's not hard for me to just get right back into that.


It's like, okay, I'm trying what I like and I'm still gonna do that in my off time. Or if I get an opportunity to do it, I'm gonna throw a suit on and I'm gonna do a pop record, but it's not gonna be my song. It'll be somebody else's And I can still chart and perform it all over The World. But for my fans, I'm gonna give them what they want. Yeah. But you are a dad now, dad too. Yeah. Yeah. And then making this music and putting this project together, like it does still sound like Wiz Khalifa. It's, it's new and it's innovative, but it's, it's still the same feeling. Yeah. How do you, because you are different. You, your dad is so different now. Yeah, Yeah. I just keep it 100. Like that's what I always did. I always just talked about my life. I talked about my day, I talked about my week. So like, I, I've never run outta bars. What's it like doing this whole run? I see you got your Coachella bin on you.


Yeah. You doing this whole run Coachella. You I've shower since Coachella, Bro. These bands, they don't go nowhere, man. I need some scissor. Y'all got some scissors? I cut. I saw you were, you and Amy were dancing on the side of the stage. Yeah. Why was people so mad at your, that's your, that's your girlfriend. Why mad that you dancing with your girl? I Don't think people were mad. I think people just need clickbait. Like that's what The World we live in these days. But I don't live my life based off of that. I'm, I'm still gonna, if I'm hearing some music, like I'm gonna dance. But you never have like kind of leaned into all of that stuff though. No. Like you've always kind of like, just, even if it was happening, you did your own thing, but leading the what, like people, the clickbait stuff. So like, even when you were dating and now with Amy, just people are really invested in your life because you're such a big start.


Yeah. Now your kids are growing up and they're on social media as well too. People just wanna know things and they throw things on stuff. Yeah, I know. I'm in control of all of that though. I give them enough to, you know what I'm saying? Like, like I said, I don't live my life based off of it. Yeah. But I know that people are nosy. Like you haven't even seen my daughter and she's almost a year old. Right. So I can keep some stuff quiet. But this is the entertainment industry. So at the end of the day, people are gonna have their perception of whatever, whatever. But as long as my intentions are good, I know I'm out here doing exactly what I'm supposed to be doing and nobody who really knows me and and loves me is ever gonna be embarrassed by my actions when I'm outside. So Yeah, you don't be doing nothing. You literally be, I don't, How do you talk to like, 'cause Sebastian's older, getting older now, which is crazy because it's just crazy to see him.


Can he get older? Lauren, how it works? It's, it's literally like when you think about when he was first born to now and just being a fan and watching him grow, there's probably so much things that you guys decide when to talk to him about or not talk to him about, but your celebrity. So it's different. How do you kind of like, what is your discretion on like, here's what I allow him to know or see or whatever. Because you can't guard kids from everything. Yeah. We Just keep him 100 with him too. He is a smart boy and these kids are, we were, you know, grew up fast but they're growing up way faster on the internet and everything. Right. So it's just about keeping it real and you know, just allowing him to make his own decisions as well. It's like, I can tell you what to do, but you know what's right and wrong. And just instilling that in him and also his friend group too.


That's a real big thing now is his friend group. But I feel like just him being a kid, he's a normal kid. He goes through the same things that normal kids go through. He gets in trouble at school. We have to get on Zoom calls with his teachers, like all of that. Yeah. We on a Zoom call with a teacher. Yeah. How is it, like, how do the teachers react? Emini here? They're probably used to celebrity parents, but They'd be cool. They'd be chill. Like, I think it helps him a little bit more too. They're like, oh, we get to see Wiz here. You can pass this class. How is it being a father of a daughter now? I got four daughters. All I got is daughters. So I know daughters bring out a different energy. Yeah, man. It's, it's super duper sweet. She's su she's real young still. She's only eight months. She'll be nine months.


So her personality hasn't come out yet, but it is a little bit different having a little, a little girl. And I'm older now too as a parent. Like, I was 25 when I had bash. I'm 37 now. Right. So it's just like a whole different mind state, like having a a a new child and as a girl It was crazy to watch y'all all get older, yo. Yeah, exactly. Because I remember that whole not Kids get older. No, no, I'm saying Because you know what it is And I don't know if it's because of the internet. I don't think we've had another movement like that. Mm. Like when I think about the you and the Kendricks and the Yeah. I feel like the 2016, like Uzi and Cardi and them, they, oh they held, they held it down.


They had a movement. But I will say is d because I know what you're talking about with especially 'cause I'm from Delaware, he from Philly. But it was, it's still just different. Like, I can't really describe it like the way that the whole Taylor gang and like how we were dressing it was really different. Yeah. How often do you revisit the first Christian Rsgs Now? I listen to it a lot because we perform it a lot. Okay. Yeah. There's a lot of like festivals and places where they're like, can you come through and, and perform the whole catalog or give us three songs off of there or something like that. So I, I listened to it And I, I listened to it for inspiration too. Sometimes I, like, I sampled a couple songs on, on this new one from the old one. I like threw it in there. You wouldn't even know, but just to like keep the DNA there, can You get, can you tell me so I can go back and No, you'll figure it out now I gotta do it again.


Yeah, exactly. And again and again because It feel literally I said that earlier, it feels like the original cushion orange juice, even though it's new music, but, and a lot of artists can't do that. Not this far apart. Right. Hmm. Yeah. Yep. I love how you keep Max B's name a lot. Yeah. Yep. He's, he's on the new project. He gotta, yeah. He's also one of my favorite artists as well. Yeah. Yep. How Often do you speak to them? Here and there. Yeah. Especially now that the album's coming out and he's coming home too. Yeah. We talk here and there. It's nothing too crazy. It just be like, I see you big bro. How'd y'all get him on the project? Do over the phone? Yeah. That's not good as hell. Be a phone record. Yep. Well, a voice note. It's easy to do it on voice notes now and then just line it up. Like I told you, we manipulating music these days. It's, yeah.


So You take the vocal then put the beat behind it. He's not raping Through Beat Emini here. I guess I don't want people to start getting their friends in jail on their records, getting them in trouble because you can get outta jail. Tony Lane just did a whole album. I don't know how much I don't know. But don't do it. Stay outta trouble. The other thing I was gonna say too, man, do you see the moments in your life when like your career just went up? Like for example, like when you put out we them boys, that's another level you put out. What was the other? Black and yellow. That's another level. Oh my God. And then see you again. Come on. That's every white person in America's favorite funeral Anthem. Favorite funeral Anthem. It is though. Yeah. Nah, I look at my career like, like a basketball player or something like that.


Like me being signed to Atlantic. I did really well, like being a major artist. So I look at it like that. How, how, how do you feel about your children being open to public scrutiny, like mother on social media commenting and Yeah. Nah, it is what it is. Like they gonna go through that anyway at school. Like they got Snapchat and they be doing all that stuff at school. So that's just The World that we live in now. And like back in the day we used to rip on each other too. So we just didn't have the computer to do it. But it builds tough skin and it is what it is. Like I've always been able to still be confident in myself and function and not crash out, you know, due to what anybody says about me. So I feel like they'll be all right.


They'll, is It the weed, like whenever you feel yourself about to crash out or like do you roll up? Nah, Nah. No, no. It's not the weed, it's the confidence. Man. I breathe. I, I do yoga. I believe in myself. I got a higher calling and sometimes they might be right. I do look funny sometimes my feet, my feet are ugly. Or not ugly but messed up. But like, you can't get mad at like, you know, people pointing out your flaws. 'cause we're not perfect. So if you point out a flaw, you might be right. Alright, We got more with Wiz Khalifa when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Wiz Khalifa. Lauren, since You, like, there are people that are younger than you just in music that I'm sure call you about different things because creatively yeah, your music does inspire people like you mentioned.


But like, just as a dad and in a relationship, a lot of your stuff is public. I saw a conversation interview where I think it was Amber, she was talking about you guys had to sit down, Sebastian have a conversation. He found her OnlyFans or something like that. How do you guide, first of all yourself and have that conversation with your son, but when your friends, your peers are calling you like, yo, my girl's doing this online or like, whatever. What, what's your conversation with people because you handle things so well and so gracefully. Yeah, I think I don't expect everybody to handle things the way that I do. So my advice sometimes is like, man, be fucked up dog. Like that's, that's just how it is. That's rude though. But you have to accept it and you have to understand that that's a part of it as well.


And it be like that sometimes. But we make these decisions based off of what we think we can handle and what we can't handle. So, or you're given a lot of responsibility based off of what you can handle and you don't even know you ready for it like that. So if you really want this, you gonna, you gonna deal with the good and the bad. Like I'm built for it. I know how to smile. I know how to, you know, put on a face in front of people who I know might have talked on me or tried to cut my throat or one up on, you know what Emini here. But it is what it is. I don't get no further by exposing all of that. I get further just by being me. But a lot of people ain't built for it like that. So, you know, you really, you, you really gotta be like that As a parent though.


Are you ever really ready to have those like really public conversations with like, that's such a public thing to have to talk about in your child to see and then in private you have to deal with it, but then also in public you have to deal with it because then y'all talk about the fact that it happened. I think like me, I just keep it pushing like as long as I'm good, like in the household, you're gonna have to deal with that or things like that regardless. If it's not even directly involved with you, you're still gonna have to have some type of conversation like that with your kid. And it's not easy for anybody. So as soon as they start finding that stuff or looking at that stuff or hearing things about, you know, it might be their parent, it might be their sibling, it might be, you know what Emini here, it could be whatever.


There's no age limit to that either. It happens through their teens, it's gonna happen in their twenties. Oh, I heard your son is out here, da da da da. Right? I don't even know what that's like yet. But we go through the stages. Every parent's gonna go through the stage. But as far as publicly, I don't live my life for the public. So I don't even, like, I don't even consider that when I'm making my moves, I don't care. Like I don't hear it, I don't digest it. It is not, it ain't, it ain't real to me. And if it pops up, then it's something that I could, you know what Emini here, I'll deal with it in the moment. But it's like I ain't tripping on none of that. Are you gonna keep secrets from your kids? What kind of secrets? Well, just in general, like, you know, I always tell people that, you know, you should always have conversations with your parents 'cause you'll find out that they had a life before they were your parents.


Yeah. I think having, how old are your kids? 16, 9, 6 and three. Yeah. Having a 12-year-old is like, I'm finding out that they know way more than you actually think that they know. Right? So it's hard to keep secrets when they're telling you that they know that you thought that they didn't know word. So it's like, damn you, there ain't no secrets. Like for real, for real. You, I'm, I didn't even know I was gonna have to explain that to you. But it's just part of it like, because I think the benefit of that is them not having to hear it from somebody else. Like I was raised by my cousins and you know what Emini here, bunch of 18 year olds and 20 year olds when I was his age. So I was learning things a little bit differently.


Like the filter was totally different. So I would rather be able to give my kids that knowledge than like the streets. The radio. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Because it's going to happen. What is a Drake move with? What's a Drake move? What is a Drake move? A very smart business decision. I know that's right. That's what a Drake move is. No, you know, Emini here. You know what I wanted to ask you too, man. You know, you've been a mentor to a lot of great people And I recently saw this thing called the Mount Rushmore white rappers and the good brother Mac Miller was on there. You know how, I don't know if you saw it, but how did that make you feel knowing that you was a mentor to him?


Because he's the greatest rappers of all time. It was Eminem, it was Mac Miller. They shouldn't be separating white rappers and black rappers. They're all rappers. And Mac Miller is an amazing artist, bro. Like, I watched him, you know, come from just being a kid in the studio to like really changing how people digest and listen to music like on his own. And of course we started, he, he started like, kind of after I was doing what I was doing. So it was people associated me and him together, like I was doing that for him or something like that. But he was just inspired by what he was around. And as soon as he like branched off and started doing his thing, he, he gained his own identity, his own fan base, his own expectations of what his music is and his own, you know, love and and legacy for what his music is.


So I love, I love that kid. It's been, it's been seven years since Mac passed. Do you have those moments where you like, Mac not here? It kind of still bothers me just because like, he's not here. Like, you know what Emini here and that's the, that's the part that sucks 'cause it happened like close to my birthday. So every time it's around my birthday they celebrating The World, you know, celebrating his life too. So I'm always reminded, I'm like, damn bro, that one's just like, it is like, sometimes when people pass it's like, yo, that's up, bro. Like yeah, you never really, it never really sit sits well. Like, you know what, Emini here. So that's one of them. Did it shift anything in your life? Nah, not really. 'cause I knew him personally. Gotcha. So we would have conversations and you know, he was like, I think outta respect everybody don't speak on like how, what he was dealing with.


You know what I'm saying? So we just like talk about his legacy. But it was, it was a lot to see him go through that Just to see you smile. Was that a difficult record? No. To make. Okay. I like to make real songs. It was in, it was, like I said, it was in the moment and I talk about my mom on there. I talk about like the original, like what was going on when I first started making music And I brought it till now. And then I talk about my sibling who passed away on there as well. So no, it's not difficult for me. Is it therapeutic in a way? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would say that. I think it's just like, for me, I have to talk about everything. Like I can't just, I can't just give you like one side of like what's going on. And a lot of people, they may or may not want to hear that, but for the people who do, I make sure that that stuff is there And I make sure that it's it's current and that it's real to, for them to go through too.


Hey, Wiz man, keep doing what you do, man. Thank you. You are a a, a blueprint. Thank you. Whether people realize it or not appreciate it. You know what I'm saying? From the music aspect, even to the entrepreneurial aspect, you got strains of weed, you got mushrooms, you got Liquid def Liquid. Liquid Def The World. Yeah. You involved in that. That is so Unbrand for you. Yeah. Oh my god. No. Liquid def was yours. Yes Sir. Explain that. How did you get Involved early before they even took off. Like it was like, hey, boom, boom, bam. And the whole business thing and the whole, you be a part of this, we do that and Liquid Death. Oh, I knew about the gin. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. With Sovereign Brands. This Was, yeah, I've been, I've been a part of this, this company almost 10 years now.


Liquid Death. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Yeah. You see that everywhere? Yes. That is so everywhere. The first time I saw it, I was like, what? Why are you drinking that? And then they explained that it was water. It is water. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, oh, okay. Yeah. But even the can and the way that it's branded, it just fits your whole aesthetic. Yep. That's, what else do you do business wise on the back end at like, Emini here if you wanna talk about it, but I feel like there's a whole portfolio back there that the people might not know. Like You said McQueen. But we, we are part of that whole company though. The whole douche and Bel Air and all of that. Oh, PFL as well. I don't know if you guys ever heard of Professional Fighters League, but I'm involved with them too. We just bought Bella tours and UFC and then there's PFL. That's me. I Heard PFL. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yep. I'm, I'm down with with them too.


Wiz Khalifa, man. Yes. Cushion Orange juice Too. I made it through. Say Yes. Like I made it through. Come On now it's easy For Wiz Y'all cool. I came to see y'all Christian orange juice and y'all about to go on tour. The Taylor game World tour Game. The World. Yep. Taylor Game. The World Christian orange juice to follow me on all socials. TikTok Wiz Khalifa Instagram Wiz Khalifa, ex Wiz Khalifa. Yeah, It is Wiz Khalifa, The Breakfast Club. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. I was born a donkey. It's the donkey of the devil. Put a donkey of the day.


That's pretty fun. Charlemagne the devil. The Breakfast Club Man. Who you hear the Best of today too, man. Well, sexy Red donkey today goes to five Memphis men. Mikel Sanders, 18 Rashaan Bryant 22, Jordan Smith, 19, Andre Cole Mays 18, and Desmond Subbury 18. All of them have been arrested. And your Uncle Charlin needs to let all U Yns know something. Please, please, please stop with the organized crime. Seriously, man, if you can create, you know, a, a criminal enterprise and you can also, and you also have the brains to start some type of small business.


I'm just sick of hearing about young people coming together to form drug rings and fraud schemes, even organized stuff. If you can put so much time and energy in doing the wrong thing, then you can put that same time and energy into doing the right thing. Okay? You youngins are not applying yourself properly. And you could be, and that's what frustrates me the most. Okay? You unity and group operation is a must. But why do we only seem to see you under the end group operation when folks is coming together to commit crimes and this country not playing with you? Okay? They are ready at all times to introduce you to their good friend Rico. And these five Memphis men, sadly are the latest example of that. Would you like to know what the criminal behavior was? Would you, everybody take a deep breath. Come on, Take a deep breath.


Because this type of organized crime is triggering. Let's go to the Miami Herald for the report, please. Tennessee. Cops say traffic came to a halt at a downtown Memphis intersection when five men leapt from their car and began twerking before baffled motorists in Tennessee. It happened Monday, March 10th, about three blocks east of the Mississippi River. And the dancing was still in progress when a police lieutenant drove up. What the officer saw was a 2016 Chevy Malibu blocking traffic at a green light and four men twerking around the car outside. A fifth man was spotted dancing on the car's hood. The five men were taken into custody so the offense would not happen again. And they were charged with obstructing traffic. The men ranged in age from 18 to 22. A motive behind the stunt was not released.


Five Memphis men got together to disrupt the lives of law abiding citizens just trying to go about their day. A vehicular blockade caused by booty. That's what this was. Hey, Mikel, Rashan, Jordan, Andre, Desmond, when you were scrubbing the ground cheeks, the concrete, did you think about the ambulance you may be keeping from getting to the hospital? The person who just got a job, first day of work and they about to be late because of your traffic tampering through twerk terrorism. This should be an episode of Law and order the twerk victims unit. Okay? Not only is this a criminal enterprise, it's a whole production. You all probably had gorilla blasting. Okay? Cameras out just to synchronize routine of reckless rump shaking. Why first degree felonious fraggled Ry.


That's what this is. Okay? The unlawful act of throwing it back in a way that disturbs the peace blocks traffic and disrupts people's everyday lives. Why we cannot let the as cartel get away with this? Are we really gonna sit back and allow an underground network of professional rus shakers to disrupt society? People like this don't think of anybody but themselves. The only real luxury any of us have is time people. Okay? Because it doesn't come back. So imagine you running late for something important, rushing to pick your kids up, trying to make your Brazilian wax appointment. I have one today, by the way. And you're stuck in traffic because five grown ass loose booty bandits decided to turn the highway into Magic City Monday.


They are all charged with obstructing a highway or a passageway. But I feel like this should be a freako case. This is a Freako case, okay? There has to be a stiffer punishment for this organized booty movement because this was a coordinated effort to weaponize the wobble in public. Where is President Trump to sign an executive order to stop discreet s scripting syndicate. Huh? If he doesn't intervene, this could get outta control. Okay? Men will mimic this behavior all over America. This could get outta hand. Do you really want criminal organizations dedicated to twerk related infractions popping up all over the country? Do we really want booty trafficking? Didi, don't you answer that? Okay. The illegal transportation and distribution of reckless twerking across state lines.


Do we need that? Let's do better. Please give Mikel Sanders, Rashaan Bryant, Jordan Smith, Andre Cole Mays and Desmond Subbury the biggest chaw. I have a question now. If this was back in your day and five Women back in my day, like you wasn't born in 1,977, if Five women were twerking in front of you, would you mind? Would you call the police back in your day? First Of all, I don't have time for your hypotheticals. Let's deal with the reality of the situation. So that's what's wrong with people nowadays. They don't ever want to deal with the reality of things. Let's deal with the shared reality.


Somebody, some, I'm gonna show you this mugshot. Look at that. Don't get bricked up over there. Can you see this, Jess? I'm not, can you? Damn. Can you see it? Somebody sitting in this picture to just, I don't want you to get bricked up, up over there. I'm not bricked Up. Nowhere near bricked up. Don't get bricked up over, even If it was women Emini here, if you trying to get somewhere that's That's right. Like What? What Are we doing? This ain't got nothing to do with the agenda of nothing. Mm. Why you disrupting traffic. Stopping people's day. Okay, we got things to do. You just hopping out of a 2016 Chevy Malibu. The twerk in the middle of the street for what? In 2025. Come On, stop. This ain't got nothing to do with gender. Mm. You keep looking at the picture Because I'm trying to figure out what they all identify. That's There's one with red Hair, right?


You know what? Hey, hey. It don't matter. There was an executive order that 90 bucks. You Right, you right, you are absolutely right. Right? All right. Okay. Well, thank you. Say There's pride every day. Talk about it. All right, well thank you for that dog in the day. The Breakfast Club Everyone. More dangerous Morning show The Breakfast Club Charlemagne. The God. Lauren LaRose is here. Jess Hilarious is here. Who's filling in for envy? Lauren LaRose is filling in for Vy. Absolutely. Is Vy filling in? He's here. I'm Here. We doing well? She's filling in. Yeah. Yeah. He's a guest today though because his new book, real Life Real Family with the Queen of the House, Gia Casey is out right now. How you feeling Gia?


Humbled by being given the opportunity to write a book about something that is the most important thing to me. The thing I'm the most passionate about, the thing that brings me the most joy. Family parenting, my household, our home. So yes, I'm very humbled. Mm. This is the second book? Yes. It's amazing. You know what, let's just rewind it back. For those who don't know, who is the Casey crew? Where did that name come from? How did y'all get started? Do you, do you remember The Casey Crew? Yeah, it's our last name. What do you mean? No, No, no. But do you remember how we came up with the name? No. How did we come up with the name? We were doing our first podcast and it was before we were doing like the audio version, it the, the video version.


It was just the audio version. And we started the podcast without a name and we sat there and we kind of was coming up with like different names. And one of us said, well how about the Casey Crew? You know, last name is Casey. We have a whole crew of kids. A whole gaggle. Yes. What about the Casey crew? And then people, you know, DMed us and emailed and whatnot. And they said, yeah, we love that name. We love that name. So we decided to call ourselves the Casey crew. Amazing. That's where it came out. Okay. And and gear, whenever you post on social, you always hashtag the the Casey crew. Yes. Envy does as well. But one of the things that you guys do really good from the podcast to bringing it online is you pay attention to the comments and the responses. Gia does Gia. Yeah. And you, you guys bring them into the podcast, but you also like reflect on them on social media.


Yes. So I wanna read one of the, the posts that, that we pulled. And I thought that this was great. You inspire me, this is someone commenting to you guys, you inspire me. I wish all parents had this level of intention, planning and vibe. Truth is, most parents moms are stressed, overworked by trying to make ends meet in harboring trauma. Therefore it's passed down to the children. You've passed down light and love because of that and because of what you are high five to all of the parents doing their best. And you use that as a moment to talk about like, no, it be it. Get a little crazy over here. Oh yeah. But it's important because when you, if you've ever been around your family, it is a lot of love and a lot of life. But I'm sure on the inside things get crazy. Well, you know, that's a big misconception.


People assume that because you live a certain lifestyle or because you've earned a certain financial status that you don't have the same problems that they have. You know? So that comment really, really stood out to me because she spoke on the troubles and the trauma and the word trauma that she used. And Rashan will speak on the word trauma. Sometimes he feels as though it's a word that's overused, but it's a word that represents something that so many people endure. The difference now is that we have words to identify how we feel and what we go through. And it's articulated because when our feelings and our experiences are articulated, then you're able to communicate.


Yeah. People are able to understand you. You're able to understand other people. You're able to have empathy and compassion for other people. 'cause now we're all speaking a universal language, right? Like the word triggered, like the word trauma, like the word gaslit, gas, you know, these are things that some may think are overused. Now that's exact words. Yes. But there is value there. Yeah. There is value there. Because now we can see each other. We understand each other. When you're trying to create a safe space, you know, how is it to venture into an unsafe space like the comics, especially with somebody that's on the air every day. You know what Emini here, people have an opinion about every day. So I read every single comment, Every last comment, every Be interacting a lot.


You interact. I interact. Yeah. It started when I had a lower follower account. It started because I always felt that if someone follows me, that's an investment and a small investment maybe. But it's an investment that they put into me. And they're looking at my content. Content. They're looking at my pictures. And you left a comment. I wanna respond back to you. I used to respond to almost every comment, you know? But then when my followers went up, I wasn't really able to do that. And that was something that, you know, I had to take that on the chin. I wasn't able to. But it's a sign of respect. And you said, why do I do that to myself? Yeah.


Because I'm strong enough to do that. That's right. I'm strong enough to do that. The comments don't, if they are negative, And I have to say I don't receive a lot of negative comments, thankfully, thank God. But if they are negative, I look at it as insight. I might ask myself, why might someone have that perspective? To me, it feeds my mental, because I'm a thinker, I'm a deep thinker. I mull over things. I love to understand people. So for me, the comments are food. And they also bring me happiness when they're good. Yeah. It lets you know that you're reaching someone, you're whatever it is that you're putting out. 'cause it's, it's, it's in the sense of sharing, there's a lot of things that I don't share. So if I choose to share and it's well received, then that's a good feeling.


I think that's why a lot of people are on, or part of the reason why a lot of people are on social media. You know what Emini here and I'm strong enough to do so. And that's because of the way that I was raised. Yeah. I was raised to be a very strong and resilient woman. It comes directly from my parents. I'm fortunate in the sense that I can look back and identify things about the way that I was raised, that created the individual, the woman, the mother, the wife that I am. And it's, for me, it's a very beautiful thing. Both of my parents are no longer here. So to be able to say, wow, when my mother did this every single day, or when she took me here once a week, or when she said this to me and those compliments.


So, and that the way that she fed me and she fed my soul. And the joy that I experienced and the amount of fun that I had as a kid. Like, I loved my life. And it's not because we were wealthy, we were not, we're a middle, middle class family. I'm from Brooklyn, from East Flatbush. We weren't raised, you know, like I'm from an urban area and it's not, it had nothing to do with money. It had nothing to do with wealth. It had everything to do with what my parents poured into my home and the love that I felt. And that is what we put into writing this book. There's a lot of books that we could have written. You know, so many ideas came. Oh, 'cause real life, real love was a huge success. It was a national bestseller.


So it's like, you can write a book, book about this. You can write, we said we wanna write a book about family. It's what we know best. Yeah. It's what we know best. We've had so many ups, so many downs, so many wins, so many losses, so many things that we thought we were doing right. That we weren't, that we had to regroup and make sure that we were balanced. You know, as, as a married couple. Because when we didn't agree, it's like, my way is better. No, my way is better. And this, you know, we had, we had to come to a meeting of the minds. Yeah. You know what Emini here. So our relationship, you know, the relationship grew, you know, because we had to learn how to see eye to eye as parents. So there was just, there was many, many ups and downs. And we wanted to pour that all into a book.


You know, we wanted to let everyone know. Like it's really that village mentality. It's really that like we are a community, especially our black community. Because I'm black. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. For the record, he is black. For the record. Thank you for he's 100% black. He doesn't have, he doesn't have an ounce of Spanish. Black. He's black. But I'm, I know that you're well aware because you speak to things of this nature often, but our history is being erased in schools and it's being stripped away silently in society.


So the foundation starts in our homes. Yeah. We have to teach children how to identify themselves. We have to teach children that sense of belonging. And they have to understand that they come from something meaningful. And if you leave it up to society to teach them that you're gonna wind up with children that are lost, that are overlooked, that don't know how to identify themselves, that get taken advantage of and that are susceptible to what society wants for them. So for us, our core, our nucleus, our foundation, our home supersedes anything else in this world.


We put our family first. All right. When we come back, we have more with Gia Casey, our book, real Life Real Family is in stores right now. A Guide to Raising Empower Children. We'll be back in minutes since The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the Guy. We are The Breakfast Club Loan LaRosa is here. As well as we are kicking it with Gia. Casey, our new book, real Life Real Family is out today. You can pick it up at Amazon, Barnes and Nobles or Audible. Jess, Would you say that you and Envy have two different parenting styles? Absolutely. Who, who's the more lenient parent? Who's the more lenient parents? It depends what it is.


Okay. Like, you know, everybody knows, my dad is retired police officer and ex-military. So I'm disciplined. I was the yeller, the screamer because I said so. Yeah, GIA is a lot different. The Truth You did, you did Like I'll into gi like seven hours. Like it. It don't be, this is true. She wants to know why. Yeah, why did you feel that way? And I said she likes to break down. Yes. What if you don't get it? You gonna get it by the end of the right. Right. Burn not trip up on them words. Exactly. So you gotta think, really think before you speak to her. 'cause she's like, all right, well explain that like I just said it just because No, no, no. Explain this. But, so I'm more like, 'cause I said so she's more like, well you can't go to the mall because of this, because this,


some Of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for ears. And now Shera coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging and catching up. There's a Coke with your name on it. Or better yet, your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl. It's a classic. Names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins. And even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No. It's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the BEST MOMENTS are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's Dj Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


What happened? Explain your parenting style. Mine is my dad was like, no. And you didn't ask why. You don't ask why it was what it was. You just figured out later Gears is a little different. I prefer The explanation. Yeah. Yeah. So that's how my parents were with me. I knew that my parents were invested in me living a happy, fulfilled, and fun life. Mm. And we didn't go lightly on the fun. And because I knew that and, and, and my parents never said no, just for the sake of saying no. Hmm. Because parents are overworked and they are stressed. And the last thing they wanna hear when they walk through the door is, mommy, can I, can you take me here? Can you buy me this? Can we watch this together? Can we go like slow down?


Yeah. No. And sometimes you say no. You don't even know why you're saying no. That's not a good parenting technique. Yeah. You really have to take a moment. You have to take a beat. We all have to take a beat to listen to our children and be patient. And because I knew that my parents were invested in me that way, I knew that when they said no, there was a good reason. You know? How Do you make sure you not, you're raising the kids out of love and not fear Though. That's such a good question. It comes with the explanations. Do you know what Emini here, I don't tell them you can't do this and you can't do that. Why? Because I said so. Let me explain to you why. You know, sometimes we'll watch the news together. You know, when they're at an appropriate age at about nine years old, you know, I think that they're mature enough to ingest certain things.


So what I do is I would record it on my DVR and then cherry pick different stories that I think that are appropriate that speak to the protective measures that we take on them. You know what Emini here? Yeah. So it's like if I see a child abduction that's not too traumatic, I might save that and then show it to a child that's old enough. You know, I did it with Madison, I did it with Logan. And I find that they take that into their adult lives and they're very, very, like Madison walks around like a police officer. Hmm. She has a boyfriend. His name is Andrew. And when they go into a restaurant, she's the one that sits facing the door. She feels like the protective force in that relationship because her head is always on swivel.


You know what Emini here, she could tell you a car that was driving six cars ahead. Yeah. You know, and she's always paying attention to license plate. When she was young, I used to go through like, in case you get kidnapped scenarios because it's the type of information that can save young a life. Girls are being taken. Yeah. So if you have a young girl, it is very proactive to educate them about the realities and the tricks and the cons that people, you know, because even me, as proactive as I try to be, that whole technique with a baby crying outside your house, I would, I would be inclined to open the door. Yeah.


If I hear a baby crying in a, in a someone that sounds like a mother yelling and screaming outside the house. I am that type of person, but not me. But now you, I I am, I am like something wrong Now what's Emergency? I would my heart with my, I would be inclined to open that door. But now with all the knowledge and some of the good things about social media is that so much knowledge is being spread. So now we're consuming good information as well. So I heard that. I'm like, wow. That's absolutely right. It jogs your thinking. It makes you say, oh wait a minute. I do have to put myself first. Even if someone else a stranger seems to be in need, I have to prioritize myself, my home, my family.


So, you know, it's, it's important to spread information and to teach your kids, even though it may be a little scary, but you do have to do it in a way where it doesn't incite fear. Yeah. How y'all pick and choose what y'all like, what y'all decide to be transparent about. Like, it's just so much and your kids are getting older and they're like, you know, like they, they're wanting to walk by themselves with their friends. How do you know, you know what, if it was up to me, I'm transparent with everything. Right? Gia has to hold back a lot. Like for instance, like with Logan, right? Logan, when he was in high school, used to get picked on all the time, but he used to get picked on. Guess for what reason? Oh me. Life gen. No, 'cause because Charlemagne and gay is gay. Yes. Yes. So stop being Gay. I tell you all the time. No, when you gave me the ass, that's why. Pause. What?


Wow. Yo, he get thick. He Gave me the butt cake when He gave me the, that, That much better. What he, he gave me the not about hate. Hey Bob. But it's, you don't do that. So You used to be getting made fun of of course of that. So, but the reason I'm so transparent is there's so many families and people dealing with the same things, but never want to talk about it. Right. Scared to. So that's why I talked about the orgasm thing in the first book. That's why in this, in the second book, we talk about, you know, the time na Thing from the first book shut. No, no, we're not doing that. Every interview you do that it every interview.


Lauren, do you wanna do some research? No, I already know. No, you should tell the listeners. But So even like in this book, we talk about the time that, that Logan found a bloody condom at one of his friend's house. Mm. So he came, but he's comfortable. Why you looking at that? It wasn't mine. He's like, oh, he found a bloody, it wasn't our house at His No. Was at his friend house. Was at his friend's house. House. And and he was like maybe nine years old. Nine Years old. He, He was about nine years old. But He was comfortable enough to come up mom and Ask they were in the basement and, and the little boy had an older brother. Oh, okay. So you Say when Charlamagne gave daddy the s that Oh my gosh.


So she had, that's when we had The sex talk and Gia had to have the sex talks with Logan and Madison. What kind of sex talk though? No, I'm sorry. It wasn't a back door sex talk. So it ain't just birds and bees. Birds and wasp and birds. No, I'm, yeah, birds. They, they got a full-blown Okay. Sex talk. They had to understand because if you leave It up, not backdoor sex talk. If that's what you, if that's No, no. I'm really trying to figure out why was the condom bloody, I'm really asking somebody ran red. Like, or yeah, somebody just, somebody butt open And I, nah, somebody ran a red light out could Also be like a first time thing. Yeah. Yeah.


But no, they, at that point I found that they were old enough and mature enough and you're, they're encountering things now. These conversations are being had amongst their peers. And I knew that if I didn't set them straight, that they were going to be absorbing all of this wrong information and wrong ideas. So I told them, sex feels good. It's a ful experience. God made us that way because God wants us to reproduce. Right. He wants us to create offspring. So he made it something that we would enjoy, but it's meant for someone that you love and that's the reason why. So they're like, oh, okay, so what is it like?


Yeah. And what Did you say? Okay, if I'm being honest, I told them that there is a penis and there is a vagina. And my son Logan was like, so like this. I was like, yeah, something like that. I said, you know, some people look at it as a negative thing. He No, no, no. He really Didn't. No, he really didn't. He really, even, even like my 11-year-old son right now, he does not know. So when they ask me questions that I don't want them to know about, and he's older than Logan was, but now with I, I have a better grip on his friends and a grip on what he's exposed to on his phone and whatnot and parameters, boundaries.


So I'm really abreast of what he knows and what he doesn't. And our lines of communication are Way better. Yeah. All right. We have more with Gia Casey, when we come back, our new book, real Life Real Family is out today. It's a guide to Raise and Empowered Children. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's Dj Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long LaRosa is here as well as we are kicking it with Gia. Casey, our new book, real Life Real Family is out today. You could pick it up at Amazon, Barnes and Nobles or Audible. Jess, You have six kids. So is there anything that you felt like in the beginning y'all didn't know until y'all got to that six kid?


Of course. Yeah. Like what were some of the, I'll give you an example. The thing that You didn't know, you just was like, man, Rashaan winging this. I'll give you, I'll give you an example. So one of, one of the fails, and this was something that we disagreed on. So it was the explaining everything to the kids. I have the patience to do it. And he really is a, because I said so type of guy, and it worked beautifully with Madison, but with Logan from a young age, I would explain everything to him. And he's a mama's boy Times 30. You know what Emini here, like, we're very, very close. But it kind of went wrong with him because what we found was that we created an environment where he felt that he was entitled to an explanation and he felt as though, because we gave him too safe of a space that he could challenge me and he can challenge a decision that I made.


So we had to dial that back, teach boundaries, and then we had to teach boundaries and let him know his place. Yeah. So that was a fail in a sense. And Rashan would always look at me like, see, I told you, like, see, I told you I'm always the bad guy. 'cause now I gotta go discipline that. So now me and Logan get into it, and now You can't beat Logan 'cause Logan did. So now I gotta discipline Logan and then me and Logan get into it. But one thing about Logan and, and all of our kids, which is the craziest thing, is they're very forgiven. Like with Logan, I have to get sometimes so disrespectful for him to understand and the next day he's like, Hey dad, what's up? And I'm like, Hey dad, what's up? But that's how he is. And he just has conversations.


But we have those conversations and we understand and we talk. But he's, he, he's the one that just like his mom, you know, I love that y'all have a family mission statement. Yes. What, what is the mission statement? And tell people the importance of that. Well, just so we know we don't have it on our wall and then make the kids read it when they walk in the house. It's not that type of mission statement. It's not, it's not like that. So, so our mission statement is just something that we, you know, as a family, we all live by. Right. And I'll read some of them. And the reason is, is we are a cl a close unit, right? So if you see us together, we are all always out together. You, you see me the other day with, with Jackson. You seen me before And I charlamagne seen me before. So the mission statement is, we are a unit, right? We all ride together. Like we are really a unit, a unit. I'm an only child, so I'm heavy into taking care of each other.


We respect each other. Of course. It's simple. We like, we make sure that, you know, we respect each other's feeling. We always have each other's backs. That's one thing that we always do. And it's, you know, sometimes when we have conversations up here, I always talk about my kids. So when they see stuff on social media, at times I have to stop them because they will go in, especially Logan. Logan will go In, he's, he's like, oh yeah, We always love uplift each other and point out the good in one another. Right. We see that more, especially with our girls in dance because they compete against each other a lot. Lot. Yeah. So when they do, we have to make sure that regardless of what happens, like a couple of weeks ago, London lost and we thought London got jerked. So I told, you know, I had a conversation with Brooklyn. Oh yeah. And Brooklyn was like, dad, don't worry, I'm gonna get first and second floor. And she went out there and bust ass and got first And second.


She got first place and second place, place and Gave, you know, gave the first place to her sister because that's what it was. We represent each other at all times. That's how it always is. So we always tell our kids, if we are not there, you make sure that those parents come back and say, oh my gosh, he was such a pleasure. He was polite, he was this, even with Jackson at the game, you know Jackson said thank you 1,000,001 times to you. Yeah. He said hello 1,000,001 times to you because that's what he's taught to do. That you show respect. Yeah. With that, my goal for my kids is that when they leave our house, I want everyone that they come in contact with to know that they're well loved what we teach you inside this house. You exemplify outside of this house. And these are things that a lot of parents don't put into perspective when raising children.


Because what do we usually do? We take like, you know, an idea and we throw it against the wall. Yeah. And we see if it sticks or not. You know what? Emini here. Oh that worked. Oh that didn't. Okay. But a lot of people don't have something tangible that they can go back to and be like, this is a way to create a foundation. Right. This is a way to create a structure. And because we had so many ups and downs, we were able to do that and put it in one place. And I think the biggest story I know you hate when I tell the story was Jackson, right? So we had a parent teacher's night a couple of weeks ago. Oh. And a teacher came up to me, teacher that I had no idea. Yeah. Didn't know who he was. He Was a STEM night. A stem night, Right? Yeah. So he walks up to me, he was like, well you Jackson's dad. And I'm like, yeah, when a teacher usually ask that, usually some bs, right? So I'm like, oh, here we go, what did Jackson do?


And he was like, I just wanna tell you, you know, Jackson did something that no child or adult has done in my life. The other day I'm walking down the hall and Jackson comes running up to me and he goes, you know, are you okay? And the teacher was like, what do you mean? He was like, you just don't look as happy as you usually do. Or you all right. Is anything bothering you? Would you like to have a conversation with me and just talk it through Psychiatrist What He was like, nah, you just don't seem as happy as you do, but don't let things stress you out. Just pray on it and tomorrow will be better, right? And if you need to talk to me, come talk to me. And he said Jackson ran off and he was like, I never had an adult or a child ever do that to me. So he was like, whatever you're doing at home, continue that. And you know what Emini here, that just shows what the kids are learning at home is worth everything. You know what Emini here, you Need to report that teacher too.


He don't need to be in the school system. Ain't even told the next day. He probably was like, you got some time at the, y'all are such a beautiful family. Yeah. Y'all have Such a good job. Thank you. Thank you. You know, I find my husband, Oh God, real life, real family. Exactly. Yeah. Thank you for pulling up. And for everybody else, we just want to add this last part. We actually wrote it with somebody that helped us out with terms and helped us with different phrases and helped us with, made sure that we were actually doing the right thing when it came to raising our kids. Yeah. So we wrote it alongside a psychologist because Oh, dope. Yes. Because we wanted to make sure that our outlooks were, were on the level that I would want to put it out to the public.


I wanted the psychological research and quarterbacking behind the way that we parent to pretty much put a stamp on it to know that what we are doing, not just from our personal experience driven point of view is sound, but from a psychological point of view is also sound. I wanted to make sure that alongside the truth and the transparency and the experience that we had, that backing to the book as well. I wanted that level of value in the book as well. So yeah, that's right. And also, you know, if you have a child with anxiety, A-D-D-A-D-H-D, other setbacks, other disabilities, you know, we speak to you in this book as well because those people are very like, they don't have that many resources.


This book is for anyone who is a parent, a single parent, A parent that is married, a single Woman, maybe about to have kids the Next couple years. Someone that wants to have a child. I Didn't look at you, Lauren. Wow. Nobody looked at you. Lauren, first of all, you did look over here. I looked at you too. Thank you. It's, it's, it's, it's forever. It's a very relatable book and there's a lot of exercises in the book. We kind of also created it in like a workbook style. So there's a lot of reflections, there's a lot of places in there for you to answer questions. So you can kind of analyze yourself and understand your own point of view in a way of like articulation where if you haven't really thought about certain things, it'll jog you to think about things. And even if you don't do, don't take our take. It encourages you and helps you to come up with your own takes on parenting.


So now you Have Life real family. That's right. It's the Casey Crew, it's The Breakfast Club. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Dj Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is here and we got some special guest joining us this morning. We have Dontay Banks and we have Kevin Freeman. Welcome fellas. Good morning. How you guys doing this morning? It's Good. Tell the people who, well, who y'all are, first of all, so they get some context. I'm Dontay Banks, I'm little Dirk's father. And I'm Kevin Freeman. I'm the executive director for Little Dirk's nonprofit neighborhood Heroes. Okay. Okay. Well how is Dirk doing first and Foremost? Oh, he doing great. Wonderful. I just seen him this Sunday, this past Sunday.


His spirits is up. He looking forward, you know, to his day in court. Freedom as you know, as this gonna turn out to be, you know, releasing him. But he's doing great. Wrong in there. Now you have a story as well for people that, that don't know your story. You wanna put 'em onto a little of your story and who quote unquote Big Dirk is. Well, big Dirk is known as Chicago in the streets of Chicago. Not for good, you know. But back in 1993, I got caught in the feds myself, caught up in the feds And I received a life sentence and it took me almost 24 years or 26 years to get up outta there. So I spent most of my life, more life in jail than I did on the street.


What Was it like, you know, when you were locked up and Dirk is here or was out and he's climbing and he's rising as a star and you're like, you're, you're seeing it but you're not seeing it, but like you kind of, you're calling home, you're feeling it. Like what was that like? Oh that was amazing. At first I'm on the phone as any father would, you know, go to school, get a trade, go to college, you know, that's so old school, get a trade. That's been something like your parents said, get a trade. That's right. I don't wanna hear about this. Right. Everybody said they gonna be a rapper. You know, everybody said they finna play ball and different things like this. You know, that's every kid's dream, right? So I didn't really take it seriously. I'm focused on what I know to be a true career. Correct. You get something up under your belt and every time I want to rap, I want to rap and then I asked his brother, his oldest brother, which was the thing at the time, Dontay Banks Jr.


I said, is he good? You know, is he good? Is he gonna go anywhere with this? He said, yeah, he's good. And then it was on one, oh, what was that? Back 1 0 6 and Park 1 0 6. And park, I'm in prison And I look up there, he said, I'm gonna be on 1 0 6 and park. And I said, okay, everybody in prison, he gonna be on 1 0 6 and park. So every TV is on 1 0 6 and park. We waiting on him. And then that's when we found out. Yeah, he, he got a little buzz, he got buzzed, got a Big bus. And I see you like, even just in talking about it, you're smiling and it's just, I can imagine like, you know, just as a parent, it's like, I want my child to be successful and it's happening and then you're in a predicament that you're in and seeing it, it, it feels good to know that like he's carrying the family and things are working out and then everything that we are, you know, seeing now happens.


How did that feel when you heard the indictment come down and things of that nature, You know, from being in there and knowing what he up against. Now you run right there so I can be with him to help him through this. 'cause this is being in the feds, they ain't no small towns, you know, this is a big thing. They don't, they don't give no room. They just snatch you up with almost and put you in a hopeless situation. You know, everybody goes in, kind of got to fight they way out to show and prove that this is what it is. But, you know, it hurts to know that he have to go through what I just went through. You have to deal with this system now. It hurts real bad, you know, first losing the oldest son and to the streets and now losing him to the government, you know?


So that's why I'm there hands on, lawyers, hands on with him telling him every step of what to do now and how to fight this. Be Being a person of faith. You know, you, you know, Allah is the best knower and planer, but when you lose a son, you know, to, to to to murder, then you lose a son to the, to the jail system. How does that make you feel? Like just your faith, how did that test your Faith? Oh, it's, it, it does it Test your faith, it test your faith in a way that's, you have to be a parent to understand what I'm saying here. It really tests you, you know. But just like you said, that fate, you know, everything belongs to aah, it don't actually belongs to me. He just use me as a vessel, but it belongs to him. So I just got to be patient of what's going on here and trust in him and continue to make, do our, which is supplication that he brings about the victory that we are looking for in the situation, the relief that we are looking for.


I Also, I wanted to ask about his case so much because the dirt that we knew, that I knew personally, he was such into giving back, right? He, he would call all the time about the things that he wanted to do for Chicago and the area that he grew up in and the things that he wanted to change and, and how he wanted to give kids an opportunity that they would think more than the street and have things to do. So. So with his organization, is his organization still out there being able to help or is a lot of those funds things been pulled from that? Absolutely, Absolutely and envy. So this didn't just happen yesterday, you know, sitting down with Dirk Banks, you know, I remember the day when he was like, Kev, you know, this is my vision. This is what I want to do. 'cause he was already doing the work.


He's like, okay, but let's, let's do it for real, for real. We say, for real, for real. Let's get a registered 5 0 1 C3 and let's really truly, you know, look at the impact that we can make. And one thing that we, we landed on and still to this day is like, Dirk, this is your vision. This is your vision and it's gonna be our jobs. And I say, our job, my job, the board of directors and those that support, we're gonna help bring it to life. And to be able to look back and see from 2020 and all the amazing work that he's done. And as you know, in media, you know, a lot of folks don't wanna talk about the great things and the positive things that individuals are out here doing. And he didn't do it for that. He did it for the fact that he know that. He said, Kev, these are things that I wasn't able to experience right when I was a kid.


So now that I'm in position to do it, I'm, I'm, I'm all in. Let's go. I'm the voice, right? So I'm like, all right. So sitting with him, Emini here all around The clock, And I say around The clock, Emini here, as you know, he's coming from the studio at three, four in the morning. He's calling like, listen, this is what I want to do. And I'm, I'm, I'm digesting. And I'm saying, okay, from all the things that I'm hearing, all the things that I, I feel your passion. We created four foundation pillars based off the things that Dirk Banks was truly invested in wanted to do. And it started off with neighborhoods prosperity, emerging leaders, health and wellness. So with all those four different pillars, there's a bucket of work that lives within everyone.


So everyone can't be the next little Dirk, but everyone can be that guy behind the production. And this is exposing these young black boys and girls that Dirk has been doing for a long time. I was gonna ask y'all the last thing that he did before he was taken into custody, it was the big prayer event that he had. Yes, absolutely. And then he received the keys to the city. Absolutely. But the mayor, I believe it was the mayor got a lot of backlash after he was arrested. And I think, you know, there were certain people and things that like stepped back. So how hard has it been because the, the organization is tied to di Like, are y'all facing opposition or people still like, no, we know he's a good person. You, you gonna face opposition just being a young black artist, a young black man, a young black woman, you, there's always gonna be trials and tribulations.


And if we allow one situation like that to stop us, what we're doing, then we're losing the focus of what his true mission was. Yeah. All right. We have more with Dontay Banks and Kevin Freeman when we come back, of course Dontay Banks is little Dirk's father. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Dj Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is here as well. We're still kicking it with Little Dirk's dad, Dontay Banks and Kevin Freeman who is the executive director for little Dirk's non-profit neighborhood heroes there in the building. Now can you give us an update on Dirk's case? Yeah. Now one thing I can say, well, well y'all, the question y'all ask Kevin, how people looking at him now? It ain't a place I go, it is not a place that I go, a phone call that I don't get where he get 100% support.


Ain't nobody like turning their back on him, right. Or saying nothing negative about, other than, you know, a little blob here and there or podcast who trying to get some type of recognition about saying something negative about 'em. But overall, 90% everybody's there and they prayer they support you get many, many letters of, you know, keep your head, keep going on, you going to get up out of this, you know, things of that nature there. So the support is 100% And I love that about 'em. 'cause that tell you what kind of person he is when no one is trying to, you know, look at his downfall to something that we can now say, Hey, look at him. We told you about him. Right? Not this type of thing here. What, What do y'all, when y'all come out here and y'all do these press hits, what are y'all hopes?


What are y'all trying to do? We trying to bring a a, a real look what's really, what is Junior? I call him Junior. What is him? What he supposed to be looking, you know, how you supposed to view him? Don't take allegations and make 'em a fact. Don't take allegations and make it a conviction. You know, allegations are just that. These are allegations. Give us a chance in court to prove ourself. Give us a chance. You know, and this one thing, again, we shout out the mayor of Chicago, Brandon Johnson, when they tried to attack him, he said Don't give the brother his chance Court. That's right due process you Roger said, give him his chance in court. And this what we ask everybody, give our chance in court and we approve that all of this is nothing but falsehood and lies.


You know, Wait, when you talk about going places and wanting the conversation to be just fair for him, even if people are gonna have their opinions, how hard is it for you? And you can answer this if you want to. I know it's a legal situation. So for instance, like I know I've seen reports of like there were like text messages that allegedly were like between Dirk and the, the guys who are who, who they threw the murder charges at for D thing. And then they have the verse from his song Aha. And they're trying to pin that. Like, yo, this is you saying what you did. How hard is it to go up against stuff like that? Just because legally they're talking about that every single time he goes into court. It's not hard if you get all the information, but I will refer, I have to refer all these things to the legal team because you know, this is some of the things that they would have to answer and give a deeper understanding that he got three great lawyers on the case.


You know, so they working around The clock, they constantly keep us updated. You know, I talk to them regularly about the case and, and so it's going good. You know, all these text messages, these, these things here, they on top of all this. And like I said, give 'em this day in court and they approve, you know, what's the what, what's the real truth about these text messages, right? How confident are you As a Muslim? I'm confident in the law as a Muslim And I just continue to make, do I that this, that we victorious in this case, you know, that a law grant us the relief that we are seeking outta this. So looking at everything is weak, but we make sure continue to trust in a law.


And what about with the, with the government? 'cause you know the government, as we seen with many cases before, they play a, a nasty game where they try to make a somebody look crazy so that the jury looks at them as crazy from the start. You know what Emini here we see that a lot. A whole lot. And who don't know that that in the person that's been in the belly of the beast, you know, I know the fixing the game they play, that's why, like I said, I stay on this case. Mm, looking at from every angle because I know they games, I know what they play. I know they lies, they deception. I know they'll create some things, you know, and creates a witness, you know, I there somewhere outta the blue, it'll be somebody come along, don't nobody know, like who is this dude?


And they'll put him up there to say some things. So yeah, I definitely know about them. And I know y'all brought up India earlier and we found out that they were married through like the new music and the photo on the album. What conversations do you and Dirk have before he decided to get married And like what are you talking to him as? Dad, you know what Emini here, like what advice are you giving him or you know, how, what's that like? Okay now as a Muslim, as A Muslim, because it's different for you, right? Right. You gotta get married. You cannot let you sleep with a woman that you're not married to. So these are my conversations to him. You have to be married. It's a great sin in Islam if you're not married, we don't believe in fornication, we don't believe in adultery, you know, sleeping outside the marriage and different things.


Like if you are interested in his sister, then let her know through marriage that you ready to take on the responsibility of a husband. So yeah. Alright. As a Muslim, are you on him about the content of his music? Like if you know he beats his situation and comes home, are you gonna tell him that musically he should go in another direction? He told me. Oh, He told me. So I, I'm just keep saying hum Doah, every time I talk to him he learning more about Islam and what he supposed to be doing as a Muslim. What do He say? He's saying that, hey, I can't talk about these things no more. I can't walk this way of life no more. You know? So he already on point with all this, you know, and that's one of the things about, you know, prison give you time to really reflect, think, give you time, isolation to read study.


So now you able to, you know, you ain't distracted about these world things. You know, this is a, this is a star, this is a, a artist. He on the planes all the time. He moving all the time from the moment he wake up to the moment he goes to sleep, he always doing something. So saying, you know, he took his outta, he became a Muslim in prison, Emini here at the prison when he came to see me. But then this, his life took off from there. So now he got a chance now to study. So everything that he needs to know, he learning it right now. So he knowing, he telling me like that I can't talk about that no more. I can't do this no more. I'm glad that I got married. I'm glad that I went this direction right here because he's trying to see now. Wow.


Well definitely send a, send him our love man and and tell him that, you know, we, we we'll continue to pray for him man, and support him As Oh and no doubt. 'cause when I told him about this, he said that's beautiful. Them they right there. They going to keep it real. Oh Yeah. We've been watching Dirk since the beginning. Literally. Absolutely. Literally. Dirk been up here with Vaughn and everybody so it's like we've literally watched him grow, Grow Up. That's right. And also we can't forget about our main guy with Oh Luke to Swiss. Absolutely. We should definitely shout out to that brother man. Beautiful. And that is Swiss is one of his biggest mentors. That's one who talks to him, keep him on point, different things.


Like he always calls Swiss, they always talking what direction, what should I do? You know? And it's good to have somebody like Swiss in this corner, you know? Absolutely. Well thank y'all for joining us. Dontay Banks, Kevin Freeman. Thank you so much and please keep us updated when you can. Yes Sir. Will do. And I appreciate y'all from having us. Absolutely Appreciate you some morning. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning. Everybody's Dj Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now you got a positive note? I do. But I want to tell people, first of all man, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Yes, it is year three of an Unforgettable Day of Live podcast. Inspiring Conversations and Cultural Celebration Podcast coaches celebration. Okay, it's hosted by Mandy and Weezy of Decisions. Decisions. We got the Trap Nerd podcast there for the gamers, good Moms Bad Choices is going to be there. Carrie Champions gonna be there with her Naked and Sports podcast tank. And Jay Valentine will be there doing the r and b Money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there doing the Woman of Evolve podcast live. So go get your tickets right now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay, Saturday, April 26th, third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival Atlanta. Can't wait to see you there.


And the positive note is simply this. If you're a giver, find another giver to love. Because if you're a giver, likely you've been with a lot of takers which hurts. So find someone who values generosity as much as you do, who loves to give because it's their nature, not their pathology. Just like it's your nature too. Find another giver because you need to be given to two. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.


The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.