
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola company.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I don't know if you know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


Wake that ass up early In the Morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. The king of RB Ladies gentlemen. Jacquees Ex. Yes sir. What's up brother? What's up? How you Feeling? Feeling good man. Slow motion And congratulations on On the Baby. Thank you bro. In general, man engaged. I was Doing a lot. Yeah, yeah. It's a lot going in my world, man. But I'm feeling good. I'm blessed. I can handle it. And the and the ba and the name of the album is Baby Macon. Yeah, it's called Baby Macon. So it's all about that night. Exactly. It's all about that Night. Yeah. Yeah. My first, my first number one album for real.


Not on billboard, but on Apple Music attitude and stuff. So I feel good to have that, you know what I'm saying? Get a little accomplishment under my belt. What does baby making music to you? To me baby making music just like, you know, music that make you, that make you want to feel like you wanna have a baby. Like, you know, it's basically like a sex playlist. I feel like this album is basically like what people create when they put all their music together for the sex playlist. You know, I feel like baby making is is the, is that, you know, you don't have to go put a bunch of songs together. You could just really just play this album through and it's just a get you where you need to go. Did you have one before you made your own? Like when you was just on the come up, what was your sex Playlist? Playlist. Playlist. I don always play my music, honestly.


Oh. That's how I used to know if it was hard or not. Yeah. I used to Did call you the like pause. That's How I know of the music hard. Like I, I was doing that shit since high school. Like I used to make mix tapes And I used to, you feel me, have girls in the spot, whatever. And then I would do whatever we doing, but I would have the music on. That's when I know like, oh this shit really hard or it's not. So if the woman not into it, I know the Music. Music. Yeah. I'll be like the music ain't it Man, this probably was you. Nah, nah, because music, Music can make you do stuff without even, you know, you gotta think when you play music in the spot, either the girl gonna get up, start dancing. Yeah. She going to feel on you. She going to music.


May him do something different. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I used to just be like, because I know I'm gonna be on point, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm him. So. Oh wow. So it's like the music was always just a extra, but like I say, when I was young, I remember like my first mix tape, I remember playing it, you know what I'm saying? And I remember girls, you know, being with me, whatever. I remember being like in my twenties and making music and just, you know what I'm saying? Being like, okay, this sound like a sex song. And I know now, you know, for where I'm met with it now just I know what this, what this do for me and mine. You know what I'm saying? So it's like I know like, you know, I know it's, I know it's what it what it is. It is what it need to be. That's the first time I heard that. 'cause most of the time you hear people say, I got the shit in the script club. I played in the script club or the club before a dj.


Yeah, It makes sense. That's how we know. Yeah. You know, it's like a tester, like, you know what I'm saying? Like I still do that to this day. Like go to the club, play a record. If don't nobody move you like eh, this might not be it, but if they move, but it's difficult For RB sometimes though, depending on the mood though. Facts. Facts. You gotta go to certain spots where they playing that, you know what I'm saying? If you go to certain RB spots where they playing it and you put it on and it's like, okay, they, they rocking with it. But you know, if you going to an all rap club and you put on some RB, of course it's probably be hard to move them 'cause that ain't what they in there for. You know what I'm saying? So I done kind of figured that part out. Yeah. So you, you said you, you 30 now talking About Yeah, 30. Yeah, I turned 30. I've been 31 next year. Yeah. Congratulations on your engagement. Thank you. And this, this is the, you are entering, well you already entered the fourth decade of your life, right?


So, oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I ain't know that how it go. No, The third. So it's the third Decade. No it's not. So from one to 10, that's one. 10 to 20. Oh it's In Tens. 20 to 30. That's three. So that's three. So now yeah, that you three Decades. So next year I already, Three decades is already done. Okay. You walking me into my next, So you're entering your fourth. Okay. Fat decade of like Right. Talk that talk so that you already know what's up with me. So when did you know it was time? Like how did you, when did you decide like, was it because you're 30 now? I think I'm just going with God and emotion. You know what I'm saying? Honestly, that's honestly my, my answer. Like, you know what I'm saying? I don had a bunch of different answers. But now just waking up today and just seeing like, you know, just everything like, you know, I just think like I'm just going with God.


Say, you know what I'm saying? Like I think, I think I know with men, like it is always like a time. 'cause I know Vy you married, right? Yes sir. Yeah. 'cause I remember being on the road with you, like you act like a married guy, you know what I'm saying? It is dope though. We was this, we went on the tour together with real mic, you know what I'm saying? But Just handle This business. Get on the stage, get off and just do what he do. You know what I'm saying? I remember watching that. You know what I'm saying? Like, dang re's still cool, you know what I'm saying? Nah, og gotta tell you the, the rest of the story. I don see, I don know the, if you in your fourth decade, according to Jeff math, it being his sixth. So what happened on Fourth? No, tell about Yeah, tell him about the third. Third.


Yeah. But, but anyway, he was with me though. He was with me. I wasn't never with him. Yes he was with me. Don thought that, but Emini here, I was just using Bru for example. 'cause I had started seeing like different dudes in the game. Like, I'm like, okay, bru, married bru, married bru, married bru, married, different things. And I just think for me, like I had already, I'm, I've, I've already had like a couple like experiences with women and different things like that. So I, I think for me it's like okay, I'm not missing nothing on that side. That's right. That's right. You know, she make me feel good. You know what I'm saying? So I be like, how I live my life is, I don't want to have no regrets in my life. You know what I'm saying? I want to like, do everything that I know I'm supposed to be doing. Like I know marriage is a part of life, you know? So I don't want to keep guessing. Like, okay, she gonna be the one, she gonna be the one.


I'm just taking a chance. Like I said, I'm just going with God. I think she's it. She make me feel whole. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She make me want to be better than I was before. But Damn. Are you talking like this in the album? You singing like this? I'm Talking about you. Yeah. A little bit. Sunrise service. A little bit. Yeah. But you know, it's pretty much, yeah. You gonna love the album though? 'cause it's, it feels like, like what we talked about in the beginning, honestly, it just feels like a, it don't feel like a safe place. It just feel like good music that'll make you want to like, do whatever it is that you're trying to do. I think it's just a feel, a feel good album. Well I do wanna salute you for learning early with so many of us men learn late, man. Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. Now you got a good woman. Act like it. Yeah, yeah, for sure. And I promise you the way you gonna see your life just prosper in ways you can't even imagine when you like really pour into a good woman and woman pour into you.


I've been seeing it, bro. My whole life been different, you know what I'm saying? Like, I, I've, my whole year have been different, you know what I'm saying? Like, I just really been acknowledging it and seeing it like, okay, this what they be talking about when it's like this. And then it's just, it's a blessing honestly. You know? It's a blessing when a good woman come into your life. That's right. And then, you know, you also have to make adjustments when a good woman come into your life too. Because it's like, it wake up everybody else. That's right. You know what I'm saying? In your family, you know what I'm saying? And that could be difficult too. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know what I'm saying? That could be difficult when your family used to operate in a certain way, then this person come in and it's like you happy, but it's still like something that's just, that just don't be all the way there. And I think that's the phase that I'm going through now.


Like, you know, air, like it is just like trying to have the whole family dynamic as one. You know what I'm saying? I think that's tough too. Well your family is also changing now because you got your woman, you Got your child Baby. Exactly. And I'm, and I'm, and I'm going from being the hou the head of that home to the head of this one. That's right. And you know, that's different when you lead a nest a little bit. You know what I'm saying? It's like, it's just a little different. So I think that's kind of like the biggest thing, the most difficult thing that I'm dealing with now. Any pressure though, because you can't, you know, you can't show us something that she hasn't seen already. As far as, You mean any pressure on as far as What? As, as being, you know her daddy, rich man, her, her daddy got brown, her family got bread. Oh yeah. Yeah. Nah, I Think pressure.


I think when it come like that, bro, the only way I could feel less than is if she ever made me feel less than. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I'm the type of dude where I don't care what you got, you know what I'm saying? Because I'm a hustler. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm naturally a hustler. Like I'm from that, you know what I'm saying? So it's like, I I I, it's like I get inspired when, when people got more than me. Especially if you cool, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm gonna really ask you how to do it. That's just how I am. I'm not one of them. I'm not gonna be guessing like Charlamagne got something going on. Like, bro, how you do that? You feel me? I ain't finna be not asking. You know what I'm saying? So it's like with me, she don't make me feel like I'm less than them. You know what I'm saying? Like, so it's like I don't feel like that. But if I ever did feel like that, I don't think I'd be speaking as, as highly of her as I as I am. How did Y'all meet?


We met through Patman Jones. You feel me? Patman Jones. You know my, that's like my big brother. Mm. He had, he called me one day, he FaceTimed me in like 2021 and he, he was in Jamaica with Deandre and her family. They, you know, they, they they, they been tight Deion Sanders, like his God pops or whatever. And he called me and he was like, bro, I'm out here with Deandre Sanders. I'm like, bro, who that? You feel me? He like, man Dion. I'm like man, I don't care about all that bro. Like what's up? He like, man sing four. I'm like bro, I don't be singing. I'm like Bro, you be a, I'm like bro, I'm like bro, what For I Bro, I ain't finna be. He like, bro it's a birthday break. Like I'm telling you this what you need to be doing Ing.


I'm like, pat serious too. I'm like, bro, I'm not singing. But he turned the camera when I seen her I started singing. You start singing Me. Yeah. I instantly started singing. I'm like, shit, What song was it that got it? I don't know if I started singing Happy birthday. Yeah, you sing a couple songs when I don know if I sung you. I think I sung Happy birthday though because I think it was her birthday And I think I just, well I know it was her birthday. It was her 31st And I remember I just started singing and after that told Pat like, dang she's, you know, she pretty like, she dope. Like, you feel me? Like who that I tried to know they like Dion Santa's daughter. Why you know Dion? I'm like, oh for real. I jumped in her dms and then that I met her, she met me in Miami.


We met each other in Miami. And then we just hit it off from then. But then we was just friends. Like, you know, I was in like a, I was like, I was in a relationship but I was, I would be off with my girl for like two months, you know what I'm saying? Or month me and my girl would be going at it, you know what I'm saying? And during those times I would meet people like this when my relationship was just like, you know, I was just not the best man I am now. You know what I'm saying? So I would just, I would meet people in those breaks. You know what Emini here and she was one of the people I met, but we was friends. It was friends. But I feel like it's so strong because we was friends first. You know, we was friends first and it's just dope. You know, my son, he'll bless him bro. I was thinking about him today. Like I was just like, as you should. Yeah. Yeah.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I was thinking about him, my son. But I'm just saying like, I was thinking about 'em real hard today. Like you feel me? I was thinking about 'em real hard today. 'cause last night I had my documentary premiere in Atlanta. I just dropped a documentary. Thank you. It hasn't dropped yet, but I did the premieres. It dropped on the 24th this month. But I did it last night in Atlantic Station in Atlanta. And my sister was holding them while we was watching it, you know what I'm saying? And my sister like, quit look at him bro. He just so locked in, like just watching me on the screen, you know? And I just thought about today like how I wasn't that enthused to come here today. You know what I'm saying? But then I thought about like, dang, like you know, I gotta, I can't never set an example of like quitting, you know what I'm saying? I'm never just like, no matter how small it is, you know what I'm saying?


I can't never set no example of like not want to do something that I gotta do. 'cause I've always been the type of person that to like we call it thugging it out. But I always been the type of person to do that. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, now that I got a son, I gotta do that even more. Yeah. Just say he didn't feel like coming here Y nah, but I fuck with y'all To get on a plane to leave from Atlanta to come to Ize New York. Nah, nah, not even that bro. Just like, you know, like my energy, like what's best with you man? Like I try hard to control my energy. So you know, if my energy off, I'm like man, I don't wanna walk in there not smiling to them niggas. I love them niggas. I don't want them niggas to see me like that just had a baby. I don't wanna smile, talk about my kid. I don't wanna have no fucked up attitude. Yeah. I got you. You know what I'm saying? For sure, you know. But I just told myself like, man, I gotta keep pushing.


You feel me? Like even on the days when I don't wanna push, you know what I'm saying? I barely even feel like this. You dig what I'm saying? But when I do, I'm just like, man, I think about my son. I'm like man, I gotta, I gotta just keep going hard. Yeah. I saw you sit down with our family Nala Simone and you were talking about your Fiance and you said she helped play a role in you getting sober. Yeah. Hell yeah, for sure. Like I, I ain't drunk no liquor since like March 13th, you know what I'm saying? I was a real drinker. Like, you feel me? Like just like, you know, a person that just was drink to just, it had became a part of my lifestyle, you know what I'm saying? And when it become a part of your lifestyle, it's like you don't even notice when you slumping people have to tell you, you know what I'm saying? But then I start like just getting terrible, you know what I'm saying?


Just getting terrible. Like, like, like not being Jacquees Ex that people knew me to be. 'cause people would meet me and be like, damn, I mess with Jacquees Ex. Like, you know what I'm saying? But then, you know, I would have like some type of little stain on my name for something that had something to do with alcohol. Yeah. You know what, Emini here and then it would just like give people a reason to judge me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It is like, I'm one of them people where it's like I ain't got no nothing, but it's like, oh I, I gave them a reason with alcohol. Yeah. So I had to like clean myself up and she really helped me. We got back, I got back in church and just started doing everything that I needed to do. You know what I'm saying? And now I feel like, you know, I'm like going in the direction that I need to be. You know what I'm saying? I like, I just had to my first number one album, like I said, it wasn't Billboard but it was still like letting me know like, okay, this is what you can be doing.


You know what I'm saying? Like I'm getting a taste of it. You know what I'm saying? I know God always give you a little bit before you get a lot. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, you feel me? Boom. Like even on certain things in my career, like, you know what I'm saying? I know like, okay, I probably has the wrong people around me. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Like even with certain things, like I make a lot of money but I ain't made the most money I could make. You know what I'm saying? Probably like God probably like, okay, you probably got some people around you that don't need, 'cause I'm a giver, you know what I'm saying? So it's like, you know, it's a lot of things that been like cleaned up in my life, but I'm like slow rolling and I'm, And I'm knowing like okay, I know what's coming on the other side, you feel me? So it keep me motivated. Like it was a time where I couldn't even see my future. You feel me? Like I would be in places but I can't even tell you like what I'm gonna do.


And like people ask like, Hey, where'd you see yourself in five years? Yeah. I couldn't even tell you what I'm gonna be doing next week because of the alcohol. I just was blind. Like I just was had got cloudy, you feel me? I had just got like on some rebellious shit. Like, on some just like, fuck it. You know what Emini here saying like I, I won where I want be in my career personally. Shit wasn't going right. I just was like, fuck it. You know what I'm saying? You know when you get in the bag you like fuck it. Like fuck it. Like fuck it, we'll do some shows, we'll get some money. Fuck it. Like, you know. We'll I had lost my whole thing. Like I was looking back at pictures, I'm like damn I had my shirt off nigga. My stomach was hanging over my pants. Damn. When was that Jaque out? This was last year when I went on tour Teenth. Oh. Like I was like damn. But then I ended up losing 30 pounds, you feel me? I got in the gym. I'm like, I changed the way I start, I I I ate, you feel me?


I changed everything, you feel me? Because I'm like, I owe it to myself, you feel me? I was like bro, if I don't make it to where the fuck I need to make it to, I can't even blame niggas. Like I can't be like, oh Birdman, I can't, I can't say that. You feel what I'm saying? I would have to say like, man, cool, you fucked that up. So when I What did she Say to you though that got you on the right track? Whether did she check You or Emini here? Honestly you can't Even see your dick when you look down. Oh my God. No. My shit, it wasn't no fat shit. This guy's crazy. She was, she was, she was on me. I think like I was just really like, I was really just like said it wasn't doing the same. Wasn't shit. Nah. It wasn't no fat shit. I was really just doing, I was really just doing dumb shit. Like bro, I would go outside pocket full of money, come back no money.


Mm. You feel me? Like oh we hate that. Like, you know what I'm saying? Or Jesus or I goddamn or I go outside, I ain't coming back. She gotta come find me. You know what I'm saying? Like shit like that. Like, you know. And she would find You sure that was just alcohol bro. That sound like crack crack activities. Nah, I ain't never crack my, I ain't Never did no crack. Ain't never played with my nose. Ain't never popped no pill. I ain't never did nothing. I just always a a, a drinker and a functional weed smoker. Yeah. But you know, I just different like certain things could take me and you two different places. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It could be the same substance, you know what I'm saying? But I just feel like once, once she started coming down And I seen how much I was hurting her and then she was pregnant honestly, you know what I'm saying?


Like when she was pregnant and then like when she was three months into the pregnancy, you know, 'cause we was going through it in the beginning of the pregnancy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And so I was really on some shit. Like I was con like it was a bunch of shit going on. I didn't know if she was gonna keep the baby. I didn't know like what was going on. I was just on my fuck it rent. Yeah. You feel me? And so did y'all, had y'all planned your baby? Nah, nah. Emini here. We had talked about it, you know, I had told her like man I wanna have kids. And I was real adamant about it. You know if a man say they want kids, you know we got the power to do it. That's right. If you guys not on no pills. So I was telling, hey I wanna have a baby. And we was constantly doing what we do and I'm like, I wanna have a baby. I wanna have a baby. And it happened but she just, she just, like I said, she pulled up to Atlanta station one day.


Her and my cousin, I remember I was skinneded up. I had just got off somebody's dirt bike but I had fell And I didn't want to tell her. You know what I'm saying? I remember I was scratched up my hands, my body, everything was fucked up. I was just, it was just bad. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like if somebody would've seen me, they would've been like, like if y'all would've pulled up, y'all would've been like Man, go get what you doing. You probably would've told him like go get him. Like I don't give a fuck what you gotta do. You gotta slam a nigga on the ground, whatever, go get that nigga. You know what I'm saying? He can't be out here like this. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It was like that. And then what was bad was my niggas was around me. So that's when I started realizing like, oh I ain't got the right niggas around me. 'cause my cousin was telling me like, 'cause he came with her, he was telling me like, well these niggas will get you robbed. Like these niggas will get you like killed.


Like, you know what I'm saying? Like in the city we from like Bro you can't, you Jacquees Ex, you know what I'm saying? And Deiondra was just so like I remember she jumped out the car on Peachtree, you know what I'm saying? That same day and you know Peachtree a busy street. You know what I'm saying? She was pregnant. And I just remember I told myself like, I'm like qui like what you want to do bro? Like you feel me? Because now your days, you seeing all this shit the same. You know what I'm saying? Like nigga you waking up and it's the same shit like you about to go out the door. I was getting in trouble with the law and all type of shit. Yeah. You feel me? So I'm like what do I want to do bro? I just start like pulling in that inner shit, you know what I'm saying? Like That's God though, you know, because God, God will show you so many people can't see themselves. Yeah.


So for God to give you that self-awareness and let give you a choice. Like look, I'm showing you what you are and you got a choice to do the right thing for you to do the right thing. Yeah. March 13 bro. I stopped drinking. Especially your Friends around you. 'cause you know some of your friends around you got rest that are not here no more. Yeah. So you got, you gotta see it firsthand. Yeah. That's a lot of shit then bro. I was totaling cars. I totaled three cars. I didn't get no scratches. Mm. You feel me? And when I would go back in the spots and look at where I totaled the cars, there was always some shit that was supposed to be fatal. You know what I'm saying? I was always like damn. Like I would total the car jump out the car, run straight to the house full speed. No stopping. That Is crack. That is crack Bro. I don Bro. I remember one time I totaled, listen, I totaled my sister car bro.


I came in the house and tried to act like nothing happened. Oh my God. Thinking like how the fuck I'm gonna tell her the car totaled, you know what I'm saying? But I'm knowing my big sister, I, I could tell her over my mama. You know what I'm saying? But I'm like how the fuck this is when you was Jacquees Ex Jacquees Ex? Yeah. This is like three years ago. Oh you could bought another car then she woulda be that bad. Yeah. But it was still, but at the end of the day you gotta think like I'm hood rich. You know what I'm saying? So it's like I ain't just Chris Brown, rich, I'm hood rich. So it's like I'm a hood rich nigga. I might be rich today, broke tomorrow. Mm. You dig what I'm saying? I'm gonna have 500 today, nothing tomorrow. I'm that type of nigga, you know what I'm saying? Like I'm gonna get further. But that's how my life is. So it's like nigga we couldn't get another car.


You dig what I'm saying? Nigga might can get a rental but you can't come out the pocket and go get it. We can't go get it till I go get it. Yeah. You dig what I'm saying? So that's, that's us bro. But when I realized like, and that had me fucked up too, you know what I'm saying? Because I was like damn. Like I'm like how the fuck because I make a lot of money but that's when I knew I was blowing a lot of money. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm like bro I'm tripping. Like I'm out here bad like bad strip clubs bro. I would go on strip club and spend a check like them pictures you would see me on the internet with on the strip club. That wasn't no cap. Like when you see me with like seven, 10,000, some niggas take them pictures and just take pictures and be like, okay go get the money back. And we really out there doing that shit. Like we went so heavy balling nigga like to the point where we still balling.


But I look back on a lot of shit. I be like bro I done never did that. Yeah. You feel me? I be like bro I done never did that. Like, but That's the growth man. Like you said she helped you. She Helped me know. And now I know the type of things that I got on the table now I'm like bro, I would've never been able to have this if I was in the same space I was in. Right. You know what I'm saying? There's no way I could control this type of shit if I, if I was in the same space I'm in no way I could have artists, no way I could have this much money. Like no way I could do this. So Your woman helped you see your value? Yeah, she Helped me see my body. She really helped me like get back to who I was And I really appreciate her for that. You know what I'm saying? And I know like Charlemagne said, but it was all God, you know what I'm saying? He was just using her like, you know what I'm saying? To, to do that for me. Right. You know what I'm saying?


How did she get past? She got through a lot like you jail, all of that. Hell yeah. How did she get past the situation with your ex, you Know with with Dre how she get past that? Yeah. I don't know. I think it was a maturity thing for the whole circle. You know what I'm saying? I think for the whole, for the whole circle like like I don't got no ill will with drees no matter what. Yeah. Like, you know what I'm saying because like me as a dude, like, like with anybody, I'm not holding no grudges with you. You know what I'm saying? I can't even live like that. You feel what I'm saying? I can't do that. But I think we all just mature overall everybody. You know what I'm saying? I think that a lot of my decisions was the cause of a lot of things. You know what I'm saying? So I took full accountability.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I think when a man take full accountability, when a person really believe in you, it is like if they love you, that geo san it chance That's right. You know everybody ain't perfect. You know what I'm saying? And I damn sure wasn't perfect. You know what I'm saying? Like I was always a have my cake eat the two nigga, you know what I'm saying? Like most niggas be before we get caught, you know what I'm saying? And that was just me And I just, that was the second decade. Yeah. Yeah. And I just second, I just feel like it's a maturity thing for everybody. I feel like Dre's happy for me now. I hope she is. You know, whatever she got going on, I'm happy for her. You know what I'm saying? Me and Deiondra we in love and this is just my new this this the path I'm on. You know what I'm saying? You Feel like, you feel like with all the shenanigans that Justice talked about is the reason why you don't get the respect I think that you should in RB music wise.


'cause you know we were on tour and you got a, you got a lot of records. But I don't think people understand how they affect and hit people until they see that in front of 20,000 people. 'cause I didn't even know I, you know, of course you know the big songs, but then when you sitting there and you doing album cuts and people are into it and it's like, damn this, this kid is bigger than, than what The World knows. But they Don't see it. Nah. But they did me like that on purpose. Like I coulda after I said I was a king of RB, it's, that's it's, it's like it was a purpose thing. Like it is like okay this nigga think he all that, let's, let's shut him down. I'm pretty sure they had group meetings like, okay this nigga think who this, this little nigga. Like okay, let's shut that down everybody. Who are the people you talking about now?


Emini here, all the, all the spots like this, you know what I'm saying? Like spots like not saying this spot actually, but you know the different spots like where, where news and media goes out. You know what I'm saying? Everybody try to put me down. Oh you Wanna file a lawsuit like Drake shut up. Nah, Nah. Because you gotta think like, I ain't that type of dude. You feel what I'm saying? I'm not that type of dude. I'm not that type of guy. You feel what I'm saying? Like, like I made mistakes, you know? So I think the biggest mistake I ever made in my career was going on the internet, talking about Tre songs. Honestly, you feel me? I think that was the biggest mistake I ever made in my life as a man. Everything but besides that. Well Y'all fought out in Dubai Fight. We talked yesterday. I was raised. Y'all said immediately Shit, niggas gotta hit sometimes. You feel me?


Shit, fuck it. You feel me? Like nigga, what Was that about though? 'cause y'all friends, well yeah We friends but it was just one of 'em nights. That nigga got to tripping in my opinion. Was you Drinking Though? Yeah, but I wasn't drunk. Okay. You feel me? Like I wasn't drunk, you feel me? It was just, You know what a drinker said? They not drunk but usually drunk. But I wasn't drunk real because I'm a nigga that tell you like bro, I was lit. Yeah. You feel me? I wouldn't drunk. I remember the whole night. You just regret taking it to the internet. Yeah, I just regret taking it to the internet. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's really my, my my my my biggest regret. Who swung first? Me. Yeah. I had to hear me. Hell, I connected me the smoke small niggas be I had to got Yeah because We know Tre to fight. Yeah. He could let fight. He let us crack.


Yeah. Emini here. Emini here. The old The second generation, second decade re second. But I, but y'all know I never knew that about bro. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Tre get busy. That's why, why I was so shocked. Trey And Chris Brown get business brown. It must be that Virginia. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah. Chris, I don known Chris a couple times but I Re himself but You gotta think he's my brothers. So I never thought like no matter what they doing, I'm like this is never happening to me. That's like, who you got brothers that steal you like man my brother gonna be robbing everybody. You feel what I'm saying? But then the niggas turn a gun on you. That's when you like, you shocked like what the fuck? I felt like nigga turned the gun on me. So that's what it was. You feel me? Well they say, they say if you wanna see how somebody's eventually gonna treat you watch how they treat other people. They say that. But he damn sure caught me yesterday because he on tour bow out him and pledge with people who Won to fight though?


Who? You. I honestly would say I know I connected. The fight was so fast bro Pulled Bro. It was like boom boom. And I remember Trey hit me boom. Then I remember I tried to go down And I tried to grab him. That's when he pulled my hair. That was the whole fight. But you already, huh? How tall is Trey? Trey tall tre to you though? Yeah, he like five 10. He, I'm six re used to jump like by his, I tried to, I tried to Grab his waist. I Was gonna try to do one of them, You Feel me? But when I grabbed his waist, he grabbed the top of my head. Oh. You know what I'm saying? And Didn't hit you with the Yeah. And that when the, how did y'all speak after though? Fighting for no goddamn reason.


Craziest part about this shit probably was for no damn reason. It was so dumb bro. It Was so dumb. And I was trying to help him. That's what I feel. I was trying to basically like help Vic bro. Like you know when you feel like okay we partied too hard, let's all try to get this shit together. I remember I was going outside trying to, so You punched me the kitchen shit together? Nah, I took my watch off. I remember I took my watch off like do this nigga Trey. Think on Ahoe. Yeah. I remember I took this watch, I remember I gave it to my partner. I man who my watch boom. And then you got thing. I don't even hit with my left hand. I took my left watch off to hit him with my right hand. Damn You. How did y'all speak after? Who made the phone call after, after you got online You show your drag.


You Trey called me. You feel me? He called me and we was arguing for like weeks threats, you know what I'm saying? To each other? Yeah. It was more so me. You know what I'm, so Why go on the internet then if y'all, Because once it went on the internet he hit me like, boy you know you. But that's how like, oh okay you went on the internet nigga. That's how, that's how it Oh that's how I started. Okay, Okay. Yeah. Like bro, what the, because nobody would've knew. Nobody would've knew. It would've been a fight in Dubai. Yeah. And I was tripping because we was in Dubai. Both of y'all be in jail boy. Yeah. To this day's. What He was trying to get me to understand. I was so hot. I wouldn't listen at all. That's why he picked you up by your head like, nigga this is not what we doing Emini here. I, but yesterday he called me like, LeBron, I love you man.


I'm proud of you. 'cause I had my documentary premier like Bro I love you. You know, you know Woo woo. He said something about my dreads too. He was like, why you dread look thin. He was fuck with me though. But it was all little like I love bro. I done knew them boys for so long. I just can't. I'm the type, I can't look at you and be like, I don't fuck with Trey. I can't even tell another nigga something bad about him. I'm not gonna feel like a real one. I feel like I can say anything about him. Yeah. But I'm not gonna go to the next person and, and let them talk about him. You know? I ain't never been like that with my people. You know what I'm saying? It's like I can say whatever about this nigga. But if you start saying somebody, the nigga, then it is gonna be up with you. Shit. I am. So what about I, I heard you mention it a quite a few times, your documentary. What what is Call Me Queer about Call Me Queer is is a story about my whole life.


You just see my whole story. I feel like, like how NBA, when we go on the road and people be singing my records and people don't really gimme the respect in real life. This documentary should sum all of it up. This documentary should tell people why I feel like I'm the king of RB on my generation. I'm literally just showing you everything. Like we showed it last night in Atlanta and people really got tears in their eyes like watching that. And it's just like, it make me feel good because like I, I work so hard to get to where I am. You know what I'm saying? Like I work so hard. Like that's why I hate the fact that people play with me. But my mama always told me, she was like, man, when you get a real like situation and different things, like you know when people really respect your relationships and people start to like respect you as a man. I feel like all the jokes have changed with you on your music.


You know what I'm saying? But like I said, when I said I was a king of r and b, I know that just shook the room up with people and it is like, you know, they never put me on none of the king of RB tours. They went on. You know what I'm saying? They never put me on none of the shows they did. You know, nobody ever really gave me the proper credit that I deserved because I really sparked up the game. You know what I'm saying? I got people a whole lot of money, you know what I'm saying? I brought back the Dead some, some people was never talked about again or r and b. You know what I'm saying? It was all, that was a whole thing. You know what I'm saying? And I just know people don't, people don't like confidence for real. You know what I'm saying? It's like people don't like confidence when you Confident about yourself. Yeah. Like people don't even like LeBron. That's crazy. You dig what I'm saying? Like it's Like, and at one point everybody loves you And then they hate the same thing.


And that was the same way with me. And I remember I was the most loved little child, kid star when I came out. But I wouldn't. But I would come places like The Breakfast Club, not saying Charlemagne, but I would walk past Charlamagne or something. He'd be like, I try to dapp his hand and be like, I might look at him and be like, who that? Mm. And I would hear that shit. You know what I'm saying? But then I would get on the internet and season she be like, but that nigga just said something about me. Right. Yeah. So you Know the fuck. I'm like, why the fuck do you nigga playing in my face? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I remember like, like I remember I'll never forget like Tory, that's my brother Free Tory. I remember like I remember we was at Revol this when Revolt first popped off. We was at, we was outside And I remember I seeing Tory, I had knew he was from the internet.


You dig what I'm saying? Where I went to his tent, I was like, what's up bro? You know what I'm saying? I rock with you. You know what I'm saying? I remember he tried to act like he didn't know who I was. That's what sparked the king. That's what really sparked me. For real. And I remember I was like, this nigga acting like he don't know who I am. So I remember I got on the internet like man I'm, I'm tough. I'm harder than all these niggas except for Chris Brown. You feel me? Then I remember Tory adding me like something And I was like, nigga, I thought you didn't know who I was. Yeah. Then that's when we end up getting cool going on tour. 'cause he knew like, okay this nigga right here, he see the bullshit. You Ever fuck with him? Like, hey man, your head getting a little thin up top Tory. Yeah. Nah, I was always a nigga. I was on FaceTime with Tory when he got the hair transplant. He was at the Doctor's office. Yeah. When he was getting the surgery, nigga bleeding and shit.


I was on the phone. Damn. Damn that's my nigga. You know I Just, yo you r and b niggas on fucking fights yo. You know, just think about it, Trey, Chris, Tory, y'all are fighting. What's wrong with y'all? I'm good. I went through a terrible phase in my life. I kept telling Trey, I'm like, bro, we going through a spiritual, what I kept telling, I'm like, it's a spiritual war or something. I kept telling him that at the beginning of the year. That's why at the end of the year I see how I am now. I'm like man, I was right. You feel me? I'm like bro, we going through some shit gang. I'm like, bro, I'm telling the devil trying to get us bro. I'm like, I'm telling you bro, I'm not gonna be a part of your shit. That's what I kept telling him. I'm like bro, I'm not gonna be a part of this shit. Like whatever. Like bro, I'm not in that shit bro. Like, I just want to be like, you feel me? I just wanna be away from all this shit.


You feel me? That's how I started getting, that's when I started like being with my girl and just like saying fuck everybody. Like not, not really Fuck you. Yeah. But you know, you have to be like, man, fuck him. You know what I'm saying? Lock in. Yeah. I just locked in and, And I got right. You know one thing I love that your, your girl did she told you that you can't name? Well you can't name the son. Yeah. Your son can't have your last name if y'all Nah. But y'all know that was, that wasn't the truth. I'm glad we talking about that. Oh, it wasn't the truth. No, she didn't want him to be a junior. The last name was never a problem. You know what I'm saying? So he was, he was gonna be a broad next regardless. Got you. Got you. Gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Like the name was always gonna be doubled regardless. Like even when we finalized, like when we go through what our marriage and everything, all my kids would be Sanders broad nexts, you know what I'm saying?


Like I'm not gonna make snow. The only nigga like Sanders Broad Nexts, like his little sister be Sanders Broad Nexts his little brother be Sanders broad nexts everybody. So yeah, it was, it was more so a thing where I wanted his name to be Rodriguez Jacquees Ex bro. Nexts Emini here. Rodriguez Jacquees Ex bro Next Jr. At first. You know what I'm saying? And she fought you on that one, huh? Yeah, because now this what it happens. 'cause so when we wasn't married or whatever, whatever the case was, she had always told me like, I wanna keep my last name and just add on. Like, you know what I'm saying? But me, I was cool with that because I'm like, well you are Deiondra Sanders, that's your brand. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I don't really, and her father's legacy. Yeah. It's like, That's what I want. I got four daughters so I ain't got no son. So I I want the same big. Yeah. It's like I'm cool with that. You know what I'm saying? Your brand. But it's like, you know, but then when we pull up someone, she's like, well I'm Miss Bro next.


You know what I'm saying? That's my last name. That always made me feel good too. 'cause my son is Snow Sanders bro. Next. You know what I'm saying? So it's like we made it work out. I know everybody was like, man, he only married her because of the last name. But it's like, nah bro. She was, the kid would've had my last name regardless me anyway. I wanted to marry Shoty. It wasn't about like for the baby that's like foolish. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not that type dog. Like I'm not marrying you just so this kid have my name. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I'm gonna sign a birth certificate, nigga gonna have my name. You know what I'm saying? That's how this shit work. I will sign the birth certificate, nigga will have my name. But That, that whole story was fixed. She know It was Ka bro. I was just waiting to get on the right interview to say something. Wow. What Emini here. So that's why I'm glad I say allegedly about shit.


Yeah. Shit was kept A Lot of shit. I want y'all to ask me some more shit, bro. A lot of shit be kept about me. Like ask me some more shit. I can't wait to straight shit up. Everything kept about Jacquees Ex. Mm. Shit. I don't even know what the hell. Jacquees Emini here. So I be paying attention to the music. I don be, I don That ain't be trying. Your boy man aint gotta pay attention. Who are Some of your mentors though? I see you, you, you kick it with Mike Epps A lot. Yeah, that's my nigga. That's Mike Epps love me though. Yeah. Yeah. You feel me? Like I'm gonna tell you something like, see Mike Epps the type of nigga that we need more of because he liked that love Mike. He liked the type of OG in the neighborhood. You feel me? Like I went to Mike Epps show in Vegas and this the old queer, I was fucked up drunk as fuck.


Right? This when I used to have a ball, I'm in Vegas, no security fucked up. Me and my niggas. And I remember we go to Mike, Mike Epps show. I'm like, Mike got a show we pulling up. So me, I like to go to the shows and sit in the crowd, you know what I'm saying? So I go sit in the crowd, whatever. We had just left Usher show about two days before. So we turned, you feel me? So Mike doing this show. So I'm knowing I'm Jacquees Ex. I'm like, man, I'm finna make a scene in this bitch. You feel me? I get up, start making a scene. Mike s you know, pulled me to the front. We have a good time or whatever. But he seen something in me that I didn't. Right. So he came to the race like, Jacquees Ex boy, I'm glad you came to the show, boy. He turned it up. He was talking like, you know how nigga we walking, talking down the hall. I'm behind me like, boy, he turned shit up, nephew. Woo woo. He like, he introduced me to his wife, you know what I'm saying?


Stuff like that. And he pulled me to the side and he was like, man, Jacquees Ex, you gotta stop drinking. You feel me? I'm like, what? He like, man, I'm telling you nephew, you gotta stop drinking because he like, man, we look at you like Marvin Gaye, like you like are Marvin Gaye like the og my niggas who I'm with. Like, we look at you like that. Like he like you the shit to us. Like you feel me? You all lil niggas. That's what he telling me. You, it is making me feel good too. Because I'm like, damn, was Mike drinking? Nah, feel, Nah gay now come on Mike. Nah, he Jacquees Ex is dope, but Marvin Gay. Nah, bro. But that might be how I make a nigga feel. Yeah. Music is a feeling. My shit might give him that, that Marvin feel. But I remember he was just telling me like, bro, you gotta stop drinking and you should try to clean your image up. He was like, because you got a chance to be really bigger than you are right now.


You know what I'm saying? He like, don't think that you just, that came to a cap. You know what I'm saying? Like, bro, you could be bigger than what you is. And I remember I took that conversation And I, I didn't, I didn't, it didn't lock in with me right then and there. But you know, his people was checking in with me and then I finally got it together And I seen him, you know, he'll comment on some of my pictures and be like, you know, you a great, you a great dude, little bro. You know what I'm saying? But that make me be like, bro, I appreciate that. You know what I'm saying? Because it, it do give me the motivation to, to keep going. But as far as mo like mentors and stuff, I don't really have like, nobody that I just call on. Like when I, when I'm in trouble or something like that. Now I try to call my pastor, you know what I'm saying? Nope. Yeah. I just try to call the pastor like, you know what I'm saying? Just like to get some advice from him.


But as far as different people in the game like me and Keith Sweat talk a lot, but we just, that's just like my, he always drunk. Nah, that, nah, nah, nah, nah. That's just, that's just my og, not, nah, that's my og. We talk all the time. He, he give me advice. Chris. Chris was probably like the biggest person that would probably be like a mentor to me in the industry. Okay. I ain't talk to Big Brother in a minute, but me and big bro, like when I was on tour with Tink, like Chris called me every day damn near like, 'cause I remember my voice was messing up. He was telling me like, stop smoking.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses classic style innovative tag. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses. RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music. Make hands-free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


You Know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know, know. And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time because it's more than just a conversation. There's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


I don't know if you know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD


Nigga drink this, do that, do this every day. He would call me like, how you voicemail? You know what I'm saying? Like that's nice. He like, what you, what you feeling like? Like you know what I'm saying? I be like, I, it instantly made me feel like I was 18 again because I used to stay with Broh. Yeah. When I was young. You know what I'm saying? Instantly just made me feel like Yeah. And I would be like, damn. Oh, You just stay With Chris? Yeah. When I was graduated high school, he moved, he moved me out there to the Hollywood crib. Wow. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I was like supposed to sound with Chris Brown before I signed with Cash Money. Why he believe In you? Early. Early. Really? I ain't sound. 'cause Chris had to go to rehab. This was like 2015, 2014 when Chris had to go to rehab right before he had royalty. His first child. Yeah. Yep. And I remember he came back like, nigga you signed a bird man I need some of that money.


I'm like, I like, he was like, nah, I'm just playing with you Little bro. Do you regret not waiting? Do I regret not waiting? Nah. Nah. I don't have no regrets in my life. I love being with Cash Money. That was my dream. I saw you clear that up that you said they do pay they Artists. Yeah, like I'm straight with Stunner. You know like I always told people like I've never been the type, like if me and you sign an envy, I'm not even asking Envy about your business. Like if you come to me and complain to me about NV and be like Quick, can you go holler at him for me, then I'll try to, you know what I'm saying? But I ain't really going. I can't, I'm a man at the end of the day. Like, you know what I'm saying? I can't really, I gotta feed mine. You dig? So I ain't really, me and Stu and Slim always been good, you know what I'm saying? So they's been great And I made a song with Wayne, you know super dope.


I just made a song with Wayne a couple months ago. You still under contract with them or? Yeah, I'm still under the contract with Cash Money. You feel me? I'm still with Cash Money. So what's the relationship like? You don't you What with Stunner? Yeah. Oh I love Stunner. I think he blocked my number right now though. He got mad at me. For what? Because I wanted to go to Louisiana Fence. Mm. Because you wanted to go Emini here? I wanted to go and they left me And I think I was talking shit. What you mean? You think you But started my uncle though? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? It is like shit. Yeah I can get mad. Yeah. Shit, I wanted to go to Louisiana fifth. Shit. Fuck it. Lme still got you blocked. I don't, I don't know. I don't be checking her shit. Like she, she like LMA now.


You know what I'm saying? It's not like a thing to me anymore. It is like I'm happy for you, you're great. You date Jason Tatum. He's a great basketball player. That's it. Yeah. Just topical Shit. It's like you just cool like what's up Element. I wish you the best type shit but I'm not checking for you. Yeah, nah. Type shit. People Were mad at, well she was mad 'cause you had redid her record. Yeah, but I know she didn't understand 'cause she used to love me bro. Like she waited backstage to meet me. Like when I was on tour with Chris Brown, like my security called me like, Hey Ella, MA's waiting by your dressing room. She's very excited to meet you. I came down there, met her, we got it on tape. She, she loved me at first but I knew she was young And I knew the people around her. Like they wasn't giving her the proper game. Like the niggas that she signed to, they wasn't saying like, Hey this a artist sometimes artist remix your songs.


You know what I'm saying? You, you should rock with Ja Queens. Like that'd be dope. They didn't tell her that And it was kind of confusing 'cause that's how she had came up too, you know, doing that, like doing covers before she actually blew As well. Yeah. But, but you know when you make it in this game and you get around people that done had success before you, you tend to listen to 'em and you know what I'm saying? She like, it was, that shit was crazy. Me and Musta got an argument behind that shit and everything. But we cool now me and Musta got in a full blown argument about Redoing the Song, about about the trip. Shit. That's crazy. That nigga called my phone on FaceTime. I remember going crazy. I remember I had to tell that nigga like, man, you gotta calm down. But we got cool, you know? So now we playing. I remember we had planned to do some work but the work never happened. I don't know if it was Ka, you know what I'm saying? But I know we had said that we were gonna work.


You know I'm all about your work. You spoke, you spoke to Thug since he been on. I talked to Dolly though And I talked to his mama. But like I say, thug is my brother. Like his nieces and stuff was with us the whole time. He was locked up. You know what I'm saying? Like my nieces, his nieces go to the same school. All the graduation they'd be at my house. If I call his sister on FaceTime, my little cousin might be in the front seat. You know what I'm saying? It's like that. I called him the other day. They say he was in the shower. The nigga probably was standing right there by the phone. He probably ain't want to talk. You know what I'm saying? Why? Why wouldn't he wanna talk? He probably just, that nigga just came home and, and Then imagine how many people Yeah. Calling the, the phone, you know what I'm saying? And then me and bro close for real. Like it is like I know, I know bro. Probably just gonna fuck around and sin for me. You know what I'm saying? Like, hey bro, y'all get out here. That's how he is.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna go in there and see him and we gonna talk about everything though. Went through a lot. When he was locked up, did You talk to him while he was locked up? Did you send him any? Nope. I talked to his mama. Nope. And you know what? One of my people was on the inside like you know, as far as like, you know, keeping me posted with 'em and stuff like that. But I, one thing that I had started regretting 'cause I was gonna go to the court, you know how different people were showing up to the courtroom? Yeah. The courtroom. But I was like, nah, I'm not going to the courtroom. You know what I'm saying? Because I just didn't think it'll be smart. You know what I'm saying? For me to just go to the courtroom. So when I didn't write him a letter, I was just like dang, I know, I know Thug in there like read these letters. Like why the hell I ain't just write him a letter because I know he the type of person where everybody that wrote him a letter he going that that probably meant something to him.


Mm sure. But then I also thought about, well okay, even though I didn't write the letter, I know he's still hearing that his nieces, them still like feeling good. Like they see Jacquees Ex like you know what I'm saying? Like he treat him good, like they get to do this and that. You know what I'm saying? I know he hear that. I know that make him feel good like okay he doing that cool. You know what I'm saying? And then I know like me and his sister, them his mama them so tight. I talked to his mama like soon as he got out, you feel me? But I was talking to his mama during the whole thing too. You know what I'm saying? So like they, that that's my family thug. I'm gonna tell you like anybody take, I knew he was coming home because I knew his spirit. Like you feel me? Like Thug the type of person where it's like he another person where people are judged until they meet him.


Then when people meet Thug, they got a whole nother opinion about him. They be like, boy I love thug. You know what I'm saying? Because you could feel the type of person he is. He really is a great person. And that's what the Lord know. That's why I knew he was coming home. I knew it was just a lesson in it for him. I knew God just didn't want everybody around him no more. You know what I'm saying? Because he's a giver too. You know what I'm saying? Like he's a strong giver. I done been with Thug from the beginning, you know what I'm saying? Like I was with Ref from the, from day one, like literally, you know what I'm saying? Like shit, I know people don't know, you know what I'm saying? So that's why I don like when he Was holding the city down, Man, I, I was with Thug from day one. I've been with Thug since 2013, 14, you know what I'm saying? Since 2024. So basically God was using Woody to bring him home. I don't know who was I Don Dunno who was using, I can't.


I don know. I don know those guys like that. I don know those guys. But Free Got it though baby. How did, how did, how did the passing in the Rich homie Quan impact you? Oh, terrible. It hit me hard. You gotta think Thug and Quan were my big brothers in the industry. That's how I came in the game. You know what I'm saying? I came in with Quan and Thug literally holding my hand, both of 'em. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it's like when Quan passed, I instantly thought about Thug though. I ain't gonna cap. You know what I'm saying? I thought about Thug And I was just like, damn. Like I, I thought I started thinking about all the conversations me and Birdman used to have when I was like 21. You know what I'm saying? And I remember when Rich Gang broke up, me and Stunner used to talk so much about the plans that we had and different things like that. You know, and a lot of things that happened, you know what I'm saying?


Stunner used to like say like, man we need to do this so this don't happen, this don't happen. Like you got a chance to be the biggest in The World. You know what I'm saying? Like folks don't even know like the Rich Gang tour. Like when, when everybody was on the road, niggas was getting a lot of money early. It wasn't even no hits out for Real Lifestyle was the only song really out. But it was a lot of bread on the table. But it was a lot of artists too. You know what I'm saying? It was me, Soulja, boy, rich homie, Quan the, everybody was on that, that stage. But I just remember just thinking back like when Quan died, bro, I remember I went to the funeral. I remember I got on my knee and prayed in front of 'em. You dig what I'm saying? 'cause I was just like, damn, like Quan like you know when you see somebody up there that you know you dig what I'm saying? Like you like, like you like I know this nigga.


I just had talked to Quan 'cause Bucky had called me Deiondra brother. They, they wanted him to come out to Colorado. Coach Prime wanted him to come to Colorado. So I called Quan like, Hey bro, Colt wants you to come out there to Colorado. I hadn't talked to Quan in a minute though, you know what I'm saying? But I know I'm his brother so I know I can always call him. I know he gonna answer no matter what. You know what I'm saying? And I remember I called him, he like Qui bro, I'm proud of you bro. He like, bro, see you got the baby bro. He like Bro you gotta bring rain over here. Rain. That's my nephew. He like, you gotta bring rain over here bro. So him and Roro can be playing. That's his son. You know what I'm saying? He like, bro, qui look, look at it. He put on his hat like Coach Pry, you know Qua is like hilarious. He put his hat on like look bro, I got my coach Prime Hat on. Then he got a big old picture of Dion on his wall.


Wow. You know what I'm saying? He like bro because he always loved d know man legend. Yeah. You know Korn played baseball too. He was a big baseball player. So he like Browe look at a pitch of, look at the picture. I'm on my wife. He like, what you think I'm playing? You think I'm playing? He went the garage. He like, look at my cleats, you feel me? Because he got a cleats. I guess they go to the baseball field and they like look at my cleats. He, he got Dion cleats. He like, bro I swam col Prime out bro. I'm coming out there and just talking to Quan. And I was just talking to him like, he like, bro, I'm proud of you bro. Proud of you and Dionne like how you doing with the found too little bro? He like, he like Bro, I'm proud of you little bro like woo woo. But see Qua was one of 'em guys that put the bat in my back early. Like that's how I got the rich game. You know what I'm saying? So Quan and his daddy, you feel what I'm saying? And I was just like, when he passed, it also made me think like, man, like I even want to take more control of my life.


You know what I'm saying? Like I want take more control of my life because the way that Quo went out, it should teach everybody a lesson. You know it's lessons that we still being taught by the greatest people in The World. You dig what I'm saying? I'm like damn. Like, you know, just sitting up there, just like with Qua, it's just like Quo was the heartbeat of his family. You know what I'm saying? And me and Quan kind of like came up the same way. We both from the east side of Atlanta, we both like, we not street niggas, you know what I'm saying? But it's like we from the hood but we not street niggas. Yeah. You dig what I'm saying? Like, like but we, we, we around all that but we not street niggas. So I related to Quan a lot. He was smart in school. You dig what I'm saying? Like he was a leader. Rich homie Quan was a real leader dog.


Like if you was in Atlanta, like when this shit popped off, nigga that shit was crazy. Niggas went and got they haircut like this nigga like it was the rich homie corn haircut. You can go in the barbershop and be like, let get the quan like that little sponge shit that these nigga be doing man. You feel me. S that shit all from Brody them, you feel what I'm saying? And it's like I just think about myself. It made me wanna go harder bro. 'cause I feel like they little seed, you feel what I'm saying? Like the little one that they planted everything into like, like even when Corn and Thug would have they whatever the fuck they had going on, you know what I'm saying? I remember Qua called my phone, I might be in the studio with Thug. You know what I'm saying? He'll see it say Quan on my phone. You feel what I'm saying? He like, answer phone for your brother nigga.


You feel me? Like nigga answer phone for your brother. You feel what I'm saying? And I go talk to Quan and he'd come back. He'd be like, what Quan say you feel? I be like, shit, they probably was, they probably could have reconciled at some point. Yeah, absolutely. I, he was like, he, he was like, what Corn say? I be like, shit, he just, he was like, but yeah nigga stay stay locked in with your brothers. He like, I deserve this shit though, don't I? I be like, hell yeah. He like okay, okay cool, cool. Yeah you feel shit like that. I know it could've but you know people don't like to hear that shit 'cause nobody likes the peacemaker in the street. You know what I'm saying? So people don't really like to hear shit like that. But me as they little brother, I feel like I'm the type of person where I could always talk about how special our relationship was, you know? And how special they relationship was and how much they taught me about this shit. You know what I'm saying? When I first met Thug, Quan didn't even want me to meet Thug without him.


You know what I'm saying? He like, man I don't want you to meet him without me. 'cause I want him to know like that you my real little brother. Like I want him to treat you a certain way. Like I want him to love you like a certain way. I still pulled up without Quan but I remember him just saying like, you know bro, I want, I want everybody. Like he really had my back. I remember like nights we used to be in the studio 'cause the Rich Gang studio used to be packed. Like when we first started she'd probably like 50 niggas in the studio. At one point every artist in Atlanta was in Rich Gang. I remember Qua leave the studio early. I was like 19 then. But remember Quan was the biggest at first in the game. I remember he leaving, you know when a nigga leaving but they turn around and be like, Charlamagne you good. But then they walk somewhere and be like, sure you feel me?


Ray used to do that shit all the time, you feel me? Like telling you have to go home really like a little bit, you know what I'm saying? But I used to always stay but that's when I knew how much loved thug half for me. You know what I'm saying? I'm like damn thug love me too though bro. You feel me? Like bro love me too. Like, you know what I'm saying? Bro used to, I remember Thug used to always ask me like, man, why you don't bring your girlfriend on the tours? You know what I'm saying? I used to be like, he was like, it's about that money ain't it? He's like, man I throw you 5,000 so fast. She ain't gonna see it like this one niggas first started getting money, you know what I'm saying? So thug up my half, 20,000 on him. You know what I'm saying? But like I said, he was a giver. He would've gave me whatever, you know what I'm saying? I remember we going to the mall Quan, I remember my first time in the mall with them, bro. Like I remember I ain't, I ain't have no money, you know what I'm saying?


I remember Thug them asking me like, you want me to buy you something? You feel me? But I was the type of dude where I was like, I ain't wanna nobody to buy me nothing. You feel me? Like, nah, I'm straight. I just, you know, I just work for it. You feel what I'm saying? He like, all right, well next time you come here, white Berg gonna get you anything you want. You feel me? Like he did me the same way when I first signed it to him. Da, he was just giving me the game. I just remember all these stories. It was just dope bro. Like did it happen? Did he Yeah, I went back Stone ball, everything. I, you know what I'm saying? He was literally just like, he said like I just, I just remember that I'm just watching them shop. You feel me? Like damn, like I remember London, this when London first got a check. I remember they was just buying designer shit. I'm like, these niggas I had on a white t on, you feel me? I'm like, these nigga just balling.


You think Stu get a bad deal? What? The way people talk about his business. Oh hell yeah. All the stories that you just telling us. All the stuff that he's done, man. Yeah, Stu and Stu asked me one day like, nephew, why everybody don't why like I helped everybody. Like why you feel me? Like why the fuck like, because Stunner one of 'em niggas you just want to hang with. You know what I'm saying? Like, when I'm with Stunner, like them be like the most greatest times ever for me. You know what I'm saying? Because for one, I grew up on 'em for two, we formed a real relationship and for three, like Stunner made me a household name, you know what I'm saying? And I'm super thankful for Slim and Stunner. 'cause I told a nigga the other day, I'm like, bro, no matter how mad I get with Stunner or what Stunner still put my albums out, bro.


Like, like Stunner ain't holding this nuts on me ever. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like bro, I can't be, can't nobody get in my head by my UNC period. You know what I'm saying? So it's like I got my own like, you know what I'm saying? Like I, I love Stunner. I wouldn't be who I am without Stunner and Slim bro. Like, And I really, it is not even business. Like we like family for real. We argue niggas block each other numbers and niggas unblock the numbers. Niggas go out to eat. Niggas literally argue figure it out. Stun be on the phone with my mama. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like talking to my moms, like they talk about shit. You know, we family bro. Like if stun, if one of my homeboys stunner don't like, he call me like, Hey, get a nigga from around you.


I don't give a fuck what you say. Nigga can't come back around me. You know what I'm saying? Like shit like that. And it's like, it was, it is deeper than rap. I tell everybody like bro, if I would have signed with any other label, I wouldn't be Jacquees Ex who I am. 'cause I done had cold moments in the game, you know what I'm saying? One thing about cash money, what Stunner don't do is leave you in the cold. You feel me? He don't leave you in the cold like Stunner get in the cold with you. You feel me? And that's what I always respected about Unc. Like, like most labels would be like, all this nigga ain't doing shit. Drop him. We ain't spend no more money on the nigga. He keeps spinning the bad, he keep doing shit. And that's, we keep rolling. He just keep the faith going. You know, even when Stomach get upset with me, he still makes sure my shit come out. You know what I'm saying?


So it's like he must that business. Yeah, it is. Like he handle the business. He might be mad at me about some other shit that I ain't listening to him on, on some nephew shit. You feel me? But besides that, he, he putting out my shit. And you tripping off L Louisiana tickets? Hell yeah. He wanted to go shit. You know what, I wanted to ask you too about when you, when you proposed, did you, did you hit up Dion first because you, that's the respectful thing you do. You gotta call the Pops first. Oh Yeah, I hit up Dion. But I gotta tell y'all Stu, the reason was one of the biggest reason I got married. I forgot to say that. When we went to Essence Fest, I hadn't seen Stunner in a long time. So this the first time UNC seen me since I had been not drinking and stuff. You feel me? Because you know, during that time a lot of people had done got like, man, you know they would be upset with you. You know what I'm saying? So when Stunner seen me like, boy, you look good, boy, you feel, first thing he told me like, nephew, you look good boy.


He like, you need to marry her. You feel me? He like, I'm deadass like, you know, I don't even talk like that. That's what he said. He like, he like, you know, I don't even say shit like this. He like, but you need to marry her bro. Like she done made you better. He like this the best I ever seen you look God damn, you focused. You need to marry her like she pregnant. You need to marry her. You feel me? He like, you don't need to waste no time. So when he said that, I just was like, damn. So I, I thought about Dion too. I'm like, okay. So I called him, called Dion, called Dion with his pastor. You know what I'm saying? Dion talked to me, you know what I'm saying? He gave me a lot of game stuff that I never forget, you know what I'm saying? Told me stuff that I needed to hear, you know what I'm saying?


He kept it, he kept it real with me. It's like he wasn't talking to me like a little boy. That's clueless. You know what I'm saying? He talking to me like a man, like he was talking to me like a man that's like, like, like he's been me before. You know what I'm saying? So it was like very honorable for me, you know what I'm saying? And I, I took it all in and he basically gave me his, his blessing. Yeah. I went and bought the ring right after that. And that's amazing. And, and remember when you said you want us to ask you some more shit. So I wanted to ask you this more specifically. 'cause we went past it a little quick. That that had to be sacred for you. Having a baby is sacred for you. Having a baby is sacred for a woman too. Especially when it's y'all first. And that's news that y'all wanna put out.


But when Dreezy put it out there first, what was your initial reaction? And then what was Deandres too? Because she had told us. I was, that's how we found out. You all was pregnant, Dre. I was, I was, I was high. And I'm gonna tell you like the reason I did it, And I, and I know that I I'm probably wrong or was wrong or the way I was thinking because of course as me and we grew up, we learned, I thought that I owed her something to tell her because I had been with her for so long. Mm. You know what I'm saying? So I was like, okay, as a friend, you know, as a respectful dude, you know what I'm saying? I was with Dres for a long time. Let me tell her that I'm having a baby before she just found out through The World. Okay. So you asked, you told Dre Dreezy, I know Deandre that you was going tell Dreezy?


Nah, nah, I told you just told, I told Dreezy like Yeah. I was like, look, I'm having a baby. You know what I'm saying? I was like, Deandre having a baby. You know? I wanted g to respect, to let you know, like I feel like we had that type of relationship where I could let you like, you know, I don't want you to be blinded where you embarrassed or you know what I'm saying, these type of things. You know what I'm saying? But she went out and put it out. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She said you were begging to get her pregnant too. I was, I was so lost, bro. Like, I would tell you the truth, bro. I was one of them niggas, like I said, I wanted my cake and eat it too. And I was drinking. So, you know, when you drinking you're not making the proper dec decision. And it, she said you sent drawers to her house. What you face on? Nah bro. I didn't send no draws. I Don face on. Yeah, that's what I didn't send no draws. I put it in just the, It was probably something sent to me, but I didn't get, I didn't put my face on nothing.


Oh, okay. You know what I I'm saying You didn't send no underwear? Nah, I don't got the time to do all that, Bro. No. All right. Well, did you allegedly send No, No. I didn't send, no, I didn't send no underwear. I ain't send no underwear. You feel me? If something was sent to me, I don't know. Do You own underwear with your face on it? No. Okay. No, no, no. But nah. Did they ever, did they ever talk? Did Dre, Did Dere ever talk? Did they talked? They talked. They talked. Yeah, they talked. I don't know if it was the best conversation, but I think they talked to the point where they don't have to talk again. Yeah. Yeah. So Revie wasn't lying when she said you was trying to get her, you was hitting her up saying you wanna get her pregnant. She had texts? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. She had a text message. I think the text is the Proof.


And he had said he always wanted kids. You said you always wanted kids. You always wanted a Family. Yeah, I wanted a family. And I think, And I think, like I said, like with me, I was 28, 29, you know what I'm saying? I'm 39, you know what I'm saying? I was sometimes a man feel like a child can solve all these problems too. Sometimes a man will feel like, man, if we had this baby, like that's gonna solve all our problems. Like that's the answer we need. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? There's Women that think like, That's too, and that's what I was thinking. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Like that's what I was thinking. You know, when I was in that mode, I was thinking like, man, maybe if me and g have a baby, like, you know, this was before all Deiondra stuff, how I was thinking. I was like, man, if we have a baby, you know, all our problems will be fixed. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know what I'm saying? And she would always tell me like, I don't want a kid.


I don't want a kid. You know what I'm saying? So when I had my baby with, when Deandre got pregnant, I'm like, man, this gotta be God. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I've been with Dre for years. She never got pregnant. You know what I'm, I was with her from, I was 23 till now. You know what I'm saying? Like, she never got pregnant. I was just like, Oh wow. That was a six year relationship. Damn. Yeah. That shit was long as fuck. Yeah. But you Still love her. I got love for her. I'm not in love with her. I always have love for her. I think anybody that's been with a person that say they got no love for him at all, it's just like a terrible person. You know what I'm saying? It's like, damn you, I wouldn't let her get hit by a car And I push her out in the street. I can, that was say you can't, you know what I'm saying? If I push stop, Goddamn. If I could push her out the street, I Would, you know what Emini here, I'm not gonna let, I'm not gonna let her get hit by a car.


Like what I'm saying. But nah, like I, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so in love with where I am now. I feel so confident to talk about my past. Yeah. I, you know what I'm saying? Like, I can, I can sit up here and talk about my past because I'm not even saying nothing that's, that's harmful Torey. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, I got respect for her. Like, I think she one of the dopest rappers out. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Well, she definitely cool. Yeah. She's super Dreezy wrote one of my records on my album. Mm. Oh, on the, on Baby making The last one, the last album I dropped. So The one that from 2022. Yeah, that ly Was it Cecily? Yeah, she wrote Start Over. Okay. Okay. She wrote the whole record. Wow. Oh, I wrote the second verse. But Didn't future EP that I'm tripping. Yeah. All right. But Oh yeah, man.


But cool. Well, Baby making is out right now. Now you can get jazz back to, to your family home. And I, me, another question. I know I do got one question about that though. All because come on. 'cause he thinking about his son a lot today. I know. And I know you got a pump, but hey, that's hard. Im proud of you. I'm proud of you, bro. You be up here pumping day about out pump. How old is your son? My son is 12. My daughter is three months. Three months. And yeah, she's the breastfed baby exclusively. So I'm sitting here thinking about exclusively not having no milk right now. Yeah. That's all she ate. We not mixing, we not doing the formula. We just doing strictly. I'm Saying breast, we didn't do the formula either, but we had to do the, what you call it, it's, it's a formula.


Oh, hybrid. No, it's a formula, but it's like Soy is vegan. It's, yeah, it's Soy Put the powder in it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We had to do that. It's one of the, the healthier ones. I I I know I read, tell me if I'm wrong, I read you didn't have a relationship with your biological father. True. So how does that impact how you parent now? Well, I tell, I, I just started telling people that, 'cause for a long time I was like, I don't know if I was embarrassed about that or not. I don't think I was embarrassed. I just didn't want, want niggas to know my business. You know what I'm saying? Like, I think that's more so how I was like, you gotta think like, none of my friends ever knew that about me growing up ever till now I saying the interview. Damn. You feel me? Never like, 'cause I was just like, I ain't telling niggas that. Like, I don't want to give niggas no reason to look down on me. You know what I'm saying?


Like, I ain't giving no nigga a reason to look down on me. I keep everything internal, you know what I'm saying? And, but my dad that raised me, his name's Steve. You know what I'm saying? That's my little sister dad. But that's my daddy. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, the nigga been with me since I was born, you know what I'm saying? So it's like, I would feel like I'm doing him wrong to Just say another nigga, my daddy, you feel me? So it's like my biological father, I don't have a relationship with him. I went down to see him in Mississippi once for like a family reunion. And I remember he came here once. But how I'm gonna do it with my son is like, well, my dad taught me Steve, I'm gonna teach my son the same thing. Like my daddy was lit. You feel me? I got two brothers on my daddy's side, Steve and Stefan. They would always come down to summer. But like I say, my mama really played both roles though, you know.


So with me, I just know I'm gonna teach my son like how to love his family, how to be a standup guy. I'm gonna teach him by God early, you know what I'm saying? And just how to be responsible and just how to look out for the family. I'm teaching that family is very important. You know what I'm saying? Family is very, very important. I want, I want him to have a real family dynamic. Like, you know, I believe that I'm changing the dynamics of Deandre's family. Right. You know, because my family, we grew up like, and not saying they diff they they didn't. But the love that we grew up with was kind of different. You know what I'm saying? It's like we diff it was just a different type of love. Like all love is different. Every household is different. Like, you know what I'm saying? You might have grew up with love in your household. We might have grew up with love in our household, but it could, it could have been different love. Like your daddy could have told, showed, showed you tough love.


My mama could have told me she loved me every day. Literally. You know what I'm saying? That shit have changed, a nigga that have changed people. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, I believe that what I'm doing is I'm building a great thing. Like I told you, it's difficult to mend families, you know what I'm saying? Because you, you used to two different things. But I think now it's like the biggest thing I'm doing now is just like men in the family. And I think that, you know, it's, it's, it's difficult but it's worth it. You know what I'm saying? It's tough, but it's worth it. But it's like the toughest shit ever. But it's worth it. But it's worth it. But it's worth it. Yeah. You know, and I'm just in it. I'm in it. 'cause I, I want him to have, I want him to have like everything I did it and everything.


I did it, everything I had and more, you know what I'm saying? Like, he gonna be blessed because he gonna, like, my mom was so lit to me, you know what I'm saying? Like lit like, bro, like whenever my mama still to this day, like whenever my mama get in the pool or do anything or just do activities with us, that shit turned me up. You know what I'm saying? Like, like for Thanksgiving, I wasn't with my mama them, I was with Deandre's mom and them. But I got on the internet And I seen my mama jumping in the pool and shit. I'm like, man, I wish I was down there. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm like, that's when I know we turned. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You feel me? So you haven't had that type of stuff growing up? We had it from my mama. Got you. You get what I'm saying? So it's like now my son to get to know like, man, my mama lit and my daddy lit ly. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't just gotta look for my mama to be lit with shit.


It is like my daddy turned too. So it's like, that's what he gonna get to have. So I'm just excited about his life. And he got, got his grandfather, he got some amazing uncles like Shado and Bucky, like they, they great guys too. Like not only am am I a great example, but he also got them. I think that's super dope. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's why I want everybody to be so close because how I am like my nephew, like my son, like my niece, like my daughter, you know what I'm saying? I want my my son to grow with his cousins, like brothers and sisters. You get what I'm saying? Like that's just all we know. But I believe that that's a new dynamic that I'm bringing into her family. You know, that I, that I, that I, that I believe will be great because at the end of the day, that's how we all started anyway.


Everybody started on the flow, on the palette with your cousin. You know what I'm saying? Or if you didn't, you probably didn't, but if you didn't, I think you should live this life. 'cause it's great. Like family is amazing. I just, I miss family reunions and shit like that. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I remember going to the motherfuckers like, like, you feel me? Like you got to go. Families ain't like I miss like, nigga had to go to they grandma house, nigga, you got to go over there. I don't give a fuck what you got. Eat this food. Don't give a fuck if you vegan nigga. Like, you know what I'm saying? Well, what The fuck is vegan? Back in the day I miss shit. Like no Back day. I just miss real shit. Right? Like I miss real shit. Like my son, not like he gonna have a voice. Of course he gonna have a voice, but I'm not letting him do shit that I know ain't right.


I don't give a fuck. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't give a fuck. You know what I'm saying? Like, you get what I'm saying? Boy, I'm proud of you. That's right. Like so much fun. Keep growing man. Keep growing. Baby making is out right now. Go Get it. Number One album. Appreciate you for joining us. Let's get into a record. What you wanna hear down, Man. Let's go into that Touchdown Man produced by Nash being Woody. McClean man Kane from Power. Oh wow. Okay. So he not only dancing for Yolanda Adams, he doing, he doing what? You doing okay? I know that's right. It's The Breakfast Club is Jacquees Ex. Yeah. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time, I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise, my name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now, wherever you're listening, and we will get you caught up.


It's beginning to sound a lot like the holidays, the Roku channel. Your home for free and premium TV is giving you access to holiday music and genre base stations from iHeart all for free. Find the soundtrack of the season with channels like iHeart, Christmas and North Pole Radio. The Roku channel is available on all Roku devices, web, Amazon Fire tv, Google tv, Samsung TVs, and the Roku mobile app on iOS and Android devices. So stream what you love and turn up the cheer with iHeartRadio on the Roku channel. Happy streaming.


Hey, loves, it's Paris Hilton. Are you ready to s live your best life this holiday season? Well, I've got the ultimate holiday giveaway just for you. Go to paris hilton.com/giveaway to win a fabulous gift basket filled with handpicked faves from my gift guide, from my iconic cookware and chic apparel to glam goodies for my go-to brands. This bundle has it all. Don't wait. Enter now at paris hilton.com/giveaway. Good luck and happy holidays. Keeps living. That's hot.


The dating app fatigue is real, mindless swiping meaningless. Dms and an overwhelming amount of likes have made us feel more disconnected than ever. While most dating apps are all about pursuing someone else, there's one that's carved out a space for you to find yourself. Download field, F-E-E-L-D On field, an app. We're curious people come to connect. You have the breathing room to explore your own desires and go on a journey wherein the person you discover is yourself. In fact, 62% of field members evolve their sexuality interests and desires within their first year on the App. You have the freedom to explore who you are and what you like in ways you haven't imagined As part of this community, you'll quickly find that people regularly practice honesty and openness. See any field buyer download Field, F-E-E-L-D On the app store or Google Play, PK.