
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny, seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. And currently we Are on vacation, man. Totally disconnected. Yes. We not even really here. You think you listening to us, but we not Well, We are not. We are here in spirit. Yeah. Yeah, we're on vacation. So we're Playing the best donkeys, the best interviews you guys, which is the best callers and some of the BEST MOMENTS The Breakfast Club has had in the last couple of months. So sit back, Relax, enjoy, And have fun. Keep it locked. Red's gonna be running the boards. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. What's Up? What's up James? Get it off your chest, brother. Nothing much. Good morning everyone. Jazzy Jess. What's up? What's up? What's up? Yeah. Yo, I saw this advertisement on Instagram the other day about these sneakers that give, they're for men that gives you three inches of height. They like lifts. And it had me thinking, oh, at first I was like, that's a pretty good idea. But then I thought, isn't that lying? Kind of like, that is ridiculous. Women with the, That is so lame. Why would you want, why would you wanna do that? That's so corny. Why? Why? Why can't we just be happy with what God gave us?


Because What if he's like four 11 and he's sick and he's sick of it. He's Still four 11 even in them sneakers. And you gonna look extra dumb when you come out them sneakers in front of your, the whatever girl you trying to impress. She gonna be like, what happened? Now S that, that's what I was getting. Tochar like, like isn't that lion kind of like with women with the weave and the pushup balls and all that stuff? Yes. Excuse me. Yeah. A lot of people use those sneakers and they say those sneakers actually work and you can't tell like they look natural and they even got something else where they put a heel in the sneaker to make you look a little taller as well. Yeah, They look natural until you take 'em off. Imagine you meet the girl of your dreams talking about you. I met this dude, he five, he about five nine, right? Five 10. Right. And tell you, you take some sneakers off. And then she's like, what the hell He clown though? Because they literally just was like our wigs and pushup bras.


That is totally different. What are you talking about? It's the same thing. No, it's not. It's the same thing. You meet this girl, she got big ass breasts and then she take off her bra And no, the breasts still big. They're just not per, yeah, They're just not sitting up like, you Know, just not perking them take on the floor, But to Take off your shoes and be like five, five. And I thought she was five eight is disrespectful. That is, I Agree. Or the same thing. You got beautiful hair. You think your hair's so beautiful. Then she put the wig on the, on the side, the same thing. I don't mind a wig. Yeah, it Looks like that's what I thought. That's what I thought. Same thing. A wig. It is different 'cause a wig. It's not like she's trying to pretend that her hair is actually her hair. Yeah. With a wig. You know it's a wig. You trying to act like you will Smith with you Carl.


Now I got a freaking jazzy Jeff. You and throw your ass up. Right? Jesus. Thank you brother. You don't order them. Hello? He ordered every color. Yep. Hello? Who's this? What's That? This DJ rock. AKA Mr. Myrtle Beach. What's happening? Myrtle Beach. What's up? Get it off your Chest. What's happening in the Myrtle? Man, I love Myrtle Beach. Grew up in Myrtle Beach, man. Sag. What's up Sag? What's Happening? What's happening brother? Like I heard this lady call up like a monos. So go trying to give you flowers, her hands from you and all that. I said, look it man. Somebody need to call and let Jess know that she a barbershop legend. For real? I'm a barbershop legend. That you fine. Lemme tell you what happened, Jess. You remember there was a clip on your Instagram that, oh boy, that you did, I think like some, your boyfriend woke you up and was was like, who is this on your phone or something like that?


And you was like, who is this? Who is this? You had some red panties on laying in the bed. Look your Christ, Jesus. Everybody in the barber shop was talking about that, that day. That was so many years ago. Wasn't it? Wasn't there like six or seven or eight years ago or something. Everybody came in the barber shop like, man, you seen that clip with chest excuse was laying in the bed and the boyfriend woke up. Everybody was like, yeah dog. Oh Yeah, that was the ski. I was in Miami. That was, yeah, that's the one. And then Jamie Fox commented on that too. Yeah, I remember that. I think Something different. You know what he, he, he not lying 'cause people would be in my group chat and they'd be like, yo, my bad Charlamagne. And then it'll be a clip of Jeff and some Tuby movie busting it open or something. Excuse me. No, this is not an opportunity. Me. I'm Kidding. She a group chat led you, Everybody at the barber shop saw that shit, man.


It was like, yeah, Since we talking it, it hit my group chat too. I had to block everybody. I don talk my like my sis like that now. And They think, they think saying my bad is gonna be on my bad Char man. Exactly. They think saying that is cool. Whatever. Yo, Jack, you Could just blush it. Justin blush it. Thank you brother. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo Sha man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's we live. Hello?


Who's this? This Ben Man, how y'all doing? What's Up brother? You going to your chest? What's up brother? Ba Man. Hey, I called a couple weeks first of all. Good morning y'all. Good Morning. Good Morning. Oh, these people out here swerving. I had to, you know. Hey, you were swerving? Yeah. Don't crash Kash. Turn that jello ball on you. Nah, these, these, these, these people out here swerving but they drive crazy in the morning. But Jello Ball. Yo. I called a couple, man. I called a couple weeks ago And I was complaining about my girl and her dog and the dog hair. Right. Oh yeah, I remember. Yeah. Okay. Nah, fast for a couple weeks later. Her mama heal for a couple weeks. Yep. Oh God. All right.


Let me start off by saying this. Me and my mother-in-law, we cool, we icy. That's my girl. I I love her to death. Okay. You know best grandma everything. But there's a butt coming. Yep. Course, But me and her finna fall out. Wow. I she is letting these dogs run all around the house. Well Them dogs. Them them, them dogs gonna be the death of you bro. You gonna let them dogs stretch you all the way up? No, I'm gonna be a death of them dog. They ain't gonna kill me. They ain't gonna get up outta here. Damn yo. I come home from work soon as I touch my door. Who meeting me at the door? The dog. The dog. The dog. I go in the house.


First thing I see is, you know you got the little, the little tray table or whatever, you know you pull out for the little kids to eat on and stuff. Yep. It's here. All over the little table. I'm looking around now. This my money law now. I can't say nothing to her. So I'm gonna call and vent y'all. I'm gonna talk to y'all just like I'm gonna say to y'all what I wanna say. Hey lady, I'm about to send you back to Puerto Rico because me and you cool, but you let me dogs run around my house. My old lady already told you I don't like this. Like listen, we cool, I love you. But put these got the dogs where they supposed to be at in there behind the little doggy gate. And don't let 'em come out until I say so.


Let 'em go in the backyard. You go and you ain't never coming back. Are They Chihuahuas? No man, it's a a American pit and Oh no ale. They Gotta stay bro. You might as, you might as well just be at one with the dog man. You might as well just cuddle the dog. Pet the dog and let the dog be your best friend bro. At this point, yeah, You can always tell your mother-in-law that ice on the way. You be like, look man, they not playing. They knocking on dogs Puerto Rico. They knocking on They Rico, they don't play with it like that. They, they don't know the difference. They said something, they knocking on doors, you know what I'm saying? Talking about they dunno the difference. Something the ice people don't know the difference. They, they knocking on doors part of tell her just for her own safety. She might need to just go back to Puerto Rico before she get mixed up.


I ain't even finna play with that lady talking about ice with her. She don't even like to see pump on tv. Damn. All right bear. Well good luck brother. Y'all have a good one man. Alright Too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent and hit us up. Now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's djj, nv, Jess Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is sick so she's not here. Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Come on man. The living legend himself. Martin. Martin Lawrence, nigga and gentlemen, how you feeling? Good. Great man. Glad to be here with you guys This weekend. You're gonna be at the Barlay and also Atlantic City Performance.


So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. We actually today we're giving away front row seats to go to the show. So call it one oh five right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got a pair of tickets. Don't say nothing in the front row 'cause I might get you In front row. Those tickets are yours. How you feeling brother? I'm feeling great, man. Feeling great, feeling blessed. I feel for all the people going through tragic stuff in la you know, with the fires my sister's house burned down. Oh man. Sorry to hear That. Sorry to hear That brother. Yeah, so you know, we gotta start rebuilding, you know. So You live in LA too, right? Was your house affected or No. No, but it was getting close.


It was getting close? Yeah. Do they call you immediately like Martin House burned down? Yeah, well I was at my ranch back in Virginia and chilling in the snow and all that was going on And I was just, wasn't nothing I could do, but my family that I I had in LA was holding it down. Do you reach for your pockets first or do you wait to see what the insurance going to do? Both. Both. Everybody. What's the rebuilding process gonna be like though? Like, you guys have to wait a certain amount of time before you can even start like thinking about that. Do they give you a, a Timeline? I really don't know. I really don't know. I gotta ask about Bad Boys. You know the, the Bad Boys franchise picked back up right where y'all left off years ago, right?


Yeah. And it's pretty amazing 'cause as a kid I grew up on it, right? But now my kids were growing up on it. So how did you expect it to catch so big? And how many of y'all gonna do? Because it, it's, it's not whack. It's not like, you know, usually you do a sequel, it's like ah, and then the one after that, it's like, ah. Yeah. But now it's, it's not whack. It keeps going. So how many more of y'all gonna do? Are y'all shooting at? I I really don't know. You know, you know the, the business is fickle, you know, I hope to do more, you know, as long as Will wants to do 'em, you know, we'll do we'll and the audience wants some, we'll do 'em. We like giving you good work and we have a lot of fun with bad boys. Why? I I I was wondering about the, to like, like you, you, you, you got money, you olding Now why even go back on the grind and doing a comedy Tour?


Because it's where I started. It is my baby. It's, it's, it is my breadwinner. When I don't have nothing else to do, I can't do movies or TV or whatever, I can always go back to stand up and my audience is always there for me. I saw a quote you said the way fighters train, that's how you train. When, when you're getting ready for comedy, how do you get ready for a tour like this after 10 years and getting back on the stage? Like is that a different level of training now or is it still the same? No, it's same. I I go to comedy clubs, you know, and I, I work out, I go to the comedy store and work out during the week and just keep working out, working out till I build up hours set until it's ready to go on the road.


How you pick and choose what goes into your sets, because like I was watching one of your old sets that you did at, you mentioned like the Rodney King beatings and like, but you made it funny in a dark time. Nowadays people so touchy, like, so do you stay away from certain stuff? 'cause you're like, now it's like the Icon Martin now? Nah, I'm, I'm a little cautious about, you know, subjects that I, that I choose and everything. When I was younger I was fearless, you know, I just, I would talk about anything or anybody, but it's a different time. Do you remember the, the, the times? 'cause I always hear these stories and, and it's, to me it's like, damn this, this really happened when you used to work telemarketing and you were there with salt and pepper I guess and Yeah, see no that was Sears.


Was that Sears? Sears and robots. Sears And robots. How was those experiences? And are you ever amazed that all of y'all were successful in your own way of going? Well, well see, I wasn't there with kid and play. I was there with salt and pepper And I was always clowning, you know, joking around at work and everything. Not on the phone doing what I'm supposed to be doing. What did Y'all have to do Y'all? I was trying, I was trying to crack on salt. I was trying, I was trying to crack on salt and Herbie Love was working there too And I was like salty, you know, I'm trying to get with you, da da and she was like, Martin, I'm with Herbie. I said, Herbie's, your b your boyfriend.


And I look at Herbie And I say, Herbie, this your girlfriend. You say, yeah. I said, oh man. So then I just had to leave that alone. So what were y'all selling on the phone? That's what I never know. Like what was Sears selling? Were y'all selling Me maintenance, maintenance agreements? Oh, Ma, yeah. Selling meat. So do you remember maintenance? Do you remember your pitch back then and what you had to do? Well, you know, hello, how are you? I was wondering, you just brought a new appliance. So how is it working for you? You know, in 30 days or 60 days something could happen to it. Would you like to extend your warranty and all that? You know? And when they said no, did you curse 'em out? Do you start cracking on them? Nah, they, because a lot of 'em just hang up.


Oh, okay. Has somebody come To one of your shows and be like, yo, you called me like nobody ever like that has never Happened. No, no, no. I don remember That. You, you, I was thinking too about you a you you are a very physical comedian, right? That's what like a lot, a lot of what you do involves your facial expressions. How you move as you got older. Do you believe that impacts your comedy? No. Nah. I still love being physical. I love, I love it. It is, you Ain't falling all over the floor. No. Nah, I ain't do Somebody gotta help get back, show open, show Done. No, I'm not doing that. But I love still doing some physical comedy. Yeah. And you said you, you know, you don't say what you used to say on stage. I remember an episode of Def Comedy Jam. I forgot who you was messing with.


I feel like he was at level, but maybe I'm making this up. But you was saying you was talking about a girl. He was with a girl and you was saying you, you remember that episode? Oh, you talking about Mc Light? Was it Mc Light? The Mc Light joke Light? Yeah, the mc light joke. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that so that wasn't A joke. Yeah, but that wasn't a true joke. That goes Viral all the time. Viral all the time. Yeah. That, that wasn't true. That that wasn't a true, I was just messing with her boyfriend, God And I Was just digging at him. So, you know, I I just said it. God damn. I didn't know he had to approach you about that Was I was like, did he see you at The show? He couldn't do nothing. He could whoop my ass. Yeah. Yeah. It was Todd at the time or something.


Why did you Decide to heat him up like that? Because Ed Lover and them was saying get, get him with a joke. That's a hell of a joke to say in front of a, That was Ty. You remember Ty used to do the, Ty used to do Rap City with them. Not Rap City, but yo on tv, rap store. Got you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. You gotcha. You gotcha. You got So has anybody ever Did Mc like get mad about that joke? Nah, she, she was real cool. Okay. Nah, she's real cool. Did anybody ever come into you after your show and wanted to fight? Because like he said, you didn't hold anything back. Like you didn't care who was in that show you was going at him. Anybody say, yo, I'm gonna be Martin outside after? Nah. 'cause I, I'm not that dude man. And I got goons Yeah, Goons back, back then. So it wasn't happening.


Wasn't happening. Ain't laugh at Ain't even smile. I got Go And I still got him. So if you want come to the ball, He get a little Upset. Just know it goes back to that. All right, we got more with Martin when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren, the Rosa of filling in for Jess. We're still kicking in with Martin Lawrence now in the news we see that your daughter got engaged to Eddie Murphy's son. Yeah, that was in the news. Congratulations. And he's, He's a great kid. He's, I'm a great young man. I don't think she could have found nobody better. Right. I love that.


Now we have this rule up here if we are ever out and about whoever, Somebody that's rich than us. If Whoever has the most money has to pay Bill, he has pay the bill. Well, Eddie already said I had to pay for it. He said he paid for the last six weddings, you know, 'cause Eddie got a lot of kids. Right, Right. You know, he said he paid for the last six. So he said nah, this is on you. He said, I, I said I don't mind. Damn. So he Still holding you to that? He Yeah, he is holding me to that. He was holding me. When they first told you that they was connected, what did you, did you call Lenny and be like, Hey man, you know our children are dating? Nah, I just, when I talked to him I said, can you believe it? And he says, nah, it's beautiful. As long as they respect each other and, and love each other The World too.


Nah, nah, nah. I I picture you and Will at the door and they and they coming up and you having that conversation. So you never had to have that conversation. Nah, my, with my daughters I'm open. I'm, I'm, you know, I'm the kind of father that gives them room. If the boyfriends that bringing me to meet are disrespectful, then they're gonna see another side of me. But if they're nice young men or whatever, I don't, I don't do all, you Don't get Involved. They probably already know by the time you meet my dad, you need to Be right. Yeah. Dad don't play around. And my reputation precedes itself. You must people Not even Jesus Comedy world, Like Play with Martin.


You know, I also wonder too, growing up, you know, watching you play Shanae Nay watching you in Big Mama's House. I never thought anything of it. I just thought it was funny. But nowadays you hear people say, oh you know, that's, you gotta sell your soul in Hollywood. And that's humiliation rituals and Neo Illuminati. Yeah. What, what do you think of that? It's bull doing what I do and doing Big Mama and, and characters like that. Shana Nay or whatever. He's are strong black women, you know, and I'm a comedian, you know, and I'm, I'm not above playing a character, putting on a dress or whatever 'cause I'm in tune with my manhood, you know? So I, I know who I am so I don't worry about all That.


Is that a missed art? 'cause we seen it with you. We seen it with Eddie. But now it seems like everybody, like he said, it's afraid to do that. But Except for Tyler Emini here. Except for Tyler for million. Except for Tyler. Yeah. Yeah. If you in tune with your manhood, you shouldn't be worrying about it. You know, if you ain't letting nobody get under your dress. Was ever a point, was ever a point where you felt like the industry would boxed you in and they just wanted you to be the, the funny guy and didn't give you like, I guess room to grow as a actor? Yeah, I, 'cause I haven't been offered a lot of dramatic roles.


You know, the closest I, I had to, I got a dramatic role was I had to do it myself. Was thin line between 11 and eight mm. So that was the closest. And then I, I wind up recently, about two years ago I did a movie called Mind Engage that was total drama, no comedy and everything else. So I did about two. Now they also talk about Blue Streak, the sequel. Yes. You guys are shooting that? We Working on it. You working on it, right? We are writing it. Does it Leave off in Mexico or, or have you figured that out as of Yet? No, we haven't figured it out yet. Yeah. But if they come get me from Mexico to, you know, 'cause I had the Diamond, so I'm living high off the hog, you know, so we'll see what happens.


It Gotta be a crazy soundtrack too, like the first one. Oh yeah. How do you choose what to do a sequel to? 'cause Blue streak was good, but I, to me I'm like y I'd rather see life part two. Like, I like to, that's another one. I like to see how y'all was when y'all got out. Everybody, Everybody wants to see Life part two. But you gotta remember me and Eddie were, we were what, 90 by the time we Got out five years old. But no, it can be a period piece. So it can be based on when y'all first got out, when y'all first broke out, what did Ray and Claude do? What was their life like when they first broke us? Well, We went to the baseball game. Yep. Remember that? That's all we saw, right? No, y'all got some, you know what I'm saying? Where's that at? Getting introduced to Viagra. So, you know, No too much. They might not have made it through the experience, lived it on, They want you to die with the Viagra.


Like it could end right when y'all broke out. Right? Well, if somebody puts it together, man. Hey, I, I told her, I talked to Eddie about it and Eddie say, Hey man, if, if somebody could make it make sense, hey, we'll we'll do it again. Do You, do you get, I don't wanna say frustrated, but like having to convince people in Hollywood, like you Martin Lawrence, you know what I'm saying? Like having to sit down and pitch things or Yeah. Like Yeah. That's frustrating. Yeah. That's frustrating. But it's part of the business, you know? And, and it's hit, hit hit or miss, you know. But I have a strong faith in, in God and he's my agent. It's crazy to me that you still have to pitch thing. Just hearing that.


It's like, wow. What about a, a Martin reunion? Like a, I know you guys did the reunion, but like people wanted to see like actual episodes. Like maybe, you know how Sex in the City they got back together, they did episodes and then they had a movie. Like is there anything on screen from you guys that were gonna ever see Yeah. From the Martin show? From the Ma Martin Cash? Yes. No. Nah, Tommy Ford was a big part of, of what we did. And him not being there, it's not the same. Got you. We we called Lightning in the Bottle. Mm. That, that won't happen again. Did you typecast yourself with Martin meaning like being at the character name with Martin and they saw how you, you acted on the show. They expect you to be like that in everyday life?


Yes. All the Time. Yes. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because every time I've been around you you seem like you very reserved, laid back. Yeah. I'm nothing like De Martin on tv. Exactly. Wow. Thought you thought people do ask me that. Are you like De Martin on TV Sometime I tell 'em hell yeah, I'll throw your ass out. You know, And I think that's a lot, like, a lot of times people see when they think something's wrong, but I'm like, number one, he's older than number two. How did we ever know that was who, who told us that was him, right? Yeah. Nah, that was my energy. That was me just projecting, just being big. Just, you know, giving you a bigger version of Martin and you know, just, just having fun. Just having fun. But I'm not like that in real life.


I'm I'm, that's my job. You don't, you don't want to be on all the time. That gets annoying. People don't take you serious. And is that the reason you had to whip ass because people, They come back and play with you back to whipping ass. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And what the, y'all know what it is to you got a lot of different comedians on there. You got Jess, Hilarious, of course. Adele, GIS, b Simone, Chico Bean, DC Young Fly Dion, Cole. Just to name a few. How do you pick who you want to be on the road with? 'cause that's such an honor for a comedian to be on the road with Martin Lawrence. 'cause they fire, they fire man. They're so talented. They're the next ones, you know, the next comedy stars, you know, for me to just have a, a little piece of helping them out, getting them some exposure or whatever.


You know, I'm honored to do that. That's what I'm supposed to do, you know, in my position. And so I love it And I love working with 'em. Well call it one oh five right now. If you wanna sit in the front row. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You have to be in New York. We ain't flying you, we ain't paying for a bus ticket. We just got your tickets. If you in New York or you can make it to New York. Call it one oh five right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You going to be at the barlay tonight. So you'll get those tickets tonight. Saturday. He's gonna be in Atlantic City. Atlantic City. February 8th. Houston, Valentine's Day. He's gonna be in your neck of the woods. South Carolina, Greenville. No, that's not my neck of the woods. Oh, I Just see South Carolina. I just Thought it was the low country. Oh my, the same it stink.


Said your all country in February 15th, Charlotte, North Carolina. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Always, man. Thank y'all For having me, man. I'm glad I came in, man. It's been a minute. Thank you. That's what it Is. It's Martin Lawrence. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the dj nv, just Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about men. What do you call frontals? MTELs. Okay, ALS. So when Men get frontals, I call them MTELs. Okay. Yeah. It just takes away, it just takes the, the femininity out of frontal. Okay. All. So I got a mole on, you know what Emini here then it sounds better when you say, I got a mole, A mono.


Okay. Male frontal can be an nudity scene too. I just found that out the hard way when I googled it. I Googled celebrities with male frontals. Mm. And it said 41 male, 41 male celebrity male frontal scenes. It was all penises. Just wanna throw that out there. So be careful when you type this in. I can't wait. The human resources checks that computer and they Bad penises crazy. They've seen way worse over the last 15 years. You're right. Touche. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How do you women feel about men wearing hair pieces? Now this comes from Rocco. If you haven't seen salute to Rocco. Rocco has a mugshot. And in that mugshot, he, the middle's missing. Rocco is a black man with a receipting. The headline who decided to go bald? And I'm riding with you, bro. Okay.


Justice for Rocco, he needs to sue the police department. Okay. All Right. I'm not, that Was cruel and unusual punishment. Just last, nothing that, that's not right. So, so how, how would you feel if your man had a mental frontal hairpiece glued on? You know what, Emini here, I wouldn't like that. I, I I wouldn't, like I don't have a problem with men doing that. Emini here. It, it is not fair to be like, you know, when women balding y'all go get frontals and you know what I'm saying? But if, if, if you a dude, you can't do nothing about it. Nah, I don't think that's fair. No, you can go ahead and do that. You just can't be.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing. Next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bos premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush Isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Ah man, you come in the house and you know we both in the mirror taking it off. Yeah, taking it off that got the little heads. Pin it on, put it on the head. Dominican tint not you know the Nah, we not, we can't do that. Hmm? We can't do that together. Rocco shouldn't have had to take his headpiece off for a mugshot. Okay. How do we know he took it off? He probably didn't take Off. That is true. And then I don't look too bothered in the, you know, He did look bothered. He, this is when Amanda ain't nobody got that posture like that. He did like this couldn't head up so we can't see. And they was like, no, tilt your head. He was fighting til he like, damn man, I gotta head and he tilted the head and then we had to see that. You know what I'm saying? Oh. I personally think that he, they made him take the headpiece off.


They don't make women do that when they wear wigs when you at the airport. Damn. God damn. Jesus should showing us a picture. He should have said that was a medical condition. 'cause it looks like one. Okay. No it don't. Yes it do man. Man. Honestly it do. Like I said, it just looked like a, like his head is like deformed. That's what it looked like. Yes man. That's not right man. Justice Rocco. And I think it's disgusting that we live in a world where a man has to even wear a headpiece. Okay? Think about how free George Jefferson used to be. You right. Bald in the top hair on the side. Look at that Rocco look cleaning that picture. And he Look 20 years younger. 20. That's right. Okay. Homie the clown. Bald in the top, hair on the sides. It used to be a time where men could proudly rock that look. Not nowadays because of judgemental people like Justin Lar.


I'm not Rocco, I'm not. He already, he home and there's no more justice he can get. Yo. That's it. Yeah. That Mugshot should not be all over the internet man. And he shouldn't have committed the crimes. If he would've never committed a crime, we would've never known. We just, What was the crime by the way? What was the crime? I I don't Be in the public without a hat on. Lock him up. If he was in the public without a hat on, then he gotta go to jail. But Thank God they didn't do the side picture too. 'cause usually they do the front and then the side. I didn't Know they did it because that would've Been released by now. And it's not just, it's not just Rocco. There's a Spanish artist. What's the name of the Spanish Artist? Justice Rocco. Awell. A knewwell. Remember he was performing? Yeah. In the blue off. In The blue off. So yeah, justice Rocco man. That ain't right man. Let's, let's Go to the phone lines. We got Venus on the line.


Venus, good morning. Good Morning. Would you mind if your man had a hairpiece? No. As long as it looked good and it didn't look like a wig, You'd be fine with it. Do Whatever. Yeah, whatever. It except that hand fine. I guess. Now what about if night, at night when you gotta take it off and you gotta put it on the mannequin next to your wig? No, Now see that's free. I would probably tease him though if he wasn't super system about it. See you, you call, you tease him. You call him from that eight, four three. You know damn well you don't want no man with no headpiece. Yeah man. If he had, he can't take it off now. He can't take it off. That ain't cool. What he gonna have to take it off? You take your wigs off. Nah, that's the, nah, no, no, no, no. That's the difference between Not a girl.


Hey, Hey, hey baby, listen. But Charlaine, they do make you take your off when you go to jail females, but they make you take your weight off. Well Rocco should have said he had a soul in man because that, there's no need for that thing to come off any anytime. But ladies, if you dating a guy with a headpiece, how do y'all go on vacation? Can he swim With it? Nah. Hell no. Well it depends on the type. There's different types of glues. There's different levels because you Go to, than your hair be floating It. No, it is different levels of glue. You gotta get arrogant Tay to do your mental. Your mental. That's it. That's it. Just, just asking. Amber. Hello Amber. Hi, this is Amber in Ville, North Carolina.


Good morning. We're talking about men. Would you date a man with a hairpiece? Absolutely. Why Emini here? To be fair, I wear wigs all the time. So you don't mind it. Health Conditions? Nope. Uhuh. What's, what's the health condition? Alopecia. Alopecia. Oh, you got cancer. See that's what I see. That's what I'm saying. Rocco should have said it was a medical condition or something. Something. And this piece cannot come off. That's what he should have said. Man. If he, if he said that to me And I was the guard, I'd be like already know. No, I would've said Emini here. Damn. See I don't like to play like that either though. God Damn. I would play that one. I don Why? Huh? Why you can't play like that? No, because I would, I don't wanna be like, I got cancer. You know what I'm saying? Like I Would've went that far. I would've said alopecia.


CIA's. Yeah. Say alopecia cia. People always lie about That. I don't know if people care about alopecia like that. Alopecia don't hit hard. It cancel. You know what I'm, but I, but I wouldn't wanna play like that. You with saying I got When you put Survivor on it and it's different like yo, I'm an alopecia survivor. Didn't that make you, Yo, I hate y'all. 805 hit 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, would you date a man with a handpiece? Now Crystal, I tried to click on you Crystal and you hung up. Call back now Crystal. She says she actually does hair units for men in Detroit. Call back. Oh yeah, she does. For in Detroit. I would love to know how much it caused. What's the procedure in Glue? I would love to know. This nigga Said a procedure. It is an install. Yo. It's not Procedure, it's not install. Like You, you installed it like we get our wig units installed.


You if, if you are a man and you taking that route, you gotta get your mental installed. Installed. Sounds crazy. It comes in a box procedure. You argue crazier. Argue. You gonna argue with the people who get it done all the time. You right It done all the time. First of all. Now I lefts. Emini here. Y'all said I left the Mus alone a long time ago. Oh my God. Hey yo. I been out Being you ain't never beaten the allegations. You get Mun, You get MUS (800) 585-1051. Call us up Now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey yo. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. We have Pastor Jamal Bryant.


Welcome brother. Thank you sir. Good to be with Y'all. How you feeling this morning? Feel great. Let's talk about this. The 40 day fast of Target. Yes. And this is something that you're trying to put into play and why I'm not trying. You are putting into play. Why? No, we, yeah. So people are asking why did we pick Target when Walmart out order McDonald's is out order. John Deere's outta order. Bank of America's Outta order Amazon. Amazon is how to order is we wanted to go. The African Proverbs says, if you want to eat an elephant, do one piece at a time. So we picked Target first for several reasons. Number one, target is headquartered in the same city.


George Floyd was killed when George Floyd was killed. Target came out, made an announcement that they're gonna invest $2 billion in the black business. 2 billion drum roll. And it starts December of 2025. When Trump made the announcement January of 2025. They dishonored that commitment. So we wanted to hold them accountable because when they made the pleasure had nothing to do with DEI. Secondly, I am embarrassed Breakfast Club to say to you, Negro spend $12 million a day in Target. Mm. And I don't know any black business that amassed that much money in any singular day, Say 12 million a Day, a day.


Number three, target is on 27 college campuses and not one HBCU. Number four, outside of the federal government, target is the largest employer of black people. There are 400,000 black people on payroll and don't honor us. So if we're given that kind of money, that much human capital and to not honor us, I think is dismally disrespected. And because they're publicly traded, we wanted to see what will happen in their, in those 40 days that shows the data. This is the impact when black people walk away and to share it with those share crops.


So it will not just be 40 days, but every movement has to have a benchmark. It's gotta have a strategy and you gotta have some data. What do you say? Why are you calling it a fast and not a boycott? Yeah, I called it a fast because this was a call to the black church to become active. Something happened silently that scholars and historians are gonna have to pay attention to the rise of Black Lives Matter. Charlemagne was the very first movement of civil rights for black people that was not birthed out at the church. Mm. The very first civil rights movement that happened that didn't have a religious leader at the front.


And so the black church is going backwards. Mm. This is the largest demographic of black people since we've been in America, who don't go to church at all, who don't subscribe to organized religion. We're at 28%, the largest amount of black people who self-identify as atheists who said they don't believe in God, don't believe in nothing. So this was a call specifically for black Christians to show the younger generation, our head is not in the sand. We're a part of it, but we are aligning it with prayer that those 40 days is a high holy season for the Christian community.


We're praying because this is a spiritual warfare that we're under with JD Vance and Donald Trump. With all of the things that are happening with petitions are important, but if we don't bring a spiritual grounding to it, I think that we're gonna miss, during the Montgomery Bus boycott that last 381 days, what nobody talks about is for 381 days every night they went back to the church for prayer. So I think that in the movement, you've gotta have a faith entity intertwined in it in order for you to move forward. What do You say to some of the people that have black products in Target? Yes. That they say that, you know, because of this boycott, if a boycott happens and people are stopping to go to Target, that it's gonna affect their products even more.


I know we had the co-founders of Rucker Roots on The Breakfast Club. We had the founder of the Lip Bar. Yeah. And they was saying that if people don't come into the store, which Target is their hugest manufacturer. Yeah. They hugest buyer. So what happens to those Products? Number one, the Lip bar and all of those entities understand a new thing out called Dropship. You don't have to go in a physical store to, to help them because of that. In foresight, we partner with the US Black Chamber of Commerce. So every person that goes to Target fast.org, within an hour, I send you a digital directory. A 300,000 black businesses across the country.


So we don't want those businesses to be adversely impacted. We want people to support them, but do it online. I can support the Lit Bar and not go into Target to do it. I can go online to do it. And so I think that as innovative and creative people as black people are, let's do it online. We do everything else online. So let's support 'em and the 1000 black vendors who are placed in Target, we're gonna prominently place on the website so that you'll be able to find them quickly without any pause. Two things to what you're saying. So the first thing when they were up here, they talked about the inventory and just how much money they have to put ahead to be in these stores that comes outta their own pocket.


Yes. That they will lose out on if people do not, if they're not supporting these like companies or whatever. Yes. So even if you're buying it from their website, because they're already in contract for this amount of inventory with AOT it to Target, they lose out. They don't profit on that now. Yeah. Well that money has already been spent. A, A movement comes with Inconvenience. It came a a, that same argument happened in the Montgomery Bus boycott. The question was asked, what do we do for the bus mechanics who were all black? So what they did is they pulled all of those bus mechanics out of Montgomery and set up garages at the churches. What nobody is talking about is four mechanic shops came out of it.


So I understand that it's an inconvenience. I know we gotta go a different route, but I would then say, let's up the ante. It's a business principle. Let's buy more to cover. What is that? Loss companies take losses all the time, but a group of misguided preachers went into Target in Detroit and said, let's just buy black inventory and come out. You're still supporting Target. So I think that we've gotta common a way. Even if we gotta raise the price in order to make the balance, let's do it. One of the things that black people do wrong, whenever it is we're supporting black business, we always want a discount. Let's pay full price and support 'em. Let's not just do it with lip service, but let's do it through the investment.


We Have more with Pastor Jamal Bryant when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ NB Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is here with us this morning and we're still kicking it with Pastor Jamal Bryant. Lauren, The women from Rucker Roots I own Jameson. And Ellen Sellers talked about how even in Walmart's, majority of their clientele that they make a large amount of their money off of on those products. They don't have the access to the.com. So being able to walk into like it's just, it's just different in some of the lower area rural areas. Yes. So being able to walk into a Walmart or a Target helps them as far as inventory and creates access for those people. What about that? Well, yeah, I, I think that we've gotta ask ourselves what is the principle and is the principle more important than the prophet?


You've got a whole lot of churches who have space that is underutilized and underused. The fact that in 2025, we don't have a minority owned retail space to direct people on says that we gotta reevaluate how we do business. So going into Target to buy whatever this product is to say, Hey, forget that they don't honor us. Forget that they've disrespected the George Floyd family. Forget that they are only allowing black people on entry level positions. Let's do it for lipstick. I think that we're losing the larger conversation. I wanna see the sisters win. I wanna see them do overwhelmingly well.


But I think that we gotta get into a room and figure out how do we make it more accessible for those in rural areas. I don't think that the answer is to sh keep shooting ourselves in the foot and then ask for a cast. But will we ever get there, pastor? Like, you know, I, we want to get there, right? Yeah. Will we ever own our own Target slash Walmart? Will we ever own our own car manufacturer? Will we ever own our own so we can rely on it? It just seems like we're far stretched From that. Yeah. So one of the things that we're asking for Target to do, and for all of the demands that we're asking of Target, please go to Target fast.org. I'm asking Target to partner with 10 HBCUs to show our businesses how to scale up and to go into the retail space.


Reverend Sharpton is one of my mentors, but in the history of black people, we have never marched black people into a white business to say, spend money here. So we gotta figure out how it is that we really reroute and redirect so that we can create an ecosystem for us to be able to do it. I think that is possible, but there's a plan that has to be afoot in order to make it done. I saw you say that Target has been trying to reach out To you. Yes. But You, you, I don't wanna talk to no diversity. No, Obviously don't. You may not have a job next week. You reached out during Black History Month. I don't know if you're gonna make it to St. Patrick's Day. So I, I need somebody who got some job security and got some influence to make a decision.


I think this generation don't want symbolic wins. They want substantive strides. That's right. And if you just doing there to say, we met, we talked, all the street credibility is gone. Right. I need somebody who can make a decision. And you gotta ask envy what's in the mind of A CEO that can lose $12 million a day and say I'm not me. So The person that reached out to you felt had no influence. Yeah. Not enough influence. Got you. Yeah. So you gonna send the black people out to talk to the black guy, black guy, Go talk to the black guy. We'll see what Your people settle them down. Got you. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. I need to talk to the CEO or I need to talk to somebody who was on that board of Target or who can really help me understand where you are.


And if you all are being punked by JD Vance and Trump, tell me that and let's figure out how we can walk alongside each other. Well we know That's what it is. Yeah, that's What it is. Tell me that. Yeah, yeah. When you, so I know that in talking about meeting, eventually y'all wanna have a conversation or there is something scheduled, right? You guys will be meeting June 12th in Minneapolis. That's when their stockholders meeting Is. Oh, their shareholders meeting. Okay. Yes. Yeah. So we, we are planning on going there. I'm hoping that we have resolved by then. That's what I was getting to. Yes. Can't, we can't wait till June. But June 12th and they now is an underground murmur that they don't even wanna do an in-person shareholder meeting. They wanna do it by Zoom because They don't want you guys to show up. Yeah, Okay.


Yes. But that's why it's important for you to have the data to show how this has been impacted, how much money you've lo lost in the stock and what is at stake. So we wanted to take, take all of that to the shareholders meeting June 12th. My last question for you, where are you at now numbers wise? 'cause I know you were looking to get a hundred thousand people by Wes this Wednesday the fifth when it starts and you are at second. We are 110,000 people. Hundred percent. Got you. Have come. And we did it before we ever got to The Breakfast Club. So now y'all, we got to get to one 50. We gotta, we gotta get to one 50 because numbers is power. It was important for me to have tangible evidence of how many people are standing behind us.


That is not just a post, it is not just likes and shakers, but a hundred thousand people. I can press a button. It's send email to say, Hey, we outside in Target. Hey we in Cincinnati. So that the people at Target know that we mean business. That is not just symbolism, but there's substance behind it. Well, how can People get behind you? Go to Target fast.org is just one word there. You'll see what is our list of demands when it is that you sign up for Target Fast. I'm gonna send you a digital directory to those 300,000 businesses. And even for those of you who don't go to church or watch online, I'm gonna send you a daily prayer devotional so that you can stay focused, no pun intended.


So you can stay on target for what it is that we trying to get done. Alright, well we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Again, Jamal target fast.org and thank you so much brother Man. Thank you. And when y'all come to Atlanta, I'm coming through. Okay. I ain't even got a ticket. I'm coming. Oh, you celebrate Soon. Well, yeah, he came. Pastor Jamal has popped up through my Black Effect podcast festival. I'm coming this year. I Wanna come to New Birth man. You gotta come. I wanna come one Sunday and check it out. Yeah, you gotta come. Absolutely. There's room at the cross. Thank. Hey, let me say this to you. Okay, I'm from Baltimore. Do you know the first place I ever had crabs? Charleston, South Carolina. Monk's Corner. Monk's Corner. Okay. Monk's Corner. A ME Church right there. There. Captain Jameson, Blake, James, Blake. This back in the eighties. All right. Okay. It was the first place I ever had crab.


My family was from Georgetown, South Carolina. Okay. So we used to come down there every summer. But Baltimore, the first time You had crabs and you from Baltimore, Was they better than Baltimore? They cooking them with a beer. Never. Let's not go too far up. I was just doing trauma bonding with No, no. Baltimore, the cra. My crab ain't no trauma. It's trauma that I had to do it in South Carolina before I had. And South Carolina's amazing. 50 free. It's amazing. It's great. Just not as good as Baltimore, but it's good. Thank y'all. Pastor Jamal Bryant. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Say the gang donkey utter shape. You are a donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. Donkey of the Day does not discriminate.


I might not have the song of today. I got the Donkey day. So if you ever feel I need to be a donkey with The Breakfast Club bitches. Who's donkey today? Today Donkey Today works for a donkey man by Kevin. Kevin is 46 years old just like I am. But I clearly make better choices than Kevin. You know how sometimes people say, oh, you think you better than me? The answer is yes. Yes I do. Because I make better choices. Not judging you for anything you got going on, but you ask me a question. Oh, you think you better than me? Yes. Hell yes. Because I understand the strongest principle of growth lies in human choice. And I make better choices than you. And if you are currently enjoying this thing called freedom, well you make better choices than Kevin as well because he's in jail currently facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95 this past Monday morning.


Now I know some of y'all right now are either at or the way to jobs where you think you can't stand your coworker. You believe you hate this coworker with all your heart and you just might. Okay. Just be better than Kevin. Okay? And the way you continue to be better than Kevin is simply by making the choice not to shoot your coworker. Let's go to W-B-A-L-T-V for the report please. Bond Denied for 46-year-old Kevin Gross. He's facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95. Early Monday morning. According to charging documents, the victim called 9 1 1 when state police arrived, they found him walking along the shoulder of 95 with seven gunshot wounds to the arm and torso.


Court documents show he told police he was on his way into work and got a flat tire. So he pulled over on the shoulder of 95 just north of the Howard County line. When he got out to inspect the tire, his coworker Kevin Gross, pulled up behind him and got out wearing a mask, covering his mouth, quote Gross. Told him he must have hit a pothole or something. But upon inspecting the tire, the victim could see the tire had been slashed. Gross then produced a firearm and began firing numerous shots, charging documents reveal the two. Were assistant managers at Planet Aid in Elkridge. Gross had recently been demoted and the victim told police gross thought he had something to do with that demotion.


Kevin, You got the right last name because this was gross. What a diabolical plan. The victim was on his way to work and got a flat tire. He thought he hit a pothole, but his tires had been slashed. Ooh. I wonder who slashed him. And then when he got out there, inspect the tire, Kevin pulled up behind him with a mask and shot him several times. All because he thought his coworker got him demoted. Both of them were assistant managers at Planet Aid. Now y'all know what Planet Aid is, right? No, no. Yeah, they, they they, the organizations that collect the clothing donations, they got the yellow bins all over the place. Oh, okay. Where you can put the clothes and shoes in? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They accept clothing donations in 1700 locations. Oh nice. Okay. And the Elkridge warehouse, you know where Elkridge is, right? Yep. Yes. They collect 15.5 million pounds of used clothes and shoes annually.


Well, clearly Kevin wasn't there for the cause. So I needed to know what are the perks of being an assistant manager at Planet Aid. So I asked Chad GPT, how much does an assistant manager at Planet Aid make? I don't know if this is a hundred percent correct, but it says the average salary for a manager at Planet Aid might earn between 50,000 and 60,000 annually. Now I need y'all to always keep in mind that my education is limited to a high school degree from night school. Okay? Drop on a clues bump from Berkeley High School, alright? South Carolina. But if it's, one thing I understand is prison math and by prison math Emini here, when you have to calculate in your mind whether or not the choice you make is gonna be worth you going to prison. Okay? Now let's do the prison math. All right? I'm making 50, 60 grand a year in Baltimore as a 46-year-old man, I don't know about y'all, but if I can afford to put some food on my table and have a roof over my head, I'm gonna be happy.


Okay? Success is subjective. And if you are a free man, 46 years old, you can come and go as you please. You got a job you maintaining, that's a good life. If you don't think it's a good life, go to a prison right now and talk to these brothers doing 15, doing 20, doing 25, some of 'em doing forever. And ask them, would they trade lives with the free man making 50 to 60 grand as an assistant manager at Planet Aid? Hell, even if he got demoted, okay? Even if he got demoted, the warehouse lead role at Planet Aid earns about 27 39 per hour according to chat GPT. That's almost 57 grand a year if you working 40 hours a week. All I'm saying is no matter how much I calculate this prison math, okay, I've done addition, subtraction, multiplication, division.


I tried to figure this out multiple ways. And guess what? It just don't compute, okay? It just doesn't add up. The victim is in critical condition. He got seven times, he got shot seven times. Kevin Gross is charged with attempted first degree murder in Maryland. That's life in prison, first and second degree assault. Kevin Gross is also charged with first degree assault is 25 years in Maryland. Second degree assault is 10 years in Maryland. And he got other related charges. Moral of the story is Kevin is spending the rest of his natural born life in prison. Therefore the prison math ain't adding up. It's just not worth it. You have to calculate it in your head. You got demoted. You don't even know if this person you shot had anything to do with it.


But even if they did, as soon as you started formulating this plan in your head, just think about it. I'm gonna cut his tires, I'm gonna shoot him a bunch of times. At some point your brain has to say, no, no, no, no, no. This prison math ain't math. This is not a situation that's worth having to eat jail food for the rest of your life or having an inmate treat your bke like a bowl of cereal. So please let Remy ma give Kevin Gross the biggest Heehaw Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you Dumb? You got demoted. Take the L. How do you get demoted from like a Salvation Army place? No, that's what a goodwill place.


And What could you do wrong? Yeah, I don't know. But he didn't even ask no questions. He just assumed it was this other, this other person and shot him seven times. Now he gonna spend the rest of his life in prison for that. Don't add up. We don't need to play a game. Huh? And and you also Emini here we can if you want to. What? You wanna play a game? He from Baltimore, please. Come on now. There's no white people in Baltimore. Yeah. White, Asian, Baltimore, Baltimore, come on Now. No Latinos in Baltimore. No, but something that petty like that. Like, like she got A point, she got A point a clothing store then it's not even like a, in a like a regular clothing store. It's Plant eight. Yeah. Like, nah, he black.


Always Do prison math though. Whenever you about to make a choice that you think gonna get you in some type of trouble, especially if it's involving any type of crime, just, just, just calculate it in your head. Is this worth the time you going to get? What's that situation? That's Sad. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Doggy today is brought to you by the Law office of Michael s LAIs Soft. It's a good time to get serious about your health. My name is Charlamagne De God And I partnered with Dr. Puma and Soaring Medical to help make sure you are taking heart Health seriously. I put my mind at ease by getting the three minutes Soaring Heart scan. It was quick, easy and affordable. Plus hey morning Everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Who? We got pretty V my name. What's up V Hey you guys. New book, the Pretty Victory 100 Day Guide to Recenter Yourself and Find Your Purpose. It's out right now. How you feeling? I feel so good. I feel Blessed Black and just, you know, obsessed with this book now. You know, I'm just excited for this journey. Like it came from a text message via social media posting and now just having my own book. Like it's just, it's amazing feeling for sure. It makes sense for you to have a devotional, a book for affirmations. 'cause all you do is send us devotional and affirmations. I know every day. I know. Yes, I know. So it makes sense.


Yeah. So it's completely on brand for you on brand. Yeah. And you know what I love about it? 'cause we just going jump straight into it. It 'cause my cysts got other press. Hello. So you know what I love about it is you had said how to use this book. You said it took you a hundred days to start thinking new and doing new things. Yeah. What are some of the things that you felt like you had to work on in those a hundred days? What were the the hardest things that you had to overcome? Well, Just not entertaining social media. Hmm. That was one of it. Like I Was so it was like a fast, yeah, I was like literally in my closet writing this. Like, I literally was just like, I was giving snippets on social media. Yeah. I was like, like I, I, I watched TD Jake. So when I seen TD Jake's sermon, he's like, stand on What? You know.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man these are my people. The ones who turned the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up. There's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


And for me, I'm a mind person. You know me, I'd be all in my head. Overthinking things. Yeah, but it's, it was more of like, okay, let's separate from what I know that I'm familiar with doing the skits on the table, entertaining, checking the social media, checking the DMS engagements to like, girl, you just have this book deal and you need to get to it. So I was really in my closet. I had to separate, just sacrifice the social media, take that away for a little bit and get locked in my closet and just start writing. Hmm. And I was just throwing little snippets on social media to see how people was gonna react. And it just became a book. And I just had to literally write, write, write each day. You know, shout out to Nikki, shout out to Frankie. Like just for helping me. 'cause I still wanted to add like the comedic side and you know, wanted to, you know, Charlemagne like yourself, asking y'all quotes.


Like what makes your guys with tour? Trying to put it all together, not just be your typical devotional. 'cause everyone is not religious and everyone doesn't understand, you know, I spirituality. Yeah. So, And I believe in Jesus Christ. So, you know, I didn't want to dumb that down either. I needed to throw him in there. Yeah. But it's for everyone. It's unisex book, it's for the, it's for the women as well. And I just wanted to really like tap into the other side outside of being funny. For sure. It's so much. Why this for your first book though? Because Davana is a person that wears many hat shoes. You are not just funny. You do so many other things. Yeah. Why not? A memoir is memo, right? For the first book. Yeah. A memoir like you said. Why, why Book? Yeah. And I, no, No, not, not even all, well not even a memoir are like you layers of who you are.


'cause a lot of people don't know you are Devon xl. Yeah. That who you say who you are in the book. I ain't trying to spoil it. Yeah, you do. But you do say in the book, I'm gonna save who I am for the next book. Yeah. Okay. Why is that not the first one? I just, for me, I just feel like I just have so much work to do. Yeah. Like, that's not even there yet. Like I just need to like do some so much more. I'm just not there yet. And I feel like let's put something out where the people could appreciate, you know? And I was like, this devotion, if someone told me I had an interview, they were like, okay, well we just, we like the funny beat. Like this is just, the book is so serious, da da. I was like, girl, you haven't even got the book. Hmm. The book. Not even I, right. Like, you know, like, I want to give you guys a part of me and if this is what I have to do, I'm gonna be still, I remember when I had, we had Covid And I reached out to Char And I was like, oh, Charlotte, I'm overthinking.


We ain't, ain't gotta work. Charlotte said to be still, I hated when Charlotte told me that. I was like, be still, I hate the word still because I get to think, I get to be in my head. But that's one of the things that's, to answer your question in the beginning, like, I had to be still. And I hated it because I was like, this has to be written and the only person that's gonna write it is me and whoever else we hired to help me put it all together. So Emini here, I just wanted to put a devotional out because I was like, it's just necessary. Like you said, it's on brand. And I just want people to hear my story. Everything that I've been through, you know, delay is never denial. I talk, you know, I talk about Hollywood in here, just don't change, you know, and just keep going. And you know, don't be afraid to walk alone. The relationships. I have friendships and people I've, you know, dated, like how you just don't have to walk alone in your pain.


You need to, God will send help. He was an angels. I talked about in the beginning when I was so hungry in college, I had no money. I had no food. And Mr. Daniel shout out to, you know, St. Augustine University, hello, North Carolina. He helped me, gave me $50 and laid on his heart. God said, you didn't eat. And here's, here's money. I just talk about all the, the prophetic ness. Yeah. Like, that's in here. That brought me to this day. So I just hope it, I know it's gonna help a soul. You feel me? The mission is, I don't look at the numbers. I look at like, who am I touching in this season? And if that's what it is, we gonna rock out. Yeah. I wanted to ask you, now, your mother's a pastor, correct? Yes. She's, she instill a lot of this into you. So, so talk about growing up with your mother, being a pastor and, and you still doing the, the funny skits and the outland skits and, but you still are so close to your, your faith.


Yeah, My mom, like again, her mission is to do what she has to do Emini thing, but in ministry. But it's the thing, we are doing ministry, okay, we're healing. Laughter is healing, you know, outside of what we do is a gift. You know, what just does on stage. I can't do what she do that's up there. 15 minutes, 20 minutes, 45. I'm over here. Like, can we do some magic tricks on there? But that's what you need. Yo, can we do, I wanna do some magic tricks. Y'all, y'all wanna see it. Like, that's me. You Know, like be Like, can come on now. Like, lemme put the pink road back on. Like, that's just like, I, I commend them for being in their purpose and walking in their purpose and being the legend that she is.


Me on the other hand, I'm like, I'm gonna jump on some tables. I'm going be some, I'm gonna be a personality, these characters that I have, and there's no judging, like just walking your gift and when God steers you some other way, go do that too. But right now, in this season, I'm, I'm just doing both. I'm balancing it all. Emini here. People may take it serious, may not, you know, and some people, you know, may not take it, it serious. Like, okay, should we trust in this character that has been doing this stuff for years now she's writing a book. I don't believe it. So that's why it's in everybody face. I'm posting every day about it. I ain't on the table right now. I'm gonna just let y'all see what's going on because respect this avenue. You know, I've, we, we, we are doing a lot, but respect this calling until I decide to say, all right, we, it's been five months now.


Let me get back to what I'm doing and still carry with it because it's my brand, you know. But my mom, she loves me. She doesn't judge. She's like, if this is what you're doing, just don't do nothing that's gonna take you away from God. Gotcha. That's it. That's all. She not that type of mother for sure. And And you, you, you sold out your first show last year when you did Charron On Y Charron, ch bike yard. That was very Different. You was in Atlanta at the, where was you at? What was the name of the building? Center stage. Center stage. Yeah, we was there. Yeah. And you sold that out. Hurry, She ain't never stage. She don't sell out on y'all. Yes. And we gonna, and that's the thing that we put her on the road too. You like, you know, we, we at more characters, I was actually scared about her. She's Gonna put her on the road. Like it's not her. Right. She gonna put her on the road. That's how she got talked about. We Put, we gonna put Sharon on the road, you know, this year. So I'm excited about that.


I was just trying to just make, get this book going. But Sharon deserves a stage, like more people to see her in New York. For sure. This is the, the pick of al Jamaican people. So I wanna bring her out here. But yeah, I wasn't afraid. My mom came up, she seen me whining, she seen me talk about people. She seen me up there carrying on. So yeah, we just wanna walk into that. You Know what's interesting about that? You talked about Jess and her gift of being able to do standup. Like, you know, stage plays have been around forever. You know what Emini here, there's people that have made multimillions of dollars off stage plays. Of course we know the Tyler Perry's, the David Talbert, I think. Yes. David Bert. Mm. I think. Okay. Yeah. But, but, but that's a lane that a lot of people, especially your generation aren't in. You could easily be producing stage for You.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And everyone tells me that. They're like, I just gotta text. I think it shout out Tory Lay. I know you, you feel me? Shout out Free Story Lane. Story Lane. Like literally he, he dmd me the other day and was just like, yo, you could be producing plays. Like you're just, And I be like, how you know? You know, but you like, yo you feel me? Like Megan Stallion just unfollowed you too, man. Well, she wasn't following me in from the gym. Okay. Yeah. She Was follow Me from the jump Baldy. She, she wasn't following me, but I love Meg and you know, I love Meg, but I'm just telling you what he told me. Right, right, right. You know, shout out to him like, hey, like, I think you should do that. And of course Charlotte told me too, I brought the idea to him like, yo, I wanna do this.


I wanna do these plays. You know, I want to get my characters involved. But my thing is, is like I, I sent him out the devotion. I said, look, thank you so much for that advice, but we going, we act on it. We gonna act on it. But I just, I just wanna make sure everything is right. And someone told me just do it. I think I'd just be scared of people just like, are y'all gonna show, like y'all gonna come out and support me? Yeah. And that's how I was at Sharon. I was like, y'all gonna buy a ticket. Like, you know what it is. And I was so nervous that day. But You know, f and fa can't coexist now. I Know. I know. I know. So that's why I just, I, I I went at it and just did it. All right. We got more with pretty V when we come back. Don't Move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Pretty v Jess Now with all of the long list of everything that you've been doing.


Yes. You also received your honorary doctor degree. Yes. And for humanitarianism. Yes. I say that word right. Humanitarianism last year. Yeah. They was on your ass for It too. Jess said it should be a certificate YI was like, Jess a certificate. I knew it was coming. I know that. I knew it. A certificate. Si. See Now did that. Now I know you are proud of that. I'm extremely proud of you because you went to college in real life anyway. You got, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. But not taking anything away from your honorary doctor degree. Yeah. But did that moment when people were coming for you or you know, the backlash that you received from it, did that take away from like the enjoyment? Did that take away from, you know, the fact that it was a victory for you? That was still a victory Yeah.


That you received? It did. But it didn't. Okay. Right, because like I said, I wasn't the only one who received it. My mother received it that day. My brother received it that day. And I feel like there was, there's a process. It wasn't like, yo, what up? Can we honor you? You gonna get your doctors? No, I had to like, fill the whole moment out. I had to get in this class and, and do put work essay, put work. I had to just do the whole thing before I got it. So I think it was that, that moment dragged out for the longest. I was like, why are we still talking about the doctors? I ain't never tell y'all I was getting a white coat. Like, I never tell you I was In Split. I didn't say Charlotte, come to the graduation and just be here at five and, and be bring your wife and kids. Like, I didn't say that. I said like, I don't think you got that many tickets.


I got six kids. I was gonna say, I know Were outta tickets. I Never said I was getting a white coat. I got something that's community respect and honored. And I was feeling great about it. Yeah. Like all these great people got it. Usher, Missy, Michael Jackson, I guess. 'cause I'm not in that caliber, it doesn't matter. And she's on a girl. She's doing a skits and like, we're not taking it serious. Like, oh, they're just giving out this title to everybody, whatever. I was like, whatever. I got it. They, they seen me, they acknowledged me. They gave me my flowers. They shouldn't change the name. I sh it shouldn't be a certificate just, but at the end of the day, it is what it is. You know? I got it And I stood on it And I know my friends were happy. I guys, I definitely right's happy for You. I was just like, let's get it. Let's go. You know? So it's just for the next person, you know, like they may call you and say, Jess, we want you to be in an honorary delta.


I'm m like, I'm all for it. I love that for you. Yeah. A doctors as well. That was all I pink and green. Excuse Me. And she might be AKA you. Yeah. AKA ain't call her. And we like jazz. Do you not know, I did a whole video for you when you got this position for breakfast, breakfast club. The whole video was represented around Jess. Hilarious. Because this is awesome. Where you're sitting, thank you. Like this. It was no other person. I hit Charlotte. I said, oh you, that's Jesse. Like, she deserves that seat. So even when you went, gone, went missing for the baby. I'm like, okay, we're Jess at, you know. But again, things had to come in and fill in for you. But this is your seat. So as a person, as a Pretty Vee a beast, Simone, a Jess as Aki a Marco, these are accolades that we're like, whoa.


We're getting, yeah. Like, and I'm just happy that I got it And I'm happy that it's on my house. Split it up. And I'm Like, I'm happy for you. I'm excited. That's family. Family. I got one from South Carolina State, just getting one from Baltimore City Community college. First Of all. Oh my god. What? You know, I'm not getting anything from Baltimore City Community College. No, they didn't send nothing here. They don't even have Twitter top. They Twitter. It's a community college. Don't do them like that. They don't got no damn Twitter Kids. They said they wanna give you an honorary doctorate. You didn't hear that. And if just get that From the community college, we lit. Like, Don't you don't look that Up. He had to look. That such a clown. See I told you looked at up That late. Anyway. You talked about, I'm happy about it.


You said earlier that, you know, you talk about people you've dated in the book and stuff too. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't say no names. Oh, You didn't say ain. Ain't no names in the book. Ain't no names in the book. Ain't no names in the book. Okay. I Actually called to make sure I could throw a little slip here. But other than that, where's the love life now since you're doing all this working with yourself and you had a hundred days to change and to thank newly. Yeah. Where's the dating status today? Single And not ready to mingle. We is focused. We is getting to it. Emini here. We well I'm on a mission right now. I got you to just focus on a pretty victory. Focus on all the great things. Whatever I put down on picking back up in the season. Hmm. I feel like, like I'm just growing spiritually more. Like I'm asking God to cover my heart, be open to new collection connections, but cover my heart, cover my borderlines.


Yeah. Of my ear gates. Like, I'm just really intrigued, just having fun. Like the skit, the comedic side and I'm, I'm running with Charlotte told me, he's like, yo, you are all purpose entertainer. Im running with that, doing everything I could possibly do whatever I put down on picking back up. So right now I'm single, you know, I hear whoever, like, you feel me, like, okay, Miami, like Miami Dolphins, Eagles, what they do. Like whoever I, If they feeling blessed up, they can, you know, dentist Entrepreneurs. What y'all lack bus Drivers up. What? What? Whatever. I hear you hear me. But we, you know, we working single, I'm just surviving out. I want ask both of y'all something, you and Jess, right? 'cause in day 19 you talk about following God's instructions.


Right? So I want to ask you, how do you know what instructions of God's instructions and what's not? And I wonder about that in regards to relationships. Like, does God say, you know what, that's who you should be dating or that's who you should be dealing with. Absolutely. I, I feel like God sent me a man after his own heart. Wow. You know, me and Chris, we pray together. That's my partner. This the first time I've been in a relationship where I actually feel like we're doing the spiritual growing together. You know what Emini here, like and other re relationships, they, I'm not saying that I was dating atheists, you know, but I would initiate the praying. I would initiate, yo, let's, let's read together, let's, you know Yeah. When, you know, you sent me two of these, right? Yeah. He took one and he's like, yo, I didn't know she was doing the Daily Devotional. Wow. I said, yeah, well, she sends me, he said, I ain't know she was turning into a book.


And you know, we started reading it. Like he, he's very, very, very spiritual. He's a Christian, God fair man. And yeah, I do feel like God has spoken to to me and told me, this is, this is the last person that you, you gonna be with. This is the last and final relationship. Wow. And this is the one. You believe it. This is what I was preparing you for. You believe that? I do. I do believe that wholeheartedly. Yes. Yeah. I believe that for you. So What about you V God told you is this, if God told you, look, I don't want you dealing with nobody right now. See, God is not the author of confusion. So whenever it gets a little rocky for me, I know that's not him. Ooh. I've been in spaces where it's been confus, confusion, manipulative. I talk about that. I conniving just controlling. And that is not of God. Now, God will put you in situations for you to learn.


It's a lesson. Like a warning does come for destruction. Emini here understand what that means. Hmm. Like, it comes for destruction. So I think in this season, God is saying, be still and be patient because you have tapped into different relationships. Whether it weren't, wasn't good for you. You have tapped into different friendships that held you back. So I think in this season, he is telling me to be still and wait on him. Seek he first the kingdom of God. I keep hearing that. Every time somebody called me, they like, oh, you were my spirit and this dropped in it. Matthew, you need to read it. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, what am I doing that is moving too quick and not bringing God along? So, and, and, and waiting on his answer. So that's why I said in the beginning, I'm just waiting on that soft whisper to move. So in this space that I'm in, I'm like, if it ain't of him, and if I ain't, if we ain't doing what we need to do, I don't want you, I don't care how much money you got.


I don't care if you got this unit chain on. Yeah. I don't care if the the Jabal is to the ground. I don't care if the Tims is flapping the I I don't want it. Yeah. If it's not, that's what it sounds like. Chain Tim is all, we got more with pretty V when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with pretty V. So question, what's the most important chapter in this book to you The most? If you wanted one person say, I I wanted you to, to read this one chapter because I think this chapter is whatever. Yeah. I love you. I love you.


And why? Because I don we don't hear that enough. Yeah. The household I grew up in, my mother said it, but my dad was very slim to none. Caribbean man. Very hard, very like, straightforward. You don't hear it as much. And then when you do, it's like, I have to say it. All right, dad, do you hear me? I said, I love you. Mm Oh, I love you too. Ooh. My father showed he loved us for sure. Yeah. But it wasn't like, I want you, I want you to tell me that because the, the trips and the gifts and the Christmas stuff and the back to school clothes. That's cool. I need to tell you who I fell in love with and they broke my heart. You know, I need you to understand like that I'm hurting right now And I don't need to call my mentors in the industry to ask for advice.


I wanna call you first. So I, I I I love you is my, my favorite day of the book. I don't know what day that is, but that, that's one of the important because we don't hear it. I I don didn't hear it from you. How has that changed you as a person? Do you say, I love you to everybody now because you missed that you didn't get that like you wanted? I do say I love you to a lot of people, but I also, I think my heart is warm to people. It's like more open because my father was very closed. Gotcha. Yeah. Like again, it was just all about making sure you're dependent. You're this, you become a lawyer, you become a realist. He didn't care about the comedy. He was just like, that ain't going like whatever. Yeah. Until I showed him that I could turn funny into money until I showed him that I could do these things about my first home and, and help the family, you know, as much as I can.


But I love you was not, he didn't say that as much. You know, where is your relationship with your dad now? We're good. We locked in. Okay. Like, that's my daddy, like, you know. Yeah, for sure. But he just like being a Caribbean per, he's, everything's hard. Like, it's just like, all right books, make sure you're in there. Make sure you become who you supposed to be. Don't do this, don't do that. But like me, my dad's like my my best friend. Have you had had those talks with him? I did. We had a moment one day in Miami and we was back and forth and like, I was like in his space and like, you need to respect da da da da. So he text me and my dad, my dad don't even know. I don't even know how you know how to text. I was like, this is my little brother doing this for you or this is from your heart. And he was like, we just have to work on communication. That's the first time I, he understood my side And I understood his side.


Yeah. You know, so yeah. How did you pick who you wanted to do your, to help with devotionals? The impact that you guys put on my life? Emini here before, like I knew what rap was. Charlotte was just like, yo, this show would be great for you. You know, the advice that I've gotten over the years from him, like, keep going. You know, I've text And I like you, love you. Keep going. Ah, ah, you two v keep, keep striving. It's just the impact. Jess, I watched her growth. I'm inspired by her walk. Again, like I said, I can't do what she does, I think is inspiring to me. Issa, you know, taking a chance on me to be a part of her show and still speaking to me after the fact, like checking up on me and you know, she was gonna be one of my moderators, you know, for the book tour. But her schedulings for people, that's what I'm saying, people who to come out they way to do things.


Like this is a pinch me moment for me. You know, I don't take this for granted. Like, everything to me is like pure and genuine. I love it. And Shaq forgive me, the best advice, every time I would respond in the blogs, Shaq will hit me like literally two minutes after. You know, I have to call you like, yo tell shot, don't block me. I know. Yeah. You know? So I think for me it's more of like him giving me the Best of fights. Don't respond. Yeah. You're a queen. You don't come off your throne for them people. Right. And I didn't understand, 'cause I, I want to explain so much. And he's like, no, we not doing that and do v like that's just my dog. Kiara Shearer helped me when I was in, you know, in my head during Covid, she gave me her aunt's counselor, you know, therapist so I could talk to her. So shout out to Kiara. She like, I was really in a bad place in 2020. And she was just like, you know, look at the Bible.


Everybody in there had committed suicide, overthinking. You had this in the Bible like this. You're not the only one walking through this space. V like, keep your head up and I'm gonna give you my auntie's counselor so you can talk to 'em. 'cause I, I was afraid of it. Like, I was like, I'm a church girl. Like, all you gotta do is pray and da da da. You'll be all right. But no, you actually need somebody. And I What put you, what put you in that space in 2020? Just the, the, the covid, you know, And I had covid and covid hit me mentally. It didn't hit me physically. I was just in my head a lot. The brain fog, overthinking stuff, like just doing the most. And I kept calling my mom, I think I need to go talk to somebody. I, and she was like, it's covid. Like it was bad. 2020 was bad. Everyone was passing away at that time. And I just didn't know how, I didn't know how to center myself.


And I think in that season it's like, get in your word. Like God's pulling on you with some things. He wants to talk to you spiritually. And that's when I reached out to Kiki and she was just like, you know, I'm gonna tell you right now to keep going, but you know, this is gonna happen. But get in your word and I'm gonna give you my, my auntie's, you know, counsel, so you can talk to her. So everyone plays a part of my life. Even the Victoria, Tisha Campbell, like just everybody in here. So be Simone. Like everyone's in this book. Let's end on this. You said if you're starving, you'll eat anything. Ooh Lord, write that down. If you're starving, you will eat anything. It's just, it's just plain and simple, you know? Again, you gotta wait and be patient. Like, like I just said, if the opportunity come for me to do something that's off brand And I want it And I feel like I'm not doing anything at the moment And I feel like I need the money or if I feel like I, I want to be at a, a place just to show the people that I'm working, I'll do anything down the line.


It starts tenting things and tenting the brand and making you look crazy when you should just wait, be patient in this season and just wait. That's the thing. Like opportunities have come to me to do certain things and I've said, no, no, no. But if, And I know I needed the money. I know I needed to do certain things. I know I wanted to put it towards a Sheron show or just my craft. But if I would've said yes, I'm just doing anything just to do it. I'm not waiting on the process. I'm, that's what I just said. And I think day two, there's a process before the promise. And the thing about it is we'll just go through, try to go straight through that promise. And it ain't doing nothing is just, you just did it just 'cause to see, to show your fans and your followers that you moving and you working.


I'm out here with da da. But they got you doing all these roles. I remember a producer hit me the day and said, yo, I want you to be a stud and be like a lesbian stud in one of my movies. And I, And I was like, you straight, like I don't wanna do that. I'm bigger than that. Like, you know, like no shade. Like I don't wanna put like Be you gonna make your stomach out like y'all straight. Like I'm good. Like I don't wanna do that. Did you tell him I would do that? Why you ain't call sissy? Why you ain't call sissy crazy? Why you didn't call you sissy? Jess, you wanna do this wrong? Up, up. Wanna be a stu would've killed you already know. You already know I get study on these study on like a Lesbian.


She a little, She a little butchy pregnant lesbian like wife Beat on picking the Hair, all that. And I'm like, I don't wanna do that. I see for Jess. But I didn't want, but I didn't wanna do that. You ain't pass that along. I don for me. Well the book is out now. The pretty victory. And I think it's only right we leave with a prayer. That's a pretty prayer. That's cool. A pretty prayer What a pretty prayer Book. Is it like a long prayer? Are we getting? That's up to you. I Need to got press. So what's up to you? Close your eyes and you go, you gotta go. Okay. Period. Father God, we just thank you so much for today. Little God, we thank you that you are so worthy. We just thank you that you are so massive. We thank you that you are so powerful. Lord God, father God, I wanna say thank you so much for what you're doing and what you're about to do. Little God in these last and evil days, little God, the seen in the unseen, the heard and the unheard little God.


Father God, we thank you for all the doors that you're opening, but all the doors that you are closing little God. I thank you for every soul who's around this table. Little God. Just little God. Keep her in perfect peace, Lord God let us know that she's seen little God. Let us know that she's heard little God every cry that she's cried little God. I ask that you hear her touched down on her heart. Lord God purge her into her greatness. Lord God, it's so much things that she wants to do. Little God in this season, little God. So give it to her little God. Give her the witty inventions. Little God to do itlo. God, let's envy little God. Keep him going little God, allow him to be the best Father. He knows how to be little God. Let him quiet the noise, Lord God, whatever he may be dealing with that we may not know in his secret place, Lord God, we just ask that you cover him under the blood. Lo God his kids, Lord God, father God, do it. A round of protection over his kids. Little God, even his wife, little God. Many opportunities, little God will fall with his family. Little God bless Charla Lord God, keep him in perfect peace, Lord God.


Anxiety, anything that he may be thinking about overthinking little God. Anything that he may be feeling like on the days that he may not express. Lord God, father God, we just wanna say thank you Lord God. Keep him little God Father God. We just ask that you catapult charlemagne's career little God to higher heights little God. It's never too late little God to do it. Little God, father God, whatever he's writing down in his journal, little God, whatever he's thinking about, little God, him and his wife shall do little God. Even His kids will eat off of those benefits. Little God and Father God, the generations to come and to come and every soul that's a part of Breakfast Club team, little God bless them now and forevermore and Jesus mighty name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. How Intentional she is when she pray. That's Right. It's pretty V The pretty V the the pretty victory. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the Guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Now you got a positive note. I do. But I want to tell people, first of all, man, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Yes, it is year three of an Unforgettable Day of Live podcast, inspiring Conversations and Cultural Celebration Podcast coaches Celebration. Okay. It's hosted by Mandy and Huie of Decisions. Decisions. We got the Trap Nerd podcast there for the gamers, good Moms Bad Choices is going to be there. Carrie Champions gonna be there with her Naked Sports Podcast tank. And Jay Valentine will be there doing the RB Money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there doing the Woman of Evolve podcast live. So go get your tickets right now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay, Saturday, April 26th. Third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival Atlanta. Can't wait to see you there.


And the positive note is simply this. And this is something that I live by. It's a quote that I love. The content of your character is your choice. Day by day what you choose, what you think, and what you do is who you become. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done.


The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Hey, When's last time you've listened to Hot? 99.5 because we have all of the hip music, but also a lot more like Intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I love This station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa, What Snap I run Kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99 5.