
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Outta y'all this weekend. Get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free. January 4th through January 5th. Aite de required.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Laro is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. We have Dr. Cheyenne Bryant. Hey, welcome. Good, good Morning's Up breakfast club, Man. You are one of the people, people in the mental health space who are, who's use, who's really using social media, right? Thank, right. Like, you know, 'cause you've used it to, you know, elevate your platform and just elevate the conversation around mental health. So I applaud you on that. Yeah, thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah. I always say I didn't get into this field to become a celebrity, but God has his own plans, right? So I literally, in my master's, in my doctorate program, I remember my professor saying, everyone who's gonna get licensed raise your hand.


I didn't raise my hand. Everybody else did. And he's like, doc, you going, you know, well Cheyenne, at that time you're going through all this, not get licensed. I'm like, no. 'cause I'm gonna be on a platform where I'm able to change lives. Didn't think that it ended up being a platform where to this magnet two one, and then to the place where literally I didn't want it. The whole celebrity status and lifestyle. And not that I'm saying I don't want it now And I don't like it. It's just this is not where I expected it to go. But again, if God needs to use a celebrity, this, And I said it at, at your mental health, a mental wealth expo, you know, whether the celebrity status brings me the naysayers or the sayers, whatever it brings, as long as they can get a tip or two that gives them a, a better quality of life and helps them become better mentally, then run the play.


I'm cool with it. It's what? It's how, how does that impact though? Like, you do work in mental, mental health, but there's a lot of, like, the naysayers are so loud. How does that impact you mental health wise and like, what's your work through? Because it's there, especially with that when that the Kim interview came out, they were, people were upset about it. Some people agree, but, you know, how do you as a person in that space deal with all of that pushback? This is the thing, sis. I grew up a little girl in the inner city in the hood. I grew up to two teenage parents. My mom was addicted to the drug that my father sold. I'm a product of a street dude, a straight gangster who turned into being a good family man. And my mom is now sober for the record. Yeah. And so I say all that to say that when you grow up in a certain type of adversity, loud noise that's against the grain of what you're doing.


And don't everybody, it's not loud noise. You know, it's a norm. And that's why, you know, the Bible says it's good for me that I was afflicted. Because when you have those afflictions, they are preparing you for a time like this, right? That you have to stand in a leadership role. And leadership comes with pressure, it comes with commitment, it comes with character. And so when you have naysayers who are applying pressure, then that's when you show if you apply for, for a diamond. But I already knew from the trenches that I was a diamond. So I wasn't worried about coming into this space with somebody having a problem with what I'm doing. And I'm in my intent. I'm in my purpose and I'm vertical in who I am. It don't matter to me 'cause I'm running my own place. So I'm not sitting up there as a quarterback being Brady, waiting for a moss.


Right? I'm good. I si I'm gonna make all my receivers better to put somebody out there. We gonna Win. Put someone out there. That's just what it is. You know? So when you're vertical and who you are, you're not really worried about what is gonna show up to catch the catch. You know, you, your job is to throw. And then the receiver job is to do what to catch. And so the quarterback don't throw and go, Jess, catch. You better do it. Jess, hands up, the quarterback throws. And he like, all right, I know I did it 10 up and slant over and that's it. And it's a celebration if you are in there. If not, we run the playback again. Yeah. Until we do it. And that's just what, that's what life's about. Now, you talked about your calling.


So when it came, when it comes to your calling, what is your calling? What do you specialize in? Is it relationships? Is it dealing with people's problems? Is it just listening? What is your specialty when it comes to it? And what's your calling? I love that. So I started off as a marriage and marriage family, child therapist. And I tell God, I said, listen, I'm a, I'm a little girl from the hood. You know what I come from? Don't put me in the hood and don't put me with, with, you know, court order, DCF kids. Not that I had a problem with them, I didn't wanna be triggered dealing with them. Got it. And I didn't wanna have to deal with what I came from. I wasn't in the system. But I came from that type of adversity. And the first place God put me was off of a Dale and Slauss, And I don't know if y'all familiar with la, but a block away from Slauson swap meet in the hood.


And every one of my, my clients were court order DCFS, department of Family and Child Services. We have moms in there who were pregnant, still still hitting the pipe, asking me can I sign off on the documents so they can get the kids back, because I was predicated on their reunification with their kids. And so started off as doing that when I got my doctor, I transitioned to a psychology expert life coach, so that my hands wouldn't be tied behind my back. Because when I was a therapist working for a nonprofit under a license, the protocol just with the BBS law, and you're, you're very familiar with like mental health and therapy. There's so many things that you cannot do based on ethics and law that in my opinion, it negates.


And it really takes away from the real therapeutic experience. So for example, I had a young lady come in and she had experienced sexual abuse. Her mother was allowing men to pay her to have sex with her daughter at 13 from age, all the way from age eight to 16. The last time the the guy came in, he put her on the burners and the stove burners and had his way with her for that young lady. Thank God that was the last straw for her. Mm. So she ends up in my, in my office and we're talking and she's telling me her story. And I'm starting to become triggered because it's triggering my sexual abuse pass. And so long story short, after one of our sessions, I get up and she's in tears and she's telling her story And I go to hug her and she's like, no, no, no, you know, don't touch me because that, that's not something that she's in a place to handle at that time.


No problem. Eight months go by, she's like, she has to then be transferred out. She's like, all right. You know, I wasn't Dr. Brian then. I was Cheyenne. She's like, miss Cheyenne, thank you for everything. I'm like, okay. And she goes, oh, by the way, I'm ready for that hug. Mm. Everything in me. Yeah. Everything in me. DJ Envy was just like, everything was just like, oh yeah. And so, not only did I hug her, but I think I broke through the BBS laws. 'cause I hugged that poor baby. I kissed all over her. Yeah, yeah. But you're not supposed to do that. So you're still human though. You're not. But you're still human. And so my specialty then was marriage, family, child therapy. So that is my foundation. So now that I am a psychology expert life coach, I don I can't get rid of that because I, that's my foundation.


I do psycho M and CBT. But I couple it, which is my hybrid approach with coaching. So it's therapy and coaching, which is hybrid. And I say this without humility, that's why I'm so effective, because therapy is, tell me more. Let me hear about your trauma, your daddy issues, your mom issues. Why are you who you are? And then once you fit, you're finished dealing with that and you process that. Okay, DJ envy, where the hell you going from there? I, I do have one, one other question. When it comes to the therapy PA aspect, I'm sure The World has been watching the Mendez brothers, right? And I had a question, right? Yeah. So the Mendez brothers, if you don't know, they confessed their crime to their therapists. And they believed that the could not tell police officers because it was, I guess patient client privilege.


But they did. So does that mean anything that I tell a therapist or that anybody tells a therapist can and can possibly be used against them in a court of law? A hundred percent. So a therapist is only under confidential oath unless you are threatened to kill yourself and someone else. And it can't just be a threat. It has to be, you have a, you actually have like a, a action plan to do so. Right? You can't just come to me and say, Hey doc, look, you know, I wanna kill myself. I'll help you process through that and hopefully talk you off the ledge. But if you say, I got a plan at 9:00 PM I'm leaving the house. I'm gonna do X, Y, and Z to my wife, then I have a a duty to report. If I'm subpoenaed to court, I have to speak on that. Now, if I did a crime and I'm talking to you about the crime because it's eating me up, you're not supposed to tell law enforcement if I already killed somebody, I already did the crime already.


No. Even if it's a murder Only. Unless that therapist is subpoenaed or that that, oh, That medical. Oh, So the fact that he was subpoenaed, that's it. Oh, Okay. When it comes to subpoena in the court and the justice system, their law oversees everything. It just does, when it comes to your confidentiality as client privilege, there's nothing that I can say outside, even Emini here. Can you reach out to the court and say, subpoena me, I need to be subpoenaed. I never, I subpoena, I personally would never do that just because I, I believe in following the oath of, and maybe I just love and respect my clients too much. But if you came to me and said something, I'm just not, And I know this is smaller than murder, but I've had married couples who come separately and together and the husband is just light it up in his individual sessions like, I'm cheating.


I'm, I'm, I'm intimate with this person and that person. It's family members, it's this, and I'm, and I'm having to just make sure I process my counter transference because I'm sitting there like, damn. And I have her in one hour And you can't say nothing. I Have her in one In one hour. God. Now, Of course, if it was like my girlfriend, I'd be like, bitch. But you would take your girlfriends though, right? It's Girlfriend. My best friend. Couldn't be. That's, that's a conflict. And and she could never come to me as her, as her psychology expert, any of that. But I, then I'd be, I'd be, you know, ripping into him. Talk to me from the human perspective. 'cause you still, you still a real nigga at the end of the day. Right? So when you hear stuff like that, when you hear the guy come in one hour and he doing X, Y, and Z, then the woman coming in the next hour, what is going through your mind about to do?


See Charlamagne, my clients are watching this interview. My Client's gonna be like, doc, that's what you really Feel. But you know, in my mind, honestly, what I try to do and, and, and, and some of my clients have followed this guidance. I have one client now, he's his, his, he's married and the wife is attempting to divorce him. And she's divorcing him because he cheated. But she doesn't have any hard facts on him. So I've all, I've actually been able to process with him, whether you're gonna be with this woman or not, if you wanna be with her or you wanna be able to leave and do better at, at some point, you gotta be able to be real with yourself and real with her. And you gotta be transparent. When do you plan on doing that?


So he just literally this week or last week? 'cause this week he told me, doc, I sat with her And I told her that it's been, you know, a few times that I did cheat. Mm. And I said, how does she respond? He said, she said, now we can have a conversation because now you keeping it real. Mm. And when I had her in session, I said, listen, triggered. Triggered, right? Yes. Oh, okay. But I told her, I said, look, you have two options. I said, either, you know, I can, I can, if you're willing to learn to love a dog, we can start that process because, you know, or we could start the process of you leaving and starting over. And she goes, what do you mean by a dog? She said, but he didn't. We've been together for 10 years. He's never cheated The first time. I said, no, no baby. I said, he been quiet for 10 years.


He's, he decided to bark on you. Number 10. Mm. Jesus Crazy dog. So you don't think so, you don't think that he could change in that marriage and not cheat anymore? First of all, nobody changes, including me. We shift and that changes our life. And when I say we shift, we shift out of the things and behaviors that don't serve us after we learn they're not working. Gotcha. And then we have to learn to manage those. Gotcha. So I am very firecracker. When I was younger, I was very temperamental. I was very, you know, who the fuck you talking to real quick? Right. I just, because of my trauma, because of things, I just had a very protective, by all means necessary. I'm the oldest of seven. So I was, you know, I've light this place up. Is that still in me after all of my healing?


Hell yeah. Do I manage it? Absolutely. Managing it just means that I'm high function. I'm able to regulate my emotions. Right. Identify my emotions. Don't get into my feelings because emotions are healthy. Feelings cause problems. Right. And I can Just say, okay, I identify that I'm angry, I'm frustrated. So now let me choose my response. Before I was low functioning, once I felt it, I was triggered. And everybody here was gonna know and it was gonna be a problem. So does that still come up? Yeah. But do I have self-talk that says we not doing that? So you Don't think people can change, you just feel like they change? We manage ourself well. We manage our ourself well. So a man who's a womanizer, he's, he is always a womanizer.


It's just how well can he discipline or manage his womanizing appetite, his womanizing actions, his womanizing desires. Can he imagine manage his envi environment? Can he be in a room full of women and not womanize and not cheat and not step out and not have infidelity issues? We like what we like. We are who we Are. So you would never date a man that cheated before because you feel like he will always be a cheater. Is that what you're saying? I think that's also circumstantial. So I do believe that different relationships bring out different things in us. I was also an extreme alpha in my first engagement. I had two engagements, caught up, two weddings. My first relationship that I was engaged to, I was extreme alpha. So even if he tried to be alpha, I left no space.


Mm. It was like, hell no. By all means necessary. 'cause I said someone you can walk, like, I'm chasing my career. I know my value. I'm not fatherless. I got a daddy, he spoils me. Good day. So even in that, do you feel like that he wasn't man enough for you? Or like, what was that? Do you think that's your fault? Do you look back and be like, ugh, I was trying to be the man, not trying to be the man, but I actually, I I gave him, 'cause you just said you gave no room for him to do it. So do you regret that part Of it? I think that's a duality. I think he chose a woman who was alpha because it fed something in him that was beta. Yeah. I chose a man who was beta because my alpha needed to be inflamed. But my second engagement, he was alpha.


That's why I say circumstantial. But not only was he alpha, I was ready. I had these submissive fills in me already. So by the time we got in a relationship, I was a hybrid. By then, I was alpha submissive. So I was cooking, he was daddy, I was soft. I was in my feminine. And the, the blessing of that is I got to experience both. And I learned that I fell more in love with myself in my softness than he probably did. Yeah. Like I was doing shit where I'm like, Ooh Girl, I was turned on by me. I was like, Ooh, si. That's me. That's me right now. Even In the bedroom, things that I was like, I, no, I'm not. When I was in my outfit, absolutely not. I was like, can we do that thing again?


That thing I don't look at y'all, y'all mirror. Can we do that thing again? Like that thing I said I wanna do that. You said submit more. Submit. Yeah. You guys do that Too. But it also, but Right, but also plays a role in what? But in the position. You what you wanna say? What you what doing Say thing again. Nah, I'm not gonna f front. When you said that, I kept thinking of this story of what it was Gilly telling me the story about nevermind no Gilly, the king was telling me a story about something that was in Kim Porter book and how did he told Kim Porter do that thing. And it was getting pegged in the, but. Right, Right. I know. Emini here something good, Something something the butt. So you, you don't feel men can, I'm not answering the butt question. You Don't, don't think men can change though.


Like, you know, maturity. Because you know, a lot of times, yeah, I'm stuck on that too Because a lot of times you stuck on butt. What she Not seeing, I saying because sometimes you're immature and you don't know. Right. And you, And I think you can grow out of things where you are mature, not just being a womanizer or or being insecure. Some of those things you grow out of because you learn differently. And some of the things that you follow is because of society teaches you other than what you should be doing if you, if you understand what I'm saying. So when I was a child, I thought as a child, now that I'm a man, I think as That's right. As a man. Right. That's what the Bible says. So do I think that we can mature out of things? Yes. But maturity takes work.


It takes awareness and sense of self. So how many of us are really getting that if we are in the same environments, the same relationships, or we're dating different people with the same spirit. So the same spirit's gonna activate the same things in you. Hmm. You want different, there has to be a different circumstance, a different activation. I went from a beta to an alpha And I was receptive to being with an alpha. So that's why I was able to be activated in my feminine. I wouldn't choose a beta. Now I'd want an alpha man, but I also hold space for an alpha. Man. You couldn't be with a woman who ha is high functioning and be a womanizer. She ain't holding space for you. You can prey on a low functioning woman because she holds space too much space for a low functioning man who wants to prey on her.


But if you were to say, you know what I, I, I wanna shift up my ways, you would also have to shift and choose a woman who won't tolerate that. Because she will hold you accountable when you're in a space that don't work for her. That's right. Does that make sense? So you can't shift, shift a bit, shift and be in the same environment. Doesn't Work on that. Let's say a man is insecure and he's insecure when he is 16, 17, 18. Right. Because he doesn't know The World. Or a man follows the likeness of, for instance, hip hop. Right. Because hip hop influences so much of us and a lot of us were groan from it. You know, whether it was what we did, what we spoke about, carrying guns, selling drugs, being a womanized, whatever that may be, Men can change is what you're men can change. I feel like. I feel like what you're saying is true, but I feel like I would say shifts lead to actual change.


That's What I'm saying. I'm absolutely so right. So I'm not saying, listen, we're not Jesus. We're not turning water to wine. I've said that on the Cam Newton episode And I stand by that. So you're not gonna change and you're not gonna switch up and tomorrow be a six five chocolate man. You don't know what I identify as. Listen, I'm self projected. That's what I'm attracted to. But I'm Back. But can you shift shifts will change you The World. Yes, I agree. You don't change, you shift. So what happens is that insecure boy grows up to be a man who shifts things in him and his environment changes. And so does he feel his insecurity in flame way less? Absolutely. But whether there be moments where your little boy arises in you because you're triggered, that's life.


And when that happens, if it's once a year or once every five years, you have to have the effective tools to manage that little boy. Or he will sabotage or he will go cheat. And that's how you say he ain't cheated in 10 years, but he barked on your number 10. I Agree with that wholeheartedly. Boy, the way it was worded first time I was like, I think man can change. But I get what you're saying. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Totally. Yeah. People can shift and that creates a change. But we don't wake up and we're like, we're totally different. So the interview with Cam, and also I saw that you sat down with Nick. How did that, how did, did the, the firecracker in you be like, I need to sit down with them. How did you get them in the room? How did you do those two interviews? Right? Did they reach out to you or did you reach out to them? So Nick reached out to me.


Okay. And said, doc, what's up? Like I wanna work through some things. Hmm. But I wanna work through it on camera. Hmm. And I said, okay, no problem, but I'm gonna penetrate. So we're not doing this on camera. I'm Try penetrate Yo. He's crazy. The thing that trigger you is crazy. So when that trigger Him, So he liked penetration. Nick Do that little thing. You do do That little thing. Right. It's funny because Nick always goes, doc, do you have to use that word? I'm like, yeah, I am. I'm penetrating you at the space that obviously is broken. Yeah. And that dysfunctional and toxin. So You Say we to you need to grow. See, see men just don't change You to a 12-year-old girl right now.


The little boy, the little boy is Definitely present. Definitely Present. So when stupid he says, all right, I need to work through some things. You're like, okay on camera. Does that then in your mind say, mm, is this for real for real? Or do you want to appeal to a certain market, you know, to a certain audience? I love that. You know what I'm saying? Because you know, we're in the, in the times now where everything has to be recorded or it didn't happen or you know, that's just how people look or how people feel. But what does that make it a little phony to you? So, Because I couldn't find another word other than phony, but Great observation. Yeah. I didn't look at it like that because I look at it like I have a job to do and a purpose to serve.


So whether we have one camera or 10, you gonna get this work. Yeah. And so they may have done it, And I'm not saying they did, they may have done it from an entertainment perspective, but as we see more than entertainment came out of it. Yeah. Because your intention will always be what ends up being the end result for you. And so my intent was to use Nick's situation and shift a whole culture of black men saying with Cam, and it happened, there were a lot of naysayers, but a lot of black men were actually in there creating the viralness and saying, listen, doc is right. We need to create more husbands and less baby daddies. Black men were like, I'm 26, I got three kids by three different women and she's right.


This ain't it man. Yeah. We gotta do different. That was my intent. And it and my intent is what manifested so, and Nick as well, cam was resistant, but Cam had to answer a lot of questions in his household. Cam had a lot of stuff. He had a lot of different conversations he had to have with that woman. Whether she wants to come out on social media and wear the mask she's been wearing that mask is is off at home. Yeah. Cam had to answer questions that created a lot of conflict. Conflict is needed for resolve and for shift and change. And so yeah. Entertainment or not, I wanted to make sure that what happened happened. That the conversation is now being had everywhere. That it is time for our community to do things differently. And if you have already created broken houses and homes, you're not doomed.


But you need to stop. It's a time to stop. Like we're not here to create broken houses and now yourself, you're projecting your daddy issues and mommy issues as a man onto an entire generation. Yeah. That has to now grow up to figure out what the hell is the root of their issue and how do they not sabotage and how do they do this thing differently. Yeah. I saw Cam say, cam said that, you know, it, it affected his relationship with his first two baby moms. Yeah. And, and his current situation. Yeah. So do you feel any remorse for that or No? Yeah, because I'm here to interrupt that pattern. Mm, no. Yeah. Like the shit should have been interrupted a long time Ago. Long time ago. Yeah. You know, cam and you come from, and not that this breeds, you know, good decision making people, but Cam comes from, he's a pastor's child.


He comes from two parents that are still married and they're still very, they're pastors very much involved with the church. That goes to show you, like the Bible said, it was good for me that I was afflicted because you got people who come from brokenness. This is why I said these kids are not doomed who make different decisions because it's not about where a lot of times it's not where you go and they get you where you, where you going. It's where you trying to get the hell away from. Yeah. And a lot of times parents. Yeah. Like I, I was telling Ray J this Ray J's my client as well. Jesus. And leave my boy alone. Ray, I was telling Ray, I said, Ray, I love your parents and but they showed you everything to do. Right. They didn't show you what not to do.


And see for me, I had a a a circumcision environment that showed me everything not to do. Right. Hmm. So sometimes knowing what not to do saves you from doing the wrong shit. Mm. It's not about having a perfect household, it's about having a blended balanced household that says, listen, this is what you can do. It'll get you, this is what you, you shouldn't do. And when you come from a lot of pastor kids and these, these folks who come in from these really perfect households or perfect marriages that have a lot of infidelity, a lot of brokenness in them, these folks, these kids learn how to master their life as well. And they learn how to overcompensate for what they're missing in broken houses, in womanizing or man izing ways.


And that becomes an issue. And then it just becomes a, a dysfunctional pattern where they keep creating this, they get comfortable and dysfunction and say, I'm thriving here. No you're not. You've learned to survive and you're teaching everybody else who you are, you know, creating or procreating how to survive. How, You know. Go ahead. Go ahead. I was just gonna ask, how do you deal with your other clients if you have Ray J. Yeah. Who do you talk to after you talk to Ray? Which one? Do you have a therapist? I hope you have. I do. Oh yeah. That I have, that I have wise counsel. Yeah. I, yeah. Yeah. I have a nice group. A nice really healthy ecosystem. Okay. Of people who are in, you know, counselors and coaches and who are not. Hmm. Do they And I use them. Does this like, so like with the cam situation is in there like a follow-up conversation with him or like he wants to work through more stuff now off camera.


'cause like it I'm sure triggered a lot for him as well too when those additional conversations had to happen. Or Did he Block your number Or like is he, you know, what Emini here, like what happens after that? We see it in real, we see it on, on the internet and it goes crazy. Yeah. The baby mom's a girlfriend, all the fallout. There's been recent fallout too with him talking about her jazz not being the only woman that he slept within a relationship. And so there's things coming out now. Does he hit you up and say, Hey, I wanna do some more work. I wanna have a conversation or he's like, nah, He's, he hasn't hit me up to say yes, but he is definitely not like, nah. Okay. But I who I would love to have a conversation with, whether it can, whether it's on camera or not, not just to more support her in whatever she's doing right now or feeling or going through is jazz.


Yeah. I would love to have a conversation with jazz, even if it's a private session. I think that she needs tools on how to be in this relationship if she's gonna stay. Mm. And if she chooses to leave, she needs tools on how to also pivot that. Mm. And it's not about having a conversation with her or having a session with her to get her to change her mind. It's about getting her to feel supported and showing compassion and then that's, and trying to figure out where she wants to navigate from here. And see that's the thing because I don't know if you saw months ago, or this may have been before she was pregnant, I think I saw this. She's happy with or, or you know, with everything that's going on, you know how she's okay with that. So if she understands and she's willing and she's like, okay, I'm all in.


I'm abiding by every rule that you have, then what the hell you going to talk to her about? You know what I'm saying? How can, because even as a woman watching that, right. I didn't know who she was with yet until it came out. And then I was like, oh damn. Oh right. So that's how you feel about him. And that's my mans and that's my girl, but I'm just like damn how strong the strongest back that I've ever, I, I give my head off to her Yeah. For dealing with that whole dynamic. But what can you say to her that'll change? I think it's how Happy she is With this. I think it's helping her come to to herself.


Hmm. And, And I, I think that, I think that jazz got herself into something that one she didn't understand that she was getting herself into. And I think she would love to backpedal if she could. But where do you go from here? You have a child, a lot of women, especially black women, stay because they don't want to be a product of a, of a broken house. Yeah. And they don't wanna be a single mom who wants to be a statistic who wants to be that. Right. And so for her, I understand why she would wanna stay to make it work, but I also would understand why she wants to leave to do it. Right. Yeah. And it's not because he has kids, it's because this man is not honoring you. Yeah.


He's disrespecting you and he's not only doing it privately, he's doing it publicly. He's not even allowing it to be pillow talk. Hmm. You know? So it's like, and and that's what Emini here by the epitome of a high valued man in the most low functioning functionality you can have. Like you have no respect at all for this woman who you not only have a child with, but you are in a relationship with. You're waiting for God to give you more kids. You have a woman at home, you're sleeping with other women publicly on your platform for this woman to feel how all you're doing is self projecting your brokenness and your pain on this woman in all of these eight kids and these three other women, you are procreating broken houses.


And let me go further. He also has a broken home with her because a broken house and a broken home are two different things. Explain what's the difference. So you have both, A broken house is just a single family home. It could be one mama, one daddy, or for people who have partners. It could be one partner in the house. Hmm. A that means just there's one person. A broken home is you got a two party household. The home is so impaired it can't even function at a level of healthiness. Cam has both and he knows that and he's trying to figure out how he front backside pedals. But this is the deal, you know, And I said this to him jokingly, And I wasn't pun intended, but it was like I told him, I said, I'm, I said Cam, before we did even I said, cam, you about to throw pics this entire interview just like you did when you was playing.


I said, you took him to a Super Bowl but you couldn't get the ring. And he just looked and he said, no. But to backtrack real quick, cam reached out to me. I Wouldn't pay you if you told me that before the interview. Yeah. That's brutal. I seen, I I like, I'm leaving. I'm like, why you, But, but, but I, but did I, did I catch the picks or not From What I saw? Yeah. Caught the pigs. And so, but my point is, cam reached out to me because ego, he seen me in Nick Cannon's interview. And he said, Nick was too soft do my interview. It is not, it's not gonna be that same smoke. And so I said, sign me up when I'll fly out tomorrow. He said, oh okay. Like that. I said a hundred percent I'm ready. And so when it happened, I think Cam's edge was to throw me off.


Yeah. And to see if he can challenge you. Challenge me and more dominate the conversation. My intent was to bring healing and awareness and he got that. Do You ever tell women to leave when you're dealing, when you're talking to women or men, do you ever tell 'em to leave? 'cause I know a lot of times therapists won't tell somebody to leave. And if somebody is still in a relationship, whether it's domestic violence, whether it's a womanized or whether it's something that's negative, do you feel like if a woman stays, she's weak? I don't think she's weak. I think she has a lot of underlying issues that need to be processed. And I think she doesn't have awareness of what those are and what that relationship is feeding are the underlining issues.


And she's staying because she needs those to be fed. And if she leaves what's fed, if she doesn't have any awareness of her healthiness, see what we know is what feeds us. We all set up feeding stations and we go and feed on things that we have awareness of, which is a lot of times our trauma or dysfunction or our survival mechanism. And so I never tell 'em to leave. But I do help them either say, this is what the work is gonna take to stay and this is what it looks like for you to leave. What do you wanna do? So You don't feel like if a man stays or a woman stays, they are weak. Whether it's whatever their relationship, you don't feel that way. You feel like people can get through certain things.


Whether it's domestic violence, whether it's abuse, whether it's cheating, whether it's, whatever it may be. I think that people can get through it if they're willing to reinvent. So marriage isn't something that always has, has to be dissolved. Sometimes it can be recreated and reinvented if two people are open to that. And I say that because you know, I'm not married yet. I look forward to being married and being a mother, but I'm not divorcing my husband. And so it very well could be where, you know, shoot the social media. Hopefully not goes off on doc one day. Mm. And says, Hey, what you was preaching, what's up? What you doing now? Hopefully not. But I'm saying that I'm not leaving my husband. That's right. What do you say? What do you say to people that say, you know, how do you give advice on marriages or marriage couples when you, when you're not married, that was, what do you say to those people?


I love that I say that. I don't wanna hear you've been together 15 years but miserable. 13. Hmm. I'd rather take advice from a single woman or man who's happy, thriving, successful meaning in their joy. Not just in their monetary value than someone who is miserable in the marriage with a side dude and a side chick. And you wanna gimme the advice that you give yourself that you use in your failed marriage. A pass. And it's gonna be bitter. A pass. A pass. And what happens is, married people like to shun on single folks. The Bible also says single people are happy people. Mm. Charlie you that look that up, it says marriage Lauren please takes discipline. No, it says marriage take discipline. And I listen Because a lot of times they say that you reach out to older couples that's been married longer because for a long time they'll tell you how to deal with the marriage than people you know.


Like some people say don't, she just said don't hang out with your single friends, you talk to married couples that's been in the, in that situation longer. No. And you know why that's true? Because folks who have been married 10, 50, 20 years, they've been through the trenches. Yeah. So they're not gonna teach you how to be happy. We got that single sis. We got that. I've had that all my life. They're gonna teach you how to get through the, the times when you ain't happy y'all married, you know that let's not play this game. You married, you know that you got of course Mar I think marriage is beautiful. It's popping. It's, it's, it's where everybody wants to land. Why would you not want a partnership and a companion? Right. Your go to. But that shit comes with work. The Bible says marriage is for discipline. People discipline. I'm single. I don't have to be disciplined even though I am. I don't have to be in that space.


You think people get married too early? I think people choose the wrong people. I think people choose their fairy to ideology. They're not choosing the person. See people are choosing marriage and not a husband. They're choosing marriage and not a wife. And so when you're choosing marriage, you get the title, you get the looks of it, but you're not getting a person. So you're a beautiful house who's homeless. They like the idea of of divine idea, Idea, idea. The idea. And those are people who are fatherless, sometimes motherless who just need something to be a part of. I just need this companionship. I want the title. I don't feel valued. I don't feel validated. So because we're married, I got somebody who's checking for me. I got somebody who can get through the day. But you gotta be able to check.


Even in marriage, I was engaged for 10 years, you know, because I kept calling it off, calling it off. And he was like, you keep getting these degrees, you keep saying wait for the next degree. We're get married. And by time I went and got my doctor, he was like, baby, you done got four degrees. I ain't wait no more engagement. 10 years. I kept putting it off. 'cause I knew that that wasn't my person. I was gonna say Lao is, you said you knew he was. And I And I ended up leaving. I ended up leaving him. You know, unfortunate for him. Great guy. So you Strung him along for 10 Years. 10 years. And she said he was A great guy. Great guy. He was a great guy. He just wasn't my guy. Right. And so for 10 years he thought he was the guy. So you strung him along for 10 years. Why you ain't let him go be great with somebody else that would appreciate him and love him. Y'all know about to jump on me. Shane ain't wanna hurt his Feeling. Lemme say this.


I Love that. No, I love that question. I love the question. So I'm not saying for 10 years I knew he wasn't the one. Mm. When we got about year number five or six And I seen that his work ethic and his ability to provide at the level that I wanted our family to, to be at, I knew that he wasn't mine. My guy. And when I say provide, I'm not talking about like he was making six figures And I was like, now make millions. I'm saying his thing was, baby I'm cool with me, you a dog in, in a one bedroom apartment and just no work ethic at all. So for the first six years I thought, well I'm out here getting it. I have a legal company, you know, I own property. I'm only 22. I'm getting all these college degrees. How can he not be inspired by me? See that's that age appropriate young woman.


He got potential. Let me stay. That's why people should take they time. But when I seen you number seven and eight, this guy was the same guy who was, you know, I hate talking 'cause he's such a good guy. I always protect him when I talk about him. But where he was lazy and he had no work ethic. I had a pivot. I had a pivot. And I, and you didn have the Work ethic that you wanted. 'cause he worked right. But he just didn't, He was comfortable. He was comfortable. Your a rapper ideas were different. Was He a rapper at some point? He just decided to not work at all. He ran, he worked at all. Okay. He, he wasn't a rapper. Stop. Just say he had a mix tape. He started off in pharmaceutical sales. A very educated young man went to BYUD one college did his thing very much like the boy next door mixed kid. And we were, you know, and so it was all really good.


It came from a really amazing family. Parents still married, I think they own like 45 years. You just wanted more. I wanted more. And if he would've said we can have more and grow, I would've rolled with him. But when he said, I don't want more, I'm cool with this. It goes to your question, then I had to choose what I was choosing. I was choosing a man. I wasn't choosing marriage. I didn't grow up the little girl that wanted marriage in this white picket fence. I wanted just to be honest, I wanted money and power to change a trajectory of a community. I wanted a platform to be able to shift people so they have a better life so they can take their pain like I did and find some pieces out of it and make peace from their broken pieces.


So I never grew up thinking I just, And I also had a father. I had a daddy who doted on me. I'm a product of a street dude. And if anyone knows a street dude, the way they love their daughters when they're involved, your god, you're princess, your God is to them, you're a princess. Emini here. I didn't have man problems like that. And so I didn't, wasn't looking for a man outside to come validate me. So when I get in relationships till to this day, I'm still choosing the man. Did he acquire more in the future? No, he's still in the same place. So I made the right decision.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


What was the conversation that last conversation y'all had when you decided to leave him? And how did he react? You can Have the dog. That's what you said. Oh my God. Keep the dog. You don't keep the dog. No, he, he was in tears And I was in tears. We were sitting there crying and he said, he said, I knew it. I was a buffer for you. He said, I was a buffer for you. He said, I I just knew it. And he said, you're with me because you're too insecure to be with who you really wanna be with the type of guy, not a particular guy, but type of guy. Was he right? Was he right? A hundred percent right. I said, you're right, you're right. And as years went on, that was some of the best advice that I was able to acquire because I was able to work on myself.


And he was right. Because the type of man that I now date with that alpha is with that leadership, the space that he needs so he can even be with me, right. Is a different type of space, a different type of woman. So I had to shift, not change, shift some, a lot of things in me that had to do with insecurity because my mom being in her addiction, creating abandonment in me, I had attachment anxiety. And so when you're, you know, in order to have a man who's doing well, who's successful and he's, he's in his alpha, the healthy alpha, that man is moving and grooving. He's doing certain things. He don't have time for a woman with no damn attachment. Anxiety, meaning when he's making moves to better this household, when he's making moves to better this family, I gotta be able to be solid and vertical in myself and who I am and hold the house down.


Mm. I can't be insecure when he's traveling or doing things or we not, he's not right up under me. Yeah. I had to work through that attachment anxiety. Now I got that. Oh, I got a couple questions, right? Like one, one. I wanna know what is your definition of a High Value man? That's number one. And then two, what you said about attachment anxiety. Is it okay for the woman to feel insecure if she knows this man ain't really out here doing Oh, a hundred percent business. He out here. Really? That's called discernment. Okay. All right. Yeah. Call him out on that. And, and Emini here, transparency. What's up? I'm feeling some type of way. What's going on? What are you doing? I'm feeling this way. And I just think two respectful people who are choosing each other and not just the relationship are gonna have those conversations. And that's what those older couples who've been married 20, 30 years Mm.


Is teaching you. Right. How you have those conversations. And baby, when your man tell you he out here turning corners, he not really turning bills. How do you stick through that? How do you stay without losing your dignity? How do you still be to submit to this man cooking and cleaning and having sex, making love to this man without being disgusted at the fact that he's either stepped out emotionally, physically, or mentally. How do you keep that, how do you keep going? I was gonna act, that was gonna be my question too. That's what the older folks tell. They don't tell you how to be happy and be they telling you how to roll through and stick through some shit. That's what they teaching you. Well My grandfather was like, leave that bitch. You gonna tell my that? Yeah. He, because he, that's how I be like, back in the day that they, and he, he was still with, you know, my grandmother, but he just still was just like, man, like leave that bitch now because I would've left this bitch back in the day.


But then You wouldn't have me, me, I've been grandpa 'cause I've been leaving. But now, now I say I'm in my choosing stage and I'm really looking forward to staying. But it will be my first time utilizing a lot of my new tools. Not new meaning a year ago. But you, you new. 'cause I've been single six years of this attachment anxiety I've had to work through of what that looks like. So there's gonna be things in me that are new that inflaming trigger that I'm gonna have to have a hell of a man who's mature enough, emotionally intelligent enough to sit through certain conversations with me that are gonna be transparent. So, So what is a High Value man? Because I heard you referenced Cam as a High Value man with a low value, I guess just a low vibration, low function, low function low, very low functioning. So what is your definition of High Value? Because to me it just sounds like High Value to you is like superficial stuff.


High Value just means that your Yeah, it's pretty much like you're, you're making a lot of money. You have a lot of tangible things. Your High Value, your value Is High Value is high in your monetary value. Your value is high. Meaning, you know, you got a man who's making a hundred million dollars then he's High Value in women who are superficial. But I'm not knocking y'all sis Okay. Are very attracted to that. But again, are they choosing the man or are they choosing the value? The Value? Well some people are so poor, all they got is money. And So, you know what? Emini here And, and, and that goes to where this is gonna be a very, very unpopular opinion or very popular, but it's gonna cause a lot of controversy. I always say if you realize the most prettiest beautiful woman, many of them men have put a baby in them but ain't made a wife out of them.


And I go to the High Value men have put babies in them but ain't made a wife out of them because those women are choosing the value in them. And those men are choosing the low functionality in her. So that's a match made in heaven for them. Mm. Even though it, the fairytale ends at some point and everybody goes back to the drawing board and comes into my session and says, 'cause I, I can't now these I can't name. I have some very, very aless celebrity women who come in and say, I'm beautiful, I'm successful, I can have any man I want. I'm lonely as hell and I'm afraid that I'm gonna die alone. Yeah. But you have a child, you've been married to this alist, I'm not afraid of a-list big NBA player. Mm. And the relationship is now over and you feel like you gonna be alone because you never learned to cho choose anything of substance.


So you will hollow the whole time. So you are not afraid of being alone physically, you're afraid of being alone emotionally. 'cause you've been alone this whole time. So you don't even have a relationship with yourself anyway. So who you really don't wanna be with is you. So why should we Call those alone is about being with you. Damn. So why should we call those brothers High Value then? Because value, based on how I define it, is just money network. Like I'm a high valued woman, right? I have a, I have a multimillion dollar home. I, I come from the hood. Im from the hood to the hills. But I, I've accumulated a lot of value, right? I drive luxury cars. I have a certain lifestyle, but I would be low functioning if I preyed on men that I know I can use. Hmm. If I preyed on men that I know, I can say, eat, sleep, and poop me and shut up.


Or I go run amuck. Be in your beta. 'cause I said, so that's low functioning of me. High Value and high functioning would be, now I want a man who can stand on. He got, he's vertical because every human being is a hybrid. We're all high functioning and low functioning. So there's gonna be moments where I get in my low functioning and if I get in my low functioning And I start to say things that are emasculating to you, I don't want a low functioning man. I want you to say, baby, I don't talk to you like that. And I don't like when you talk to me like that, I'm not gonna leave you, but we gotta work on this. Mm. Because I'm not some nothing ass nigga. So what if you got, you know, And I love you And I respect you, so let's work through this. What if you got a High Value man, he got all the money. He might even be a alpha, but dig little and he trash in bed.


So then what? That's how I'm, because I'm just saying because he can't Then what? Because you ain't gonna, you ain't gonna let him talk to you in your old kinda way. What? Listen, fuck. Listen. You ain't gonna let him talk to you in old kind way. That's what I'm saying. He can be the outfit You got all I know you ain't let him talk to you in kind way. That mouth go crazy. Hey yo, if I had to choose between a little pieto, okay. In my Spanish speaking language, little pieto, little penis and a family hell of a good man take, gimme the little dick and a good man. There you go. Because remember I'm choosing the man. I'm not choosing these, these ornaments. And, And I know, and, and I'm, this is the thing. Men don't understand this.


A woman just needs a big dick when she don't know how to truly love and connect with you once we love you and connect with you. We love and we, when we love, we love, especially black women. When we love, we love Yeah. We'll figuring out how to work with that little thing. You got fingers and mouth. We got toys. Like we, when we love you, we love you. Yeah. And we figure out how to make it do what it do. You got women who are with men who got little penises and pay no bills. 'cause she love him. Now I, that's not doc approved. That's not, that's not doc approved. But I, so for me, I don't want, I'm not manifesting God the little pizza type thing. But I'm saying, you know, if, if it, yeah. And this is, this is probably gonna be TMI, but I always joke with my, with my best friend Lola and my sister And I always say, girl, I'm not the woman who needs a big old penis.


Me either. Greta, share her. Wait a minute, Jeff. But I said, why do God always send me The myth, the big char? Is this something you ain't never seen? Go like this. I'm to you. You right. You know what? You right. And I gotta be inclusive, But I want, I want I want to ask you about some, some internet rumors that I seen. You know, Cory Holcomb said some, some things about you about not having your degree and where you started off all as a, I guess working in the strip club. Is any of that stuff you said you're not a real doctor, you said? Yeah. You're not a real doctor. No. So I have four degrees, three are in psychology, one's in Pan-African studies.


My doctor degree is in counseling psychology. My master's in marriage and child therapy. All degrees are in psychology. Where this Cory Holcomb thing comes from is we did, I was on a show 10 years ago when I actually, I think it was before I even had my doctor degree. And Corey is used to being able to be very disrespectful to women and do his thing. Yeah. He was on the show with him or just, He was a guest on a show. I was co-hosting. Okay. He was a guest and I drilled his ass. Be honest, it's on YouTube. People could, you know, look at it. And I cut into him And I said, you seem like you, you are inferior to white men and you seem like you got daddy issues and you seem like you got mommy issues and you got kids that don't even talk to you or respect you, they don't like you.


It tells a lot about your character. Now this was 10 years ago. Okay. And obviously he still in his feminine 'cause he's still holding a grudge over it. You know, this is like interviews or interviews. So you're saying you do 'em and you move on to the next. And so was very upset. And I, And I felt like in that, in that space he was, y'all could watch it. He was dumbfounded. Like usually he comes back with the, you know, FUB or he has something to say or he is, you know, he got a mouth. He was really just like, you know, a deer with headlights. He was just like, oh my god. The, the, the, the interview per the person podcast we was on, everybody else was in there, was like, we've never seen Cory be this quiet. We've never seen anybody be able to respectfully check him in this way. After we were done with the interview, we went to take a big picture on the backsplash And I would walked up toward him.


You know, my personality, I'm very playful. I walked up and I'm like, let's take a picture. He wanted film the picture. 10 years later, I think he looked at it with his failed comedian career. 'cause he is been attempting his career for about 45 or so years with his failed comedian career. His failed marriage. And I'm not saying this to be mean, y'all can just research it. Christ And his failed parenting skills with his kids. 'cause none of those people deal with him. Yeah. I think he looked at it like there, there's, I get to kill two birds in one stone, which was smart. I get to humiliate her back in some kind of way, which it didn't work. And or I get to ride on her back because she's going viral. I don't have a career. I do, he doesn't have a career. So no, you gotta Good comedy career. He does stand up. He just stays in 51 50 of a big podcast and he does stand up Where he at?


What, where he be at. Thank you. We back. Go ahead. She got a good career. But anyways, we back. So the point is, I think that he did, And I, and this part I'm not knocking him for, he did what any to me career oriented business person was supposed to do. I see an opportunity, let me take it, let me create a narrative. But what happened was all it did was bring more attention, attention to damn Dr. Bryant. So all people did was research me more, which is what I wanted them to do. All people did was find out for themself. She is a real doctor. She has these degrees. She's been doing this for a long time. This woman started off from Teen mom a family reunion, which we were the biggest show on MTV. She not only was the on camera life coach doctor for that show, she co-produced it and developed the show.


So what happened was he brought attention to where people were able to go in and do what I want them to do, which was research more of me, get more background on me and say, Hey, let me make my own opinion about her. And again, you know, as my really good friend Shaquille O'Neal says, which is one of my, you know, we've become pretty much like best friends now. He's like, doc he's like, you know, he says as, I hate when he says this, but I love it. He goes, doc, trust from babies. Don't give attention to the ones who have nothing. He goes, so let the good and bad attention attention. Do what it does for you. Let it do what it does. That's right. And, and then, and I'm not a trust front baby, but what Shaq is saying is when you hear and they hear, all it does is magnify you.


Yeah. Right. The small dog has to stay in the small dog park. They're just not allowed in the big dog park. The big dogs can go to the small dog park and we dominate either way. Would you have a Conversation with Corey now? Like would you go on 51 50 or have 'em on truth talks Or something? I would not only because Cory's, and I'm only talking about this on here because when I did Nick and other interviews and Dish, dish, other, other places I've interviewed with who are also, you know, as big as Breakfast Club. Well who's bigger than Breakfast Club though? Y'all popping. But I also told them, I said, I'm not, I'm not gonna address him, period. I don't wanna bring any attention to him or give him the fme that he needs because again, Charlamagne, I hear what you're saying, but he has a total failed career.


A total failed, total failed career as a, as a comedian. Is he funny? There's some things he says yes that are funny. Has he made it to any place past a podcast of a group of men who agree with just a rhetoric. That's just a, a a, a very negative, distorted narrative of black people in general, especially women. Kevin Samuels spent only two years doing what Corey does and had a, a better career than Corey. Corey been doing it for 40, 50 years. He was at improv in LA and and can't even get a job there. So that doesn't go to his com comedic abilities. That goes to his lack of character. Nobody wanting to work with you. Yeah. You have gifts and you have professionalism.


You gotta have both to make it. Corey is just A broken person period. And I do feel like you need help. He needs help. Cory needs off camera. If Cory came to me and said, doc, let's do off camera sessions. 100%. 100%. If he wants to do it on camera, because it's just gonna be a rhetoric. I'm not doing that to help his career. I will help him as a man, but I'm not here to help him in his career. That's his job. I'm not here to carry a man that ain't mines or float to man, that ain't mines. But to help you with your mental health or help you as a person. He's an alcoholic. He drinks a lot. You know, he's, he's overcompensating those areas. Those are places he needs help with. Did you guys see what he looked like on Cam Newton interview? I'm not talking about looks meaning attractiveness.


Yeah. Do you see how unwell hygienically clean he looks, God damn. All right. Dr. Bryant. Lord lemme Say why. No, this ties into mental health. You know this, she's An assassin. Emini here the chop. But this is not tied to mental health. Right. I love it. You run, you run. You ran actually an amazing organized mental health expo. Thank you. It was Thank you. I was so honored and privileged to be there. There of it was amazing. But I wanna say thank you that we know that keeping up your hygiene is one of the number one symptoms to depression. The number one way you're able to see that somebody's depressed or in their addiction or overcompensating in addictive behaviors is how they keep themselves up.


That's how parents could look at their kids and be like, you're not bathing. Your hygiene is not up to par. What's going on? That man's hygiene was on negative 200. What I'm saying is he needs deeper help than me coming on 51 50. Yeah. To, to bring him a bigger audience. He can still do 51 50, but he needs to be able to 51 50 himself and get the help that he needs. Lord have mercy. Doc girl, I last right. Doc was talking, you was talking earlier about growing up in the wrong environment and you learn what not to do. And I think that is difficult for a a, a lot of parents Right. Because like I always say, my father raised me out of fear and not love because he didn't want me to make the same mistakes that he made.


Wow. Growing up in the, the same environment. Yeah. Right. So what would you say to, you know, parents who are, who are navigating that? Like who have kids? You're, you know, y'all are in, you're in, you're, they're in the same environment that you grew up in and you want them to get out of it, but you weren't even able to navigate through it yourself. Yeah. I I think that, again, seeking wise counsel, I think that therapy coaching should be a lifestyle. It shouldn't be something that someone does for preventative or inter intervention measures. And I think that parents need to just be 100 and transparent with their kids. I think they need to say, listen there, this is my first time doing you, raising you, knowing you. I've never, I've never known a, a 15-year-old you so I don't know what to do here.


You know what, Emini here, let's sit down and dialogue. Can you use some of your critical thinking skills? Do you have resources at your school? Help me help you. Let's do this. I think the transparency of it is what allows kids to be vertical in who they are. I think that handing them everything, problem solving for them and doing everything for them, especially men, it handicaps y'all. So when you have to be the head, you now have a mother who taught you how to be the neck. And then you wanna be mad at a woman who comes in and she has to be in her alpha because who the hell going to be the head to this thing? So I think it's about transparency And I think parents gotta stop having this mommy daddy guilt and stop feeling like they have to be this perfect parent. I think your kids seeing your vulnerability and your imperfections will actually aid them in ways more than them seeing your perfection.


You think kids are too soft? I think parents are too soft days and kids are too soft these days. Yeah. The the Bible says an undisciplined child's an unloved child. I think kids are feeling unloved because they're not being disciplined. So What, what is, what is too soft for you now? And and the reason I ask is, is like Charlemagne said, you know, there was certain things Emini here, my kids can't do it anyway. But there was certain things that you can do and you couldn't do. Right. And I, I run the household the same way. Right. But if you look at these kids now, a lot of them are a lot softer, a lot weaker, cry faster. You hear depression, you hear a lot of, of triggering words that I don't even think that they know what they're saying. They just see it because they see it on TV or they heard somebody say it online talk.


Yeah. But also people would say that the reason that these kids are like that because parents can't parent anymore. Because if they yell at their child, if they pop a child or if they do anything that their parents did to them except abuse, they'll be, you know, told on the school. And CCPs will be at their door. So listen, my grandmother whooped my ass And I called the police while I was down nine. She put one to one mm and told them when they got there, I whooped her ass. If you take me to jail, I'm gonna come home and I'm gonna beat her ass again. Dang. So whatever you gonna do, let's do it. And I would never take away her discipline that, that's how I know she loves. You know how, first of all, I'm not even a mama.


I'm the oldest of seven. I got about nine nieces and nephews. Do you know how much energy it takes? Well y'all have kids to got six discipline a child to watch them to see when they're doing right or wrong. Oh, I know. The love part is the, the, the time it takes to even watch to see what I'm doing to discipline me. So a lot of parents, to me this gentle parenting is just called lazy parenting. That means I'm not in the mood to parent. I got things I'm trying to do. I'm trying to figure my life out, or I'm a single parent I'm trying to date or I'm trying to get a sense of self so I don't even have time or energy to deal with discipline in you. I think that's more of what it's about and know it does not work. These kids have no guidance. They're a very lost generation. Yeah.


Emini here, I'm gonna go there. You look at the, the, the campaign this year, you know, all due respect to Si Kamala, she threw a concert And I like Meg, I like, I love Gorilla. She threw a concert with Meg and Gorilla thinking that that was going to move and influence our community to vote for her. You think that we're that low functioning, that you cannot talk politics to us and legislation to us for us to choose you based on leadership that we're gonna choose you based on who's dropping it like it's hot or who's bringing in a concert. I agree with that. I said that, you know, I would've rather just had Megan up there talking about women's rights and women to reproductive right the way, way the way Cardi did.


Cardi, I thought what card do fantastic and Card's, but Cardi been talking politics for, For years long time. She Just run serious about Cardi would come on the air with no wig, hair everywhere ain't really know she's talking about and be like, listen here, all that shit fucked up. And then we'll run a whole bill that she could just author and try to pull into legislation. So what I'm saying is this, this camp, this whole election showed you the level of where our kids are. And I'm like really? But it also showed you it didn't work. It didn't work. I Saw you said too that you comment on the fact that Kamala didn't come out that first night when she didn't win. Speak to that and speak to the comment. 'cause people were upset. Yeah. About Oh yeah.


Another unpopular opinion. I don't care. This is, she proved why the people, men and women who are not ready for a woman president are not ready for a woman president. Because society and some men not all deemed women as emotionally unstable and unable to regulate our emotions, sis when these, when you knew you weren't winning or weren't in the lead, and these kids, these babies, these adults were at a historical black university that you went to Howard waiting hours for you. They had volunteered. I'm sure they had a contributor and they probably voted for you and supported you this entire time. You couldn't come out and address the people who supported you.


That's proven to the people who don't believe women could lead at that level. That a woman can't regulate her emotions enough to come out and take an LI don't care if she would've came out in tears. Listen, I'm sorry we lost whatever that looks like. And his husband, listen I I'll give a little pushback on that 'cause Go ahead. Donald Trump never gave a concession speech. Hillary Clinton. Nor nor Would he even admit that he lost. Listen. And I'm not in s in support, I'm of Donald Trump, but Donald Trump didn't need to come out 'cause he never conceded. He also stood, stood 10 toes down and said y'all, which I'm not saying I agree with this. Y'all rigged it. I won. I'm not conceding he didn't, he still got the keys to the White House, But he didn't come to his people either.


When they, when that night he never came out night. That was when he lost to Joe Biden. He never came out that night. That's what I just said. Yeah. No, but she said he No, but she said he didn't concede literally, but didn't come out. But he didn't come out at all to speak to his people at all. That's what I just Said. But we're talking about Trump, who runs on being that type of person anyway, so his people never expected that. Just like when someone says, well Trump's a racist. He's running on that. Trump is talking about getting rid of D-U-I-D-E-I. He has said that to us. I get What you're saying. No, I get what you're Saying. But Kamala came out and showed us all this love and support after she said, I can't do just something for the black community, but the day that I get into office, I'm gonna sign my very first bill that's called Immigrant reform.


That's doing something for a group of people. Now I'm black and Hispanic, so I ain't got a problem against immigrants. But what I'm saying is, if you can't do something for one group of people, my love, that's one group of people and lemme move forward. But when you took the l let me add to that. Not only did you not come out, you sent a man to come out and address these people. Ridge you, he was fine too. You sent a man, isn't he? I don't know if he married, but that man was handsome. You sent a man to come out and address the people. You didn't even send another woman or black woman. This was a woman's moment. And that's what you made it black and women. You sent a man to do a woman's job.


And in my opinion that all that did was tell the folks who said woman can't lead. See, she sent a man out to, to, to do it and then came out the next day and said, okay, I'm gonna have this. That's not leadership. To me, leadership is, is commitment and commitment is doing what you said you would do, regards of how you feel. I don't care how you felt Kamala come out and address us. Those kids left what they had down. They weren't sad just 'cause she lost. They were sad because they were looking for who was still their leader, whether she lost or not, to come out and address those kids. That's wrong. That's just outta pocket. That's not leadership. And you gotta have a backbone. So Emini here either I still supported her, I voted for her, but I didn't see the leadership in her from the beginning.


But I was rooting for her. I wanted sis to show different. Yeah. But when she didn't show up for that, I said, this is it. That's it. You know, maybe I'll run in four years and, and I'll run black and women And I'll run all these ways. And I'm, you know, very lovingly criticizing Kamala for it. And, and, and maybe when I win, you know, y'all will say, well of course you came out Doc, because you won. He he is married too. I looked it up for you sis. Sorry. Did you know Nipsey Personally? Yeah, Emini here. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we grew up in la All right. Gotcha. Everyone, everyone in LA And that's how, you know, in LA we know each other. Yeah. Especially in the eighties. We're all eighties kids. I was gonna ask, when's the last time you apologized or last time you were wrong about something?


Do you remember? Mm. Good question. Envy It. Prob no, it probably, Probably was 1984. You know, it. No, it probably was to, to my best friend Lola and my assistant. We, we work so closely together. We're always together. And because I'm so comfortable with her, she gets all of my moving parts right. So she gets like the really good me. She gets like the bratty me. She gets the, what the fuck are you doing? You're moving too slow. Me. You know, she gets the thank you me. And then she gets to like, you know, I'm sorry. You're right. Yeah. That was a little brash or you know, so probably her to be honest with you. What about This to a man that, that you're dating when Hey never get an apology.


I ask you that though because you, you you are very strong in opinion and stuff like that. And I think men think that women that are structured like you don't know how to be accountable and don't know how to apologize. I'm very accountable. I do apologize. And that's why I said I want a man who will say with respect Emini here. He ain't about to just dominate, like shut your ass up tight. You know, he can be disrespectful, but I want a man who's like, hold on you outta pocket right now. You know? Like, we don't do that. Yeah. This is not what we do. And I like you strong, but this is not strong. This is disrespectful baby. But I want him to, to be able to know how to say it. And then I will be like, you know, even if it's not in that moment, I can process and be like, you know what? You're right. And I do, I will apologize. I will come to myself because I have the discipline of that self-talk of saying stop.


You know? Or I will say, listen, you've already apologized. You've done everything you could right now. It's not a you problem. I'm still trying to get out of my ego, so just give me 30 minutes because baby, you've apologized like you've done your job. And then I come around in 20, 30 minutes And I'm like, okay, I'm back. And I'm sorry too. That's awareness. That's accountability. I'm sorry too. And I, and the thing is, when you really want peace, and that's the thing about being single for so long though. You, You I can, yes. You find a, you figure it out, you Find a peace and a joy that when you do get in a relationship, It would make sense. And when you do get in a relationship though, you are really saying, let's deaden this, let's deaden this argument. Because see, I'm so used to being happy 'cause it's just me that I just wanna get to the cuddle part again.


I just wanna get to the happy part again. Yes. So what do we need to do just to be good and people who are so used to being in relationships with this circle dysfunction of argument, they leave that marriage and do the same thing that's Real. Have you ever got afraid that you're gonna get so used to that piece that you're not gonna wanna do nothing? Because I tell myself that all the time. Like I'm in such a good state, I don't want nothing to bother me. But people come a flaw. Char shut up Charlamagne hater. Well, he he's a hater. He's a hater. Well, no, because I have been, I have been serial, serial dating for the six years I've been single. So when I say single, it means I haven't been committed. Like committed. Yeah. But have I had like three months, six months relationships that went that long season and were exclusive and we're committed in that season. Yeah. Because I, I am very into exclusivity.


I, I don't like casual sex. And so I will accidentally go a year, year and a half celibate because I don't like the casualty of sex. Do you know what Emini here? And I, so yeah, no. So I'm dating like Emini here. Like I have someone that I spend time with now that I will go on dates with. We're not committed. So I'm still single. Right. But I'm a woman who I, I'm, I'm going, I'm gonna have a companion around. I love my companionship And I love a man's energy. That testosterone, that alpha energy is recharging for me. And it's not something that I would Just say like, oh, I could do without, no, I want it. I love it. And so I keep around what I want and when I decide to, I would choose that one person to be around for the long term.


Well, when does that decision happen for you then? Now I'm in my, I'm in my choosing stage. So it's gonna happen now. Like soon I'm in my choosing stage, but, but I'm not, I'm not desperate. So it's not like I'm, again, I'm not choosing just a high valued man. I would even take a man who's a little less value, meaning a little less income money. But I just love this man. He's my person. So you would take The bus driver? I don't, well only know because he's, he's away from me for too long. Yeah. And he's coming home with money that's not worth the value of the time. I'm not getting with you. What If he's a good man? I guess that's why I'm confused about what the High Value man thing. 'cause I'm like, I understand he got the bank, but what if he's just got a poor spirit? What if he got poor character? What if he's not willing to do the work on himself?


Like That's why I'll take little less value and higher functioning. Like I don't want High Value, low functioning. I'll take a little less value. Right. Because I do well on my own. Okay. Am I gonna take care of a man? No. Am I gonna spoil the hell out of him? Hell yeah, but I'm not gonna take care of you. Right. But will I go, will I take you on a trip? 'cause you mind. Yeah. Would I buy you a brand new car when you come home and this is the Lambo you want? Hell yeah. Oh, but are you going to be a man who is, is not submitting to me either, or can't be in your alpha or you ain't paying no bills or you're not respecting me. You're not coming to support my shows. You're not on my speaking tour? No, I'm not doing it with a man who's not doing those things. But do, do I need you to just take full care of me and then I still got my hand out? No, I'm submitting to you.


You're have in-house love and I'm not gonna deny that. Whatever I gotta do, I got you. I did that in relationships and that's why the men I've been with are the men I've dated also have always wanted to marry me because I'm a good woman. Right. I treat them good. I'm loving. But also because I'm not choosing a man just for their value. I want you to have money. I wanna go to mouth these, I want a trip. I want you to buy me a Birkin. Not because I want a Birkin, it's because I want it from you. Right. And so the Birkin or the Louisie or whatever the hell coming from you is what I place value in. And that's what makes me love the bag. That's what makes me love the iPhone. 'cause you bought the iPhone for me, right? Yeah. Right. So yeah. Yeah. Emini here. He yeah. So I would, And I would regular have a rather have a regular man who isn't in the limelight, who we both don't have to straddle this, this whole industry thing.


And he can go run a business or go be a corporate guy. He can come to my shows and we can go home and have intellectual pillow talk. I can go home and put my hair in a, in a bird's nest and walk around with sweats and a tank top and no brawl. You know what a bird's nest is? No. Oh, I definitely know what he's, he Just, oh wait, he uhuh Lauren do too. You know what? So you got the show Truth Talks. I Do Truth talks. Yes. Yes. Talked to us about That. Before we get Outta here, can you talk to, oh God got some to two talks. It is my new talk show. It's on Fox. It's Monday through Friday at 8:00 PM Congratulations. Why somebody give you a talk show? You good at talking or something? You Good? No, Not at all. Not at all. It's funny, sometimes The producers are like, doc, you know, give the other cohos time to talk.


I'm like, really? I'm like, I gotta do that. Yeah. But it's cool because we're pretty much, we're, we're a global news. We're a CNN that gives you the black voice, the black perspective. And we're bringing truth to everything news with culture twist to it. So we're, we're every night 8:00 PM Prime time. Love that. How Did follow you, Dr. Cheyenne? Follow me on underscore Dr. Bryant on Instagram, social media or you can go to dr bryant.co and that's dr bryant.co not.com. And then I'm on my speaking tour. So every weekend I am on the tour with tonight's conversation, but I'm also on my own speaking tour. So every weekend go to my, my website on my social media. You'll see that I'm with tonight's conversation for the rest of this year.


But I also have my own speaking tour in Chicago. We got Atlanta, we got la, we got London, we got Canada, we have Iowa. I'm like, who? I'm like, y'all like black people in Iowa. Iowa, right. That's how I be when I be on my comedy. So like who is in Wisconsin? Even if there's two people in Iowa who are black whose livestock can shift or change, I'm the doc is on her way gonna do it. The doc is on her way. We gonna do it? Yeah. That Dr. Shy and Brian, we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you Brian. Thoroughly stranger up Here. I, and thank y'all for having us, but no Charlamagne, seriously, thank you for being such a advocate with this whole mental health. It's not an event. You, you have a mental health movement going on. Thank you. When I came there, people Emini here to see black people, black men with like mental health for black people, black men for mental health.


Mental health is life's change. They had like merch with everything. Mental health, black. And even though it's for all races and all ages, your panelists there were just giving incredible information. People were sitting there intrigued, entertained. But more than that, people were leaving with gyms that they were really like, yo, this event is powerful. Thank you. I'm glad we could have you there. Amazing. So thank you for having that. And I, I needed you there. Like when we that you were like top of the list, I'm like, Dr. Bryan got to be there. Thank you you. So I'm happy that we can make that happen. Thank you. Thank you So much. Thank y for having me. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you. Wake that ass up in The Breakfast Club.