
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on the Really no really podcast is to Get the true answers to life's baffling Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Go to hell. Greased up like a first damn school black candy. And she's back. Ms. Paton here ladies and gentlemen. She didn't even know Introduction. She is came in fiery. Miss Patti said Good morning and season four to Miss Pat Show on BET plus. Welcome back. Hey Miss Pat. Thank You. Thanks Pat. Keeping the lights on at BET. You hear me? I don't know why y'all keep lying on me. Tyler Perry over there. I'm just over there sweeping the floor. Oh Yeah. I forget Tyler over there. Yeah, I Well Tyler and Ms. Pat. Well I Just say as Pat Sweep sweeping the floor, but I'm glad to be season four. I'm glad. Absolutely. How you feeling? I'm feeling great. I'm feeling great. I'm just doing TV and, and I'm doing a tour.


I'm starting my second theater tour called Hot and Flashy Go on sale tomorrow. Why is it flashy? What's the, why is it hot, flashy? Mind Your busy Because I'm grown. I'm asking question Ms. Pat, why is it hot and flashy? Because I'm hot and Flashy. Why is you Greased up like a condom by go your Head walking up Here looking like a walking walk here. You looking like a, a ddo. Why you looking like this? Oh My god. Yeah. You see his, why your hair Greased up like that A used ddo too? Huh? Are you, I don't do dildos, but keep talking. I don't need nothing fake but eyelashes and a wig.


What makes this show so successful, Ms. Pat? Because It's truthful. People can relate to it. Yeah, you know, it's the first time I, it's the first time somebody like me ever being on TV to say what real people were thinking. You know, we seen all the moms before who played mama who did great jobs, but you always say, that ain't my mom. Or that ain't how my aunt talk to me. And I think when they put my big crazy black behind on tv, I was able to, I gave the people a voice that never had a voice on TV before. So that's all. And that, and people come up and tell me all the time, the thing that we dig into, you know, we dig into child molestation, abortion, convicted felon, everything that real people go through in life or know somebody who went through in life.


So I think that's why people love the show. But it's a comedy. It is a don't you laugh. Well you probably don't watch it. Yeah, But you mean I do watch because I ain't sit here and tell y'all read your book. So don't lie me. I read your book too though. Yeah. I ain't read your, I read my own book one time 'cause they paid me them people Dogg my behind. Oh you read slow. I was getting paid hourly so I was not in, I Was going take all the time. I needed To read Hey them do and a and and It's your words Ms. Pat And I don't care. I was getting paid by the hour And I would take my time At that time.


That was the most I ever got paid by the hour. So you thought I was gonna read that thing fast. I didn't even rehearse and use the, I rehearsed to make sure I pronounce the words right. I said, would you pay me hour? Ooh, they're gonna be a long Week. Yep. So the fact that you visit all of those traumas on your show is, has it ever been anything like that's been very emotional for you to film Everything? It is very emotional. Dealing with Jordan E. Cooper. The first season we was gonna do an episode about my mama boyfriend touching us and my mama just turning away like, 'cause you know, predators come in and, and they groom the family. You know, they come in, they, they see what type of needs you got and what we needed. We needed a father figure.


We need somebody to help us grocery rent. And that predator came in and he did what he wanted to do with my sister and me. And when I got, when we told our mom, she just looked the other way. So Jordan, we wrote a whole episode in the first season and this is my first time ever being on tv. I'm like, oh, I don't think I'm ready to visit that. So we visiting the second season, which broke me all the way down because I was already dealing with a lot of trauma from my kids' father who, I was 12, he was 22 married, shot me. So we was dealing, we was telling all those stories then you want me to tell the child molestation story on top? But I was like, we gotta back some of this up before I have to go to counseling. So we took that out. We did it in the second season, second, second season. Which, which, which was great.


Jordan said there's a healing that happened this season. What do you mean by that? You said there's a healing that his exact quote was, there's a healing that's going on in front of the lens. It was, I dealt with my mom because my mom used to say really bad things to me. My, I, you know, I'm lighter skinned, my sister's darker skinned. But to me, my sister always been way more cuter than I was. My sister had long, curly hair. She was just beautiful. She on crack now. But Jesus Christ that Cracked her ass. She was beautiful. A long, nice hair, crack, crack. She ain't doing too good now.


I was doing that Pretty bad. I, So Jesus. So my mama used to say ugly things to me. 'cause I, I had acne really bad and she would always talk about how ugly my skin was. And I'm 52 And I still can hear my mom and my, my mind saying bad things to me. So I think that's one of the reason why I worked so hard in life is because the things that my mama said to me. So we did a whole episode where my mom come back as a ghost and she, and she, what she put on me, she want me to put on my kids because her mom put on her. So there in the, in the episode you see me break a generation of curse and at the end I broke down And I remember fighting And I said, Jordan, don't push me down.


Don't push me down. And at and and at the end I just broke down crying. And I just, just remember saying, I hate this bitch. Mm damn. All of that came back up. Yeah. All of that. Because you know, I never went to counseling and I've been through some stuff so to deal with what I've been through, you know, And I told somebody just the other day, I said my mom, my sister dealt with what we went through doing drugs and alcohol. I deal by just shutting the door on it. Well if you shut that door on it one day, that door gonna open back up. Yeah. And all what you had behind that door is gonna eventually flow out. So when I got to Miss Pat show and started telling Joy in my life, he just keep bringing all of this stuff out. But it is a healing because it's stuff I never talked about. Oh. I never really dealt with.


So I think I healed along with the audience. We think there was other ways that you, like you coped. Like I know you said your sister did drugs. Did you do anything else? Like Yeah, I ate, look at me. Chick-fil-A, he was waiting on me to say I was fat. He knew that every Time I come in here Was not to me. I'm not, No wait, I'm gonna come here next time fat and Next time fat. When you come to my house, I'm gonna be fat. No it's not. That is not true. Yeah. I ain't, I tried on Zippy, it gave me gall star. Did you, did you hear Shalam when they was attacking him about the big Back back comment? Yeah, she texted me. I forgot it was something he texted you. What'd you text him? Yeah, it was funny.


It was people so sensitive. Emini here if you fat I am, I'm fat. I'm, I think I'm beautiful. And they, And I tag Me all the time. And I, She's beautiful. That's you meant right. And they, They attack me all the time And I tell 'em, I say, Hey, you going to clock in at somebody's job. My husband is sucking my titties. So that means I don't have to go to work today. Damn, damn, damn right. My assistant forever erasing what people, what I'm saying don't talk to me. 'cause I'm not Beyonce. I'm gonna talk back because I be reading these comments don't be, don't be playing with me so leave me alone. They call me fast. I said that's all you could say. But you going to clock in. I'm doing what I love. So who miserable? You or me? And I'm gonna tell your boss, you still in that chicken.


I ran outta brown, ran Outta Oh, I know your mouth was watering when you said You I cannot stand Charlemagne. Oh my God. When did you find it? Feel it comfortable where you could talk about all these stories? 'cause some of these stories you'd be like, damn. Yeah, you don't know if you wanna laugh with you or you wanna cry, Just be sad the whole episode. You know, I do it like my comedy, I'm just an open book. I'm not ashamed of nothing. I've talk, I I've been through, you know I was on stage last week Emini here the other night And I was like, oh yeah, I had crabs gonna run fleas. Everybody like what? And so I was talking about the whole thing about young girls shaving their vagina. Well I'm 52. Nobody your mama and and your momma and me. We didn't shave our vagina. No, that's true.


Unless we had crabs. A gunna re She said no, that's true. I was born in 1978. I I the first point ohs I saw had bush. Yes. The Playboy magazine had bush in them And they only shaved them if they had crabs. But now everybody just walking around with a bird vagina. So I don't get it. So A bird vagina, Just a bald head Coochie. It look like a bird. Mine look like a beep if I, I haven't seen it 'cause I got a flap in the front Yo. When I put a mirror down there and it don't fog up, it look like a little bird. Oh my goodness. So I don't do that. Oh, you having fun? You know what? Life is great. My husband is retired.


I just moved into my house about time. Time when How did you Finish? I finished it. Okay. It took two and a half years. 'cause I was too cheap to hire a contractor. You was your old contractor. Oh, you your husband. I was my old Contracting time. I was watching you. I, I it's, I like 15,000 square feet. Okay. Amazing. I to up some stuff, put some stuff back in there. I'm a DIY And I keep telling these people you need to give me a DIY show. 'cause that's what I like to do. That's what I used to do before when I, when I immediately stopped stealing, I started doing DIY And I love it. So I built this house. My husband thought I was crazy. I know you went over budget 'cause you was there everywhere. Wasn't no budget. No. Okay. Alright. Wasn't no budget. It wasn't no Budget. When you see DIY though, you said like, what else do you like to do?


What you say? Just houses. I used, I used to do like furniture. Okay. Paint stuff. Decorate. I like to do all of that. Oh yeah. But mine's mostly like building. I like to see a house. Like my, my, I did my nephew house And I, he bought a flip and then once you moved in the flip you realize all the problem. I said well look, I had all this stuff for the house I was building. So look, let me do your house over I to his house up from the root to the two and put it back. Mm. And it's cute. You Ain't got time for all of that though, miss Pat. I do. I really do. I still do it. I still do. I'm doing somebody else's house right now and getting ready to do somebody else's house right now. Well how You do tour? You do tv. You, you are a construction worker. Emini Here. Construction, goddamn damn. How do you balance that and still be able to be a wife, a mom, like all of that?


I've been married 30 something years. So when you've been married 30 something years, you just really dealt with somebody that you know to watch TV with. So when I come home, Emini here, look, I'm, I'm at, I'm at the point I was just telling somebody, I'm at the point where I just told my husband we can no longer sleep in the same bedroom. Why? Because I'm tired of sharing toilets with him. I'm tired of sharing a bed with him. He snore. He's on no pic. He ain't losing nothing but air. So I just wanna be by myself. How do he take care? Why y'all wasting all this pic between and your husband, you said it don't work for you. You said it work for Him. It didn't work for me. 'cause I like to eat. I don't want nobody cutting off my appetite. Oh, So you can't eat with It? Oh it don't let you eat.


You really tried it for real. Yeah, but I got gallstones immediately after. So I stopped. You stopped. Damn. Damn. My gallbladder. I don't think it made my gallbladder went bad. Yeah. I think the fried food over the years shut my gallbladder down. Yeah. So I had my gallbladder removed And I just kept going. But my husband lost like probably about 40, 50 pounds on him. Wow. So what did your husband say when you said no, you no longer wanna be in the same room with him? He good. We be FaceTiming each other. I'm not real. 50,000 square feet. Damn. Right. Right. Well he, he just on one side. On another, sir. So his bed haven't arrived to the new house yet. So we'll see how that works. See how that works. Well we definitely got sep separate toilets. I'm tired of sharing a toilet with somebody.


I'm just, I can't, I cannot. I'm I'm, I just want peace. That's all I want. I gotcha. You going, y'all going eventually get there. You going eventually get there. And that works For both of y'all. You and Him. I don't know if it worked for him yet. That's because I think he think I'm BSing Playing. You just need breaks from each other every now and then. Well, I go on the road every week. My husband's a retired. He just take care of the house. So I think he, I think we get enough breaks up. I been gone since last week so he won't see me until Monday or Monday next week. Monday. Does He check on you? At least We talk every day. I get up. Okay. You know I have a routine that I've always had because of, it's the same drug dealing mentality that I got. I always wake up early in the morning. I don to sell drugs anymore. But the first person I call is my husband because I know my dad's gonna get busy and sometime I'm on the other side of The World And I, I just wake him up every morning at six o'clock this time.


Damn. And we'll talk for an hour or two And then I know I talk to my husband. Yeah You used to, you was waking up to do radio. But what happened? They quiet me. They, they quiet. You Fired me before I could quit. Dang. Oh damn. Damn. I knew that was coming from this one here. Yeah. You know I told, I told them, I said I'm gonna leave in August and before August could get there, I was blown away. I never thought I was gonna get fired from that job. I just knew. So you had no idea? No we, me and Shail didn't have no idea. No idea at all. I just knew they was gonna renew her contract And I was gonna go and buy my business because I was never there And I could never be there. But that's what happened when you worked with a hater.


And I'm just gonna go on and say I don't even care 'cause that can't about whoop my ass. Who was the hater? You know who the hater is? Tigger. Tigger's the biggest damn hater. Emini here. Just Emini here. You had a good show and you messed it up because of your ego. And I think it's because I was coming there and saying I know it 'cause I didn't care. I said look, I don't need this job. I work here. Then my husband check, I ain't never spent a check up here. I'm working for my husband a check. I ain't never seen, I ain't never spent a V 1 0 3. Check this. This is my husband check and it is, you know when you work with somebody who, it's just jealousy to me. It was jealousy. Really. I'm just gonna go put it out there and if you call me we can fight in the street. Cut. It was, it was, it was, it was jealousy.


I bought a gwa, your truck called more than both of my cars. I said well buy you another car so we could be equal. Damn It. Thank you. Damn Miss Pat. So yeah, shit, I like that. Yeah you know you then you I And I, another thing was is that we was all equal so you couldn't talk down to nobody and you weren't gonna talk down to me. No way. 'cause I would've whooped you. Like hey, back in the day when I went back on section eight, I used to always want to get fired so my rent can go back down to free. So I didn't give a Crap but I, I was, I was really when they walked me in now and they said we are not renewing your contract. 'cause I said I was leaving in August. I was so shocked. I said y'all going fight me. Wow. Do you know these people get up to listen to me.


Don't nobody listen to this crap. Ms. Pat gotta hit podcast. His TV Show hit TV show. Yeah. And you gonna fight a person who had the most going on with you, me and Shail. You, you Gonna lead a dj. You want the DJ just to spin records ticket At least reach out to you and say thank you For I blocked that nickel. Damn. He sure did. Happy. I said don't you, I'm not shail you don't play with me. Emini here. You know Shail was nice. I think she still talk to him or whatever. She's nice 'cause I still talk to her all the time. But I'm not, I'm no you don't. You get one time to play with me. I'm 52 years old, I don't have time to play these game with you. You low down, you're dirty. And anybody who go over there and work for him and the show ain't doing the show was doing well when I got they they number 15 when I left we were two and three.


Mm. You gonna fire us Nigga. You shoulda got fired a long time ago. But keep your little show 'cause I ain't never needed it anyway. My, my, my team was like, why are you going over there and work for that old dead ass station? I said I wanna work for V 1 0 3. I'm from Atlanta. I wanna work for V 1 0 3. No made me wake up and take unnecessary baths. You know I get up and take a Take. Damn. Ain't gonna lie. I knew it wasn't gonna work. Why when you came and did the week here, Ms. Pat came, got five, Ms. Pat came and did a week here and that's competition.


And she was only supposed to come here for one day. It ain't competition. No it Was competition. You Was in my city. You, because I listen to, I listen to y'all every morning now and well you got me fired. Got Got fired. That's Got 96 1 out there. Oh my god. When I got back on, hell broke a loose. Oh my God. You was only, you did the, what is that report Y'all do The rumor report. The rumor report. You did the rumor report. I said what the hell is the rumor report? I ain't did no rumor report. They pull up The tape. I said that's the rumor report. I thought I was just up there talking. I Said they just told me to set in on this. You know that was the rumor Report. But they gotta understand you a star right outside of radio. But you was Promoting her show at the time.


I was promoting my show. The show just came back yet And I was promoting my show and I'm all, and and you know, he would say, well the the show. I said, this show says your name. It does not say my name. So I worry about keeping the Miss Pat show on. That's where I make my money at. I don't make no money here. Emini here. I made money there, but it was for my husband. That was, I did that because I liked doing it. Yeah. And then you gonna tell me not to go on one of the biggest shows to promote my show? To promote my, I I said I told him this. I said it really didn't hurt you. 'cause people would've liked me and probably would've came over there, listened to us in the morning. You stupid fool. And it's not like you wasn't shouting them out. It's not like we say, Hey don't shout out your radio show Miss Pat. Yeah. But it was, it was a jealousy.


You at the competition. I ain't with I don't compete. I'm fat. I came over here to tell people to watch a Miss Pat show. I Don't compete. I eat. Tell 'em Miss Pat. Oh My God. Hit me boy. You of them rappers wanna whoop your ass. Well I'm a comedian. Gonna have to get him. Yeah, Just I wish you wasn't pregnant so we could jump on You. You wouldn't wanna do your own show though, miss Pat. I would wanna do my own show. Pat. Pat Need her own morning show if she wanna get up the, she got afternoon. I'm a morning, I'm a morning person. Okay. I'm, I'm asleep by 6 35 if I'm just at home. But I do, I I did, I learned a lot over there And I really liked doing radio. But you know, it is what it is. They, they let me go.


They acquired me. But it was day loss. Yeah it was, it was day loss. I got a fourth season. I got season two of the Miss patos. Yep. I got other things going on. Shail became a housewife. I said, well she got that housewife. I said, Ooh, I know you nigga sick now you got rid of everybody who could have brought somebody to that dead ass Station. Yeah. So Miss Pat would've been on her fourth season and Shamir would've been the housewife right now on the morning. And I'm the second season of the Miss Pat settle. Yep. Wow. I just finished taping it now. What was the craziest thing you've seen on that show? Yeah, Ms. Pass settles it. These people crazy. And I don't know if y'all know, but some them cases be real. They be real. I was gonna to say, are you a real judge? No, I'm a convicted felon is. Oh yeah, no I'm acting. But those are real cases.


See A lot of people asking you comments like I think she a real judge. I think she is a real judge. Nah, I'm a I'm a convicted felon. I'm just, I'm just Trump could be president. Be. Yeah, that's right. That's what I said when they asked me when when I pitched this idea of the BET and they said you do it. I'm like, but I'm a convict the felon. And they was like, it's tv. I said, well why not? Right. The crazy case I seen on the second season when I asked these two women got in the fed. Her name was Sheha and they was in the feds. And I said, what was you in jail for? She said, dope. I said, Damn dope. This Woman was scared the hell outta me. You mean used to be a dope Heller. But this lady came in on nine nine baby. She was about, she was ready to whoop her friend behind and everything.


It was crazy. Fight Of what? Dope. No, she had, she had did some work for her and the friend didn't wanna pair. Mm. And Shehe stand by four feet tall about 80 pounds. But she one of them people who would fight and baby and the friend would mild manner and quiet. You know, don't, don't want no don't want no smoke. It it was hilarious. I said, y'all put her in the commercial. Dope. Dope. And what's up with the crack babies? Cartoon Crack baby cartoon. Hey, I Thought you had a crack baby Cartoon. I'm still working on it. You know how some places are just slow. I got other things I'm working on like building houses. Yeah. Yeah. I just sold a another show. So keep your finger crossed. Hopefully they get get get on up there. But I just sold another show.


So we're working What you talking about on the hot and flashy talk? Like what's the content about Just being a grown ass woman being married life, the things that I go through, you know, you know one thing I learned about being in a different tax bracket that didn't nobody tell me, talk to me that you have to give the government half the money that you made. Yeah. That and the government ain't never wrote no joke for me. Ain't I don know them? You know what's crazy? I call the IS and I'm telling all my family members to see if I can get a a, a cut a discount. You Gonna start snitching on them? Hell yeah. Wouldn't you Emini here, you know how many of my cousins that filed taxes for kids? That ain't they kids Of course. Won't that help us? You just want a couple percentage of points off instead of taking half to take 40%.


You tell some people I know where dead body is. Did You do


the new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And Together on the really no really podcast, our Mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why they Refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Will Space junk block your cell signal? The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus as Tom Cruise really do his own stunts, his stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what he's doing. How are you too? Hello? My friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Real. No really sir. Bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening Really. No really? Yeah. Really. No. Really go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead it's Called Really? No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app on Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The PPP loans in 20, I didn't do no PPP loans. Thank God I didn't. I don't. First of all, nothing is free in this world. I already know that 'cause I used to steal. So if, if somebody giving you something free it is, it's to put you on a hook. And everybody I seen get them PPP loan. Now they out of the trillions of dollars now they going to the a hundred thousand and the Million Dollar people. That's right. I'm not, I I don I told, I told everybody don't take those loans. I'm okay. I went home and paint my whole basement during the pandemic yourself. Really? I sure did. Did floors and then ended up the show got picked up in our second season. We moved back to Atlanta. I wasn't taking no money. I don't take no free money. Ain't nothing free in this world. That's right.


What made you get into the DIY so much? Like what, when did you first start? Just My husband used to do, my husband used to work at Simmons Mattress, then he went and started building houses and so we, I bought my house that I was, I was on section eight for like 10 years And I lied like everybody else do. And I got a husband And I ain't tell the truth. And I think my sister them were reporting me so they took my section eight go to hell go to hell and they cut my food stamps off. So, so my rent went from zero. The lady said, well I, I take just pay the mortgage was 600. So she was getting older and she said Look, you really need to buy this house for me and my husband. I ain't buying this ed house.


I said I think the house got some good bones. So I bought the house. We bought the house And I still own the house over there in Hawthorne Drive in Atlanta, Georgia. Wow. And I just tore that house. I tore it up And I said I want a bigger bedroom. So I hired a architect. That's when the housing market fell the first time, like in the early 2000 And I just 2008 right. 2000. The housing market fell And I hired a architect 'cause all them was laid off and he charged me like $2,000 to draw the back of my house. And I just had got my husband boss, he was doing house at the time and he did it and we did the rest. Wow. So so you rent the house out now in Hawthorne? I do rent the house out for too cheap, damn cheap. I didn't even, I lived in Indiana for 15 years And I was, the rent was $800 and my friend say, do you know what rent costs in Atlanta?


And I'm like, no. For 15 years I rented my house out for eight. You went in Atlanta? Never hundred square feet. That person never left. Probably they still there. They gonna be there for 80 years. That price I went up a little bit, but I look at it like this. I'm not trying to make a big profit. They, they take really good care of my house. So I'd rather have them in there taking really good care of my house than to be trying to rob 'em blind. That's right. So they been there now for about 14 years. Wow. 13, 14 years. Not even a thousand though. I, I did, I raised it a little bit. Okay. I, I raised it a little bit but you know, I don't need the money. I just need the mortgage pay. Right. And what they have done over the years, they've paid the mortgage.


I Emini here. They, they, they really great tenants. I think I'm a great landlord. I go over there and do what I'm supposed to do every year without them asking. I kinda wish they would move so I can remodel it, but I ain't gonna complain. Yeah. Is is it true that you never wanted to be famous? 'cause 'cause your mom used to always tell you that you wasn't gonna be shit. Yeah, it was, fame was something And I don't consider myself famous now I consider myself with a lot of jobs. Mm. Because you know, I don it's just, it is the way my mama beat me down. She always said I wasn't good enough. She always said I wasn't shit. So in my head I never saw myself like other people. And, and my husband told me, he said, that's why you don't want to do a lot of things because I was scared to get out there.


I wanted to make the money but I didn't wanna be up front. And then when I got this TV show, it really put me out there and it, I didn't even know I was shy. Like if you want to take a picture with me, I'll do it. But then I'd be like, why? I used to always ask myself why and people would come up to me and be like, oh Miss pay you so great, you telling my story? And I'm like, no, I'm telling my story. So if fame is something I had to get used to, like I don't go to the black Walmarts 'cause they won't leave me the fuck alone. So I try to go way out in the white neighborhood. 'cause white people, they treat fame different. What's up Miss Pat? Black people. Oh. Shaking on you. Pulling on your, we get your hands on me. Ain't nobody shaking You. Fuck you And keep that what you mean?


I said ain't nobody shaking Somebody. Ain't nobody. You think I ain't shakeable I ain't, I ain't Gonna take, I'm gonna take one of my boos out and drop 'em on your head and break your damn neck. What's wrong with it man? Vince? Oh man. You know it to me all morning. That's why I'm glad when you come up here, listen you and just got my back. I love it. How is it at BET? Huh? How is it at BETI Love BET. I do. I really do. I'm being honest. I I, you know what I, when I first went in my, the, my hustle versus what they were used to doing was different. Right. But since I'm the, it is my show, I Just say, Hey y'all, if we can work together, this is what I would like to be done.


And so we, I've been over there four years now. So we work together and they, and they know what Ms. Pat want. You know, one of the things that tripped me out the first season, whatever they did for one show, they did for every show. Mm. And I said, Uhuh, let me talk to you. I can't stand alone if all of us gonna do the same promo. Yeah. Right. So I was, I started coming up with ideas. I started talking to the promo team or me and Jordan started coming up. Ways to make all shows stand out. Right. And lemme Just say that this is our best season ever. I don't know why we, why it took four season to really get in for black people and other people to really get on it. But this season has, this is our most watched season ever. Wow. Congrats. We kicked nothing but ass. But You dug it out a lot though yourself though.


Like you have done what you had to do. Like most of the time where I see you or I run into you or if I see you on the red carpet or even if you hit me in the dm, this is not because BET said it, you do it. Yeah. Yeah. And, and that's the the biggest thing and you've been doing it from the beginning. And that's what I tell people who come over there. I say hey, you know they, everybody got only so much promotional money to apply and BET is not CBS. So I just use my, my my street knowledge And I say, you know what, give me this. You don't wanna give it. I'm gonna spend my own money. I spent a lot of my own money. I hired a PR person, Emini here. I, I hire, I hire everything I needed. And people like, oh they BET give her some of promotion. They do gimme promotion. But when you see me doing certain things, a lot of it, it time it's just, it is me outta my pocket.


Yeah. I don't, I didn't wait to BET get me on late now I hired me a PR person late night didn't even want me. I but this lady Pam who I hired, she just kept, y'all gotta take her. Y'all gotta take her. Y'all gotta take her. And I ended up in the right place And I ended up getting same thing with you guys. First time I asked to come over here the note back was she ain't famous enough. Who is she? Who said that? Shut your ass up. You said that. I ain't said that. And then I run into him at a Lee Daniel party and Elite Daniel introduce her and a Diddy party. Diddy. Oh I Did party did party. Yeah he been to a Diddy party. Ain't never been to no Diddy party ever in my life. Why is everybody denying Diddy parties Diddy through nice parties. I never went. That don't mean you got taken in a room. That don't mean somebody touch you that just mean you was at a Diddy party.


Emini here everybody act like if you go to a Diddy party you had to do something to did it to be at the Party. I never went. I don't know. But you probably did go. But don't deny now. I've never been to a Diddy party. You never got invited to. You look like you went to. You don't Invite me. No way. You Over there grease though. Didn't know I'm gonna tell The let fuck Me in ass and not tell. Yeah I think you would let somebody fuck you in ass and not tell then. Oh my. That is not funny. What Did you have to do to keep that Wendy Williams Job?


I've heard a few Things. You Pick the plastic titties you wanna keep digging At Me. What you had to do is keep that because that what, that's what Pop Charlemagne in The World. That is true. So you Emini here wasn't a Diddy party But tell us what you did. You ready take one for the team. I'm Telling your wife this gonna get us off. Medicaid Gonna get us off Medicaid. Yo look at him laughing. Oh my god. You Know I'm telling the truth. Then all of a sudden She let you go.


She let you go and every save you no more plastic tit to pick you. The reason why she got dementia Man, cut it down. She had Get that too. What is it? Man that is funny as shit. He start claiming dementia yo. Huh? What what if did he start claiming He battled? That might be the way He battled because he look is joining you on this story. Pat is wild At me And I ain't one to say that to him before but you know be out there saying stuff and I've seen it but I ain't never walked in.


But he gonna keep on calling me fat. Swear not call you fat one time. That's How much you eat. You know. Can't nobody shake you? You don't think I see all the little Ds? Oh He act like I was, he act like when he first met me I was one 10. All of a sudden I blew up from steroids or some shit. I been fat. But no, I've been fat since I had that first Baby. But nobody ever said Ms. Pat wasn't famous to come up here. Nobody said that. Yes you did. Yes you did. Y'all because I asked. I asked and then, And I, the, the answer was no. I I saw you at that Lee Daniel thing. Yeah. And Lee Daniel introduced you like, yeah come on the show. And I'm like, And I, my my, my thing was I, because y'all didn't know me, y'all wasn't really familiar. And I said I'm gonna walk you here.


I Read Rabbit. You read Rabbit after we sent it to you after you let me know. Yes. So I had, all I had was a book. I really didn't have no show or anything. And I said you ain't gonna never fucking forget me because I was mad. 'cause I tried several times to get on here. I'm glad I'm on here now. But the publicist are lying and say that though. The publicist, if they do reach out, I ain't Have no publicist at the time I could afford. Now all I had you do, they Was talking to Hmm manager. I don't know who it was back then. Yeah, Nobody said that though, did you? If they did No you Said it because you didn't even know me. I'm sure they did. Thank you. But I don't remember nobody asking about Ms. Pat When Ms. Pat came, Ms Pat came so early, she was introducing her story for the first time to us. And we were like in a amazing, but I had Red Rabbit already.


The first time you came here I had Red Rabbit. I think you came with your, you came with your daughter at the time Too. My daughter. Oh yeah, Your, yeah that was the first time she told the story and then it just started going from there for Miss Pat. Yeah Because y'all said no 'cause I think it wasn't. Yeah 'cause I thought you didn't like me 'cause you were going to catch a flight and then you kept turning around you like I'm gonna miss my damn flight. Yeah. Yeah. It was just me and you. You no Angel. He was there too. No, he left the first time. Damn. The second time I came back he was there. You had to get Well I'm glad I had read the book. He ain't read that damn book. I did read the book. That's so much in that book. I remember to this day because I was sitting there reading like damn this woman done been through a lot. Yeah we Just said you been through a Lot. Yeah. Your nipple shot off. Yes I did. Damn. Sold dope. I sold a lot of dope. And Then I think a year later I seen you the BET awards, the the red carpet you ET awards and they, and this is how crazy it was.


BET didn't even know who Ms. Pat was. The show was so early And I called me, I called you over remember? Yep. Yeah. I even knew the story because your show Fox had picked it up. Fox, it was Fox Show Then it was Hulu. Hulu shot the pilot And then BET ended up grabbing It. Bt got it out the vault 'cause they threw it in the vault. When I said, when I called my son a nigga, that white man said Uhuh Mm no we ain't gonna be able to do that. I said it's just like calling your kids a school shooter. White people. Damn. Damn. They threw it in the vault and then BET came and got it and we've been popping ever since. Well we love you Miss Pat. I love you. How can you not love Ms. Pat? We support you for anything that you do. We support you. We appreciate you. I Do love you Miss Pat. I'll fuck with you heavy. We love Pat. You know what he do? He he will text back.


He used to then text back. That Is not true. You, you famous as fuck. What You mean Ms. Port, Ms. Pat called check up on me. She birthdays, holidays. Just make sure I'm all right. Emini Here. I forgot to tell you. Happy father. Happy Father Day envy you. I forgot. Text you yesterday. Thank you. Happy Father Day ni Thank you Miss Pat. Happy Fathers Day to you too. Well fuck you little dip in the top of your head. Yeah. Is that from Wendy? He could never leave you alone. Y'all, Yo. Oh my God. I love, I I thank y'all. I thank Y'all all Man. That is gonna be, that headline gonna be so funny. Miss Pat accuses Wendy Williams. What?


Oh man, take that back. Don't put that out there. I voluntarily raped. He wanted it. Yeah, that was his first radio job. Was it? Yes it was. No, I did, I worked in South Carolina. Yeah, That don't count. Nobody listen shit in no South Carolina. I hold on four stations in South Carolina. Boy please. The rats in New York was more famous than you. You had to do what you had to do. And Big Foot was, I ain't never had to do none of that. Oh My God. Have you ever seen the picture of, of Him Naked with No, Not him Naked Wendy.


Oh of Wendy Williams sitting in the throne. I ain't no picture of Me naked. And Charla ain't sitting on her lap. No. You never seen that picture? Yeah. What picture of me Naked. That's Why you in that throne now, ain't it? I'm about to get out of it. My back hurt. What you had to do to how much, how much you make over that? Because I know you made a Lot. I worked for free for a year and a half. That what you thought? Oh, you Showed the picture? Show the picture. Let Me see. You was sending Whitney Lap. Look. Come on now. Ooh, You going tell me this ain't but Partners. That woman is sick. Ms. Pat, I know of you. She she erased her own memory.


S Right. Y'all gonna get me trouble Ladies and Pat Pat Show on B tpl. Check it out. And again Miss Pat, we love you. Thank you. Make sure y'all go to miss pat comedy.com for all the tickets. I'm in your town this weekend. South Carolina. What part where? Green Greensboro, green Greensville, North Carolina, Greenville, Greenboro, North Carolina. Just say okay, I just left Greenville so I'm going to North Carolina. North Carolina Green Greensboro. Make sure y'all get y'all tickets this weekend. Only one show left. Alright. We gotta go see Miss Patman. Absolutely. When you gonna be close to this area? I'm going on tour with Martin. I don don't know if I'm coming to New York, but I'm, I'm doing a, I'm doing like 10 dates with Martin. I think they're doing the Barlay. I think they're doing the Barlay. I thought I saw, I don't know if I'm on that show. Ain't you on a tour with Martin too?


Yeah, so I I don't know where I'm going. Oh okay. Yeah, go to miss pat.com. What is it Miss, miss Pat go to go to comedian miss pat.com Make sure y'all keep streaming season four, the Miss Pac show so I can get season five. There you go. Absolutely. That's right. Alright, take for my pool. But it's The Breakfast Club is Miss Ley. This and gentlemen wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together our mission On the really no really podcast is To get the true answers to life's baffling Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast Follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.