
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. Based on the inspirational true Story. Damn proud of you, y'all Golden girl. It's a knockout crowd. Pleaser. The whole family can agree on my baby. Going To the limit To this generation's Rocky. Can't Nobody beat me. You'll stand up and cheat. Where? Go. It's one of the best movies of the year. He represent out there. Who? I would do it at Flint. The fire inside based on incredible true story with PG 13. Inappropriate for children under 13 Now playing only in theaters.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. We Go morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building Because today is national co-parenting day period. So we had to bring in a man who, I feel like him and Jess have one of the best co-parenting relationships I've ever seen. That's right. Rome is here. Rome is here. What's Rome? I in trouble already. Rome. Cause you you got in tune already. I got in trouble. Causing you already. Wow. What happened? Just say, I wanna know who gave Rome some liquor this morning. And I was like, I ain't give it to him. I just told him where the bar was And I said, you said help yourself. Help yourself. Yeah. That's fine. Mm.


And you said it was, you said it was apple juice And I was about to take a sip And I was like, Uhuh. It was not, you already knew it wasn't apple juice. Mm. I just ain't Thank you. Was gonna pick the cup up. Okay. You, you. And just have the best co-parenting situation I've ever witnessed. How did y'all get to this point, bro? She thinks she's my mother first and foremost. Oh my God. Okay. But it took time. It took time. I felt like when you take the feelings out of it and you, you realize that the child is the most important part of the relationship because it's still a relationship. Whether y'all intimate or not, You can do magical things. Magical things. And I think that me being a dad that I was and that I am still today, I wanted that.


I felt like if we wasn't gonna be together, there was no need for us to beef. We've created over time. Whereas now she's my best friend. She's, she's my safe space. I feel like, you know, I can vent to her because sometimes all the time I need it. But I feel like when I was pouring into these other women, they would use it against me. Whereas though now and that now that she's pregnant, I don't really call her and say certain things. 'cause I know she's going through certain things mentally now. So justice is always in my safe space though. So it's like she's always been, the person that I go to I call, give me advice. Some advice I don't take. But just to hear. But just to hear her give it to you, me just to know that she care because like, man, I don I don't really have nobody.


How did y'all, How did y'all meet? How did you meet Jess? How did y'all start dating back then? What did you see? And when was like, oh, this is, this is something I wanna High at. So it's crazy because we grew up in the same, starting To smile. He starting to smile. He going back. Nah. 'cause I, we grew up in the same church. Mm. Yeah. But we didn't know. No, we didn't know. My mom, when my mom was alive, my mom died when I was 10. My mom was alive. We went to the same church. My mom died. My father like really took me away from everybody. So now it's like, fast forward, we're like 17. It's Facebook now. It's after MySpace, it's Facebook. And she came across my timeline And I was like, oh, okay. So I, I did a dot, dot dot And I put a basketball emoji.


Oh, you thought she was the WNBA player? No, no. Shut up man. Little junior ball. No basketball play with you bug. No, she Bit on it too. Okay. She bit, she was like, what the, I forgot what she said, but I was like, I was just, I think I was like, I'm just coming to get my ball coming to get was mine, something like That. I said, what the fuck is this? And you was like, why A basketball room? I need to know what I seen it somewhere. What? Loving basketball? No, I seen somebody do that. Like, I don't know why I seen it, man, you gotta understand This, but a basketball in the Messages. It's, this is 11 years. Okay. 12. 12 Years Ago. 12 years Ago. So I'm like, I don't, I don't know. I just, I did it because I, I thought it was, it was corny, but I thought it was, you know, but it Worked. It got our attention. What'd you think just when you saw the basketball? I just, I said, what the fuck is this?


Okay. I just typed it back and he was like, I got attention. He said it was my ball. It is my ball and I'm coming to get, I'm coming to get it or something like that. I'm coming to get was mine. And I was like, oh, okay. What's up? I already knew that was given what it was. It Worked. You want to bounce it? Okay. What's up? But it worked. It Worked. It worked. So Y started talking. And where was y'all first date? What was your first, when you started first talking and what was your Being honest man, Jessica did a lot. I'm gonna say this before a lot of these young guys became Jody. I was Jody. Mm. And Our First date, big date, I'm gonna say it was Six Flags. Okay. Okay.


All right. I'm doing it Big. I never had a birth certificate after my mom died. It was here. My dad didn't wanna come here to get it. In New York. In New York? Yeah, in New York. Because you was born in Brooklyn, right? I was gonna Staten Island. Staten Island. Okay. So my dad didn't wanna get it. So for a long time I just had a college id. I was driving on a college id, but Jessica was the simplest one to let me drive with. No Id, I met with no license. You know, I was, I was responsible though. So I used to work at the car wash. I used to clean it, shine it up, je the Tyson whole nine yards. But our first date was Six Flags. That morning I went and to get my permit before we left for Six Flags. But I failed.


I went in there on my high horses. That's why I failed. At First Big, the test six flag driving test. It was written, but it was the computer. Yeah. Written. Yeah, written. That test is difficult. I go from, And I test is difficult To, I failed the one where it said put on your high be or your low be when it's, when it's rain, like when it's raining or something like that. Or when is the ground most slippery? Did you have shades on when you took the Test? Nah. Okay. I ain't really wear shades like that then. Okay. I did. But they was another, you know. Yeah. But first big date, six Flags. But before that we did a lot of other things. But after that it was, we did a lot. Like she introduced me to a lot. Actually. We both was the same age, but she helped make me become well, got me becoming a man.


Yeah. Becoming a man. And then, yeah, then boom. Now Jess always says that you are, you were overprotective, make sure she was good. Correct. But she always said you can't fight. Oh My God. No. She never seen me fight. Oh. I never had to wrong. We, we fought. I got that from, She did say that. Of course I'm not gonna fight her, bro. Oh, it's crazy. 'cause I just got a picture from the window. You busted mines. Oh, Okay. She busted your windows out your car, Man. No. One window. What? A fist. Yeah. What, what happened? Oh, You can't beat her Then if she could break a window from a fist, I wouldn't even try To fight that. What happened? Rome, Rome had to take a sip. Thinking about that, that's triggering him. What happened? What happened? You wanna real, real story.


Oh gosh. All right. I was just talking about, I was just in North Carolina this weekend. I was just, was talking about this like how my step stepbrothers was like corny and shit. Right. My step like, Jessica, pull up. Mind you, we ain't together. Jessica pulls up. I had a girl in the house. So my, my brother, like, he come to the top of the steps like, bro, Jessica at the door. I'm like, all right, here I come. The nigga don't even wait for me to come. He let her in. He let her in. Oh boy, mind I walked right past him and his friends with the girl Jessica, get in, come down the steps. Right. That she wrote. But what, what did I see when I walked down the steps? Jerome, You didn't see. So I then she tries to f massage this story a Ashton.


I had a portable rocking bassinet where I could put it in the trunk, send it to her, bring it back. Ashton was in a portable rocking joint. Me and the girl was on the tape, on the bed I had on basketball short. She had on her uniform pants? No, she gonna sit, she's been saying this forever. Forever. Uniform pants. Well, she was in the military. She the co she was, she was the co This is correctional officer. She in the military? No. Great. She's a correctional officer. Okay. So like she's sitting, she facing me, but her legs is like, you know how that go. Jessica downstairs, she keeps, she gonna say, oh, we was naked. We was not naked. We was naked. No pants short. I been going, it would've been happening. I don't get naked. And was she topless? Sit up much? She had a shirt on. Okay. Oh my gosh. See, she's never gonna tell the truth anyway. She banged the girl.


You beat up the girl? No, she didn't beat up. She banged her. And I was like, popped her, Fell. And I, And I picked her up and walked up the stairs and threw her outside. Rome, you Could never lift me. No, you up. You never, no. Y'all see what I'm saying? No, she never wants to, she never wants to admit the truth. So hold on. The field couldn't fight. Nah, I ain't, no, I don't know if she could fight or not. But she, I had her one time, but then she got up and then she put on her uniform and went and left, went upstairs and she Left. The truth is not, I promise you I wish it was eye phones And I You started fighting that, that No, I didn't fight you. And my son was not in no portable, nothing. He was on the floor on a blanket. And the cat was looking at him like he wanted to eat him. Yes. He was. My basement had had cement under the carpet.


So I would never lay my, I wouldn't even lay on the floor. So I was My son on the Floor. My son was in a portable bassinet. Okay. Y'all been arguing about this for 11 years? For 11 years. Be because she never wanna tell the truth. She was drunk outta her mind. And I'm trying to figure out first why I was just getting off of work. Just getting off Work. Goddamn lie. I had a job. You didn't said Goddamn lie. You did not just get off work. You was fired at that time. So please, no, I got fired right after that. I was working at McDonald's. That's when I was stealing out the register. This is Ghe night. So great. This Is is so much Gretto love. I love. And then if I was drinking, okay, I was drinking on the job, but I was at work. So, and then I came to get my son and Yeah. No, You did not come get your son. 'cause it was my weekend. So what? So what? I just Coming you in until Monday from daycare. Why would you coming?


No, you was coming to be nosy. I Didn't have to come to, that's What she was looking for. She had a passenger with her. If you come and get my Yep. She, I don wanted Her to go leave because, but I, my told her go home. What? 11 years. You still don't like Nicole. 11 years old. Man. That's my girl. So how did you punched the window? How did you break the window? Man, she, that shit with I her hand. You walked out, seen this car punched? No, she, I threw her ass out. Shut the Door. You never, you're not that. You was not that strong. Like you did not throw me Nowhere. Yeah, I threw, I had you and it was the steps. You jazzy Jeff. Oh yeah. That right there. He Could never, ever, even right now could not do that to me. Why you hit the window though? Why you hit the car? Because She knew that already. I was just really, really mad because he wouldn't gimme my son. She's lying. You wouldn't gimme my son.


You called the police told me gonna try to say his. I didn't call the police. You called the Police. I never called. She Called the police, Bro. I didn't call the police. I don you. Jail. Listen. You went jail. Jail went to jail that night. Pause, pause. Listen. Need everybody, Tyler Perry. I need everybody hear this where I'm from, the jail is right there, Right around the corner. You can walk. It's two minutes. They heard the commotion. They walked to west. I don't know how they came. I thought my stepmother called my godmother called one of 'em. It was my stepmother house. My godmother house. Somebody called. 'cause I ain't call the police. Yeah, my phone was cracked. 'cause you cracked his phone too. I did crack his phone. But he can still, everybody in the house had a phone. He called my, he called the police on me. And then going, and then when the police came, I, I was, I just sat in my car. I was mad. I was like, no, I can't move here to get my son.


Nicole. Nicole did tell me, yo, come on, lets pull off. He not giving you the baby. He not giving you the baby. I was like, all right, cool. But I was mad so I didn't pull off the police. Paddy wagon pulled up and got out and you was like, she right there. She right there. So Bro, she ain't even pull off Yet, bro. You They walked. How was I try to get, how did I try to get you locked up when I'm the same old called there trying to bail you out with no money. You, I don't know why you ever thought you could bail somebody out with no money. Like I Ain't sleep that night. You trying to get out, put her in jail. Trying to bail out. Mr. Check this out. You have been, you haven't went through a woman phone. Of course. Could you eat after that? Yes you could. Well, I couldn't. Mm, I'm, I'm comparing that to when she went to jail. I couldn't eat. I couldn't sleep, you know, And I You was sick.


I get it was sick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't want her in jail. Why the fuck would I call the police? Yeah. Wait, so how did you punch the window? That's what we was trying to with. I hand bro Walked up to it and then was just like, what a fist. And I just punched the window. What kind of car Was It? He had a Honda. A Honda Accord. A Honda tricked out door. I bet be six. The know it was fresh. Nah. Yeah, it was my first car. And he had just got, she ain't like It when I got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was Jealous now. No, That's what I'm had a lot. Freedom. Freedom. My car, I had freedom once I got it Very much, She couldn't call me, say bring me my car back, Jody. Right. I've never Called you that. She, I never called You that. Anyway. Mind you, she took you to get the car. I ain't never seen nobody when Recently when we got, when I got in the car. When I got in the car, she was like, I don't like this shit.


I say, yeah. So this mean you ready really be doing you. Yeah, I was outside because you was doing you he would drop me off to work and go act like he in class. And I was an A student then. And I was going right at the B trip. See for my associates, that's, I did, I went to class. 'cause guess what, you got off work two o'clock you had to be to work six o'clock. So I was getting up 5:00 AM every morning we get outta your work. We out your job by 5 45. I got outta class at one 30, did my homework for the 15 minutes, came to Cold Spring, McDonald's and picked you up. Then we went home. That was my routine. Monday through Friday. You're Skipping a lot of things, but it, I ain't skip You hurt your hand. Huh? Did you hurt your hand before that? No. It didn't hurt until I got in jail. I ain't gonna lie until I got in jail. But listen, She so, no, it ain't hurt until she sobered up. This is the crazy thing. I was not that drunk. So then when I got to jail, but she used to drink 1800.


Guess who did my intake? God Damn God no. Guess who did my intake? The damn girl Who was with him? The One that you punched? Yep. Yes. She went, she clocked in to do that shit. I'm on my, she did My Crazy Bro. The same girl that I popped. Y'all crazy. She did it, but she didn't say nothing because she couldn't be caught up in nothing like that. No, she lost lost her job. She would've got fired. Lost? Yeah. She lost her job. She lost Her job. I She did. Right. I straight told on her like Yeah. 'cause I was like, so you told girl absolutely. Soon as I got. No, this is Get Love story. I Oh wow. How could you actually one fuck with a nigga who laid his baby in the cat's face. Oh my God. On the, on the carpet. So she Got fired. I ain't mad at that. I ain't mad at each jumping on that woman, Jess.


Yeah, because she, you don't know what she could have tried to do to you in that situation. So you gotta put everything On the table. I was like, no, it was ghetto or begotten. And that's what it was. So now when you hear this story, Jesus Christ and you say to yourself, why they there on National Co-Parent Day? 'cause they are like the Best of friends now. Absolutely. They call each other. Jeff calls you her brother. How do you feel about that? How did y'all get there? Do you look at her like your sister? I think I created because you said mama, my Dad. I was gonna say what she said you created that She Like my mother, like when we outta town and shit, she act like my mother. Now I ain't gonna disclose too much, but she thinks she my mama. No, I just know She likes to control. Like she know how I am though. Like me, I'm a loner. I think part of that controlling part is like, I don't care where I'm at, bro.


It could be 20 of us. I don't wanna be with y'all. So guess what I'm gonna do? And He can go out of town with these 20 people and then be like, all right. I'm like, no, We could be all on the sprinter. What's going on? No, we, We be all been on Sprinter, whatever state we go to, bro. I don't even gonna go with a rental or slingshot or something. It better not be raining. But I think that that controlling part comes in just because she cares. And sometimes, especially when I'm under the influence, I've done dumb ass shit. So I think that's Good that you know that you can admit That. Yeah, I've done dumb ass shit. I don't know if you heard Justice Sister in the back. Everybody like, you know, everybody know that. But I hold myself accountable to that. Mind you now, I ain't gonna say what I learned from woman stick because I done did a dumb ass shit over and over again.


But I think in that aspect, that's when the mother, the mother with the v comment, but the bro, her calling me brother and sister, bro, like honestly without the child like, it, it, it is there. It it's seen like Amazon camera off. Like, you can't fake this or make this shit up. Oh yeah. Rome started that. Rome started calling me sis first, and then I started calling him, bro, I, you know, I'm like, yeah, we, we do have like a sibling dynamic in some way. You know, he still confides in my mom. He like, my mom is our mother. Like, it's not, it ain't nothing crazy. It's nothing intimate. Like seriously, I always say this. People be like, yeah, right. I can literally walk past this and, And I don't do this what I'm saying, I can walk past this man naked.


And he just, they be like, girl, what? Like put that up. Fuck clothes. I'm talking about seriously. Like it's not, how Do y'all deal with each other's spouses or each other's boyfriend and girlfriend? Like how do you deal with his girl And how do you deal with, with Now Ron? She told us you had 17 baby Mamas Five. Five. Okay. I never told you he had no damn. I thought You said like everybody always tried to, I said too and shit like that. Right. It's cool though. It's cool. I get it. I'm Not saying a five, But this was this and now this was the friction part and we got over that. But this is the friction part was I'm on my business. I don't get in her shit. But the friction part was her getting into minds. But she's still a woman. I'm still a man. Yeah. So women tend to do that. And this is not no shame to women.


I don't mean no disrespect by saying that, but I think women tend to, to do that. Especially a woman that care about you. What? Well, she said sometimes you make bad decisions and she's there as your sister to make sure you good. Correct. Regardless if it's life, relationship or whatever. Correct. She Said that on every phone with me personally, I never really, like, I talk to her about certain things, but I never really like my family to get into no intimate situation around. Yeah, because guess what, y'all could feel a way about this person, however y'all want. Whether it's negative or good. If I'm gonna deal with this person, I'm gonna deal with her. Like the the female can smack shit out me yesterday. I'm might get over it and fuck it em all. But it's like, that's why I always, that's how I was always able to distinguish the two.


Like when Jessica with Huffman, when she come to you, like, I don't know, like I ain't never pillow talk or sneak this or nothing. Like I don't really care if it, like, it ain't nothing a nigga have that. I don't if if, if you put it in that sense. But when she come to me with a man, I tell her I ain't right. But both of y'all gotta care though. 'cause you going want to know who around your son. She going on to move around Her son. I, I never did though. Yeah. I never, so in the beginning stage, yeah. Don't have this nigga around my son. Right, right, right. I grew outta that. So now it's, I trust my child mom enough to, she won't bring no same fuck shit around my child. So I don't say, oh, don't have this nigga around my, that's never been a problem. What has been a problem was motherfuckers envy me except for my last dog.


Yeah. My, my dog. That's my dog. Who, Who? The, Who's the dog? My dog. Chris. Chris. Okay. Chris. Chris. My dog. That's my dog. I ain't gonna hold you. I think he's the, I think like me, honestly. Me and Jess, man. Like, I think it's been times where a woman didn't like me and her situation, but guess what? Bye. Yeah. More so on. And yeah, it'll be more so on his end because it's much more of them. But the thing is, yeah, the thing is like, I don't like when I, 'cause I even tell him when he doing wrong too. Like, yo don't treat her like that. This is not how, how, how you going introduce me to her now I now I done got to know her, you know, and whether she had a kid or not.


Most of the time it's the ones that have the kids, but it's like, yo, you got to be do right or just be single. Like don't keep hurting women in the process of trying to find what you're looking for. Emini here, I know that's all a part of dating, but when you have kids it is different, you know? And then he'd be like, oh, that's why I don't like you to be getting into it. You know? And then I don't like, he, he attracts a lot of toxic women too, like abusive relationships where women will put they hands on 'em. I'm like, what? Yeah, all right. You know? But he don't, he, he's like, nah, but I might be fucking with her. Them all. What? She just blacked her eye. What you talking about? You know what I'm saying? Like, no, we not doing it. But Claire, I never had a black guy.


Okay. Well she bust her nose. Whatever women have put they hands on you. That's, And that's why, and that's why she's my dog. Like, I think she's the only one really, honestly, the one to get the fuck under my skin, like a certain wordplay she used. And I don't care what tone she used it in. But to say that it's like RA was really never taught how to love. Like I found, I lost my mom at 10 years old. My heart, I moved with my dad. And when I moved with my dad, my, my, I didn't move my dad and my stepmom, which is my mom now. Me and my mom have a great relationship. That's my stepmom. And my dad was married, but my dad was cheating.


Like, same like my dad. I noticed cheating, bro. My dad's showing me shit that bro, like, I'm thinking cool. So like when, even when I started dealing with women and stuff like that, multiple women and all that, my dad was like, yeah, son Uhuh. Absolutely. And I'm thinking it's cool because That's What you being told. That's what I, that's what I'm saying. That's, I'm being, being taught. Like, and every man in my life that I looked at as a role model to me was the same way. Same. So it's like what you expect. But the good thing is now is like I'm old enough now and mind I ain't perfect now I'm, I'm, I'm seeing it. I'm trying to, you know, change it. But I never was taught to love properly.


So, And I never, my trust issues is fucked up from my dad. Like, bro, my trust issues fucked up before I even met my, met her because I'm seeing what he's doing. Right. But I'm seeing when it's done to him, his reactions like, damn, my nigga, you was just doing this. How you gonna get mad? Right? So it's like every relationship I've went into, I had an expiration date. Me, I put an expiration on myself. I said, she gonna get what she gonna get. I'm gonna get what I'm getting. I'm gone. So I never really gave a woman the, the, what's the word I'm looking for? I never really gave a woman commitment. Not even commitment, but I never gave the woman a chance to really love me. But even With, with the kids, like even having kids with Other women, nah, I had, and this is like I said, no, distract to my children.


Moms, a lot of my, my children came out of vulnerability. Mm. Explain expound on that. And I'm gonna explain that. So I will meet a woman who I may feel like she, it's what I need another safe place or whatever the case may be. But I'm already vulnerable from a previous relationship, have a child knowing I don't want to be with this woman. I don't want her. I, I, I don't, I really don't wanna be with her, but I feel like I'm forced to be with her because it's a child. Hmm. And I've done that, you know, multiple times. Multiple times. You need, you needed a therapist, not another baby mama. Right. I need Correct. Yeah. But you Were, but at the time of need, at the time of vulnerability, you know women, you know, women, women can, bro, they be masked up.


Yeah. Be masked up. But then also, you know, just on a accountability part, which he has taken over his recent years, is like you was looking for like your mom and women. Yeah. And Correct. You would never get that correct. You know what I'm saying? Because you was trying to look for an emotional connection with, with, you know, nurturing also. And then like, you was really, really search searching for Keisha Keisha's mother. You were really searching for her and, and women. You know, that's, that's a different type of love. You know what Emini here, I think different women intimacy relationship. Well, I always dealt with different women because different women had certain, what is it? Certain Things That, certain aspects of her, certain aspects of her.


But like, I never knew how to be alone, bro. Like, I would be single at my own apartment and all that and let it go and go move with a woman because yeah, I never knew really. I don't know how to, I, I, I don't like being lonely. Like, so it's like a lot of the times when, And I say this, this shit is real. Like, I don't know if a lot of other men like me, but when being lonely, bro, you, you go through search. I don't give a fuck how much money you got. I don't care about none of that. But like, I never really knew how to be alone. Like, I feel like I gotta have somebody laying next to me. Because even before my mom died, my mom used sleep naked. This is a back then thing. How old were you When your was 10 when your Mother passed? Yeah, I was 10, but I was a mommy's boy. Did you ever, Damn, did you ever really Properly grieve?


No. I so grieving? No, I never really grieved. All I did was I thought it was gonna help me by going to school for social work because that's what she was. But I never really properly grieve. And that's a, that's a process now. I do want to get, you know, back in the gym, I do wanna get a therapist, but I don want everything else around me to be intact so that I could fully commit. Because if I ain't fully committed, it ain't gonna work. And Then also that's me. And I also feel like your, your dad didn't get you any type of No, I didn't. No. My dad, my, my, honestly, I felt like me personally, and this is probably the first time I said this, like I did my, I think my, my father really wanted me for a check. What Do you mean? And exactly what I said, like the money and lied to me for so long I lost a scholarship 'cause of my dad.


Oh. Because at the time where I wanted to go, I wanted to get away from them. So I had, I had a couple scholarships. I, I had like over 30 acceptances I got.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino ISS home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. It's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 Plus Terms, Inc.


This is an ad by Better Help. What's your perfect night? Maybe you're settled at home alone or with loved ones covered in blankets about to watch your favorite show. It's cozy, it's calm, and you're ready for a perfect night in therapy. Can feel a bit like that. A place for comfort, A time when you replenish your energy and take care of yourself. And hey, you can even do it without leaving that same cozy couch. This season is the perfect time to give therapy a try. Right from the comfort of home with Better Help. Get matched with a tailored therapist based on your needs and preferences. Entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this season with Better Help. Visit better help.com to learn more and save 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called The Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop. Mad Slam, another one Gone. BA Bam, another one Gone. The cracker the bat and Another one Gone. A tip Bud. The cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Accept to a school in Florida. I think they hasn't Did your mom leave you money or did she? Yeah, my mom. Yeah, my mom. So my mom left me money. Oh yeah, because I thought maybe the government gave you a check every month. No. So my mom, my mom left money. My mom was getting money and you know, so social security stuff. So it was like my dad was making bank like I did the, I ain't even say the calculations. Calculations is crazy. What's your relationship with your dad now? Is he, is he, we. Okay. You know, we all right. He, you know, he's still living with that regret And I feel like that's why we can't really get there. But yeah, like I feel like my dad wanted me full a check, man. How'd, how'd you lose the scholarship though? He, he didn't finish. I lost scholarship. I lost a scholarship because August, like two weeks before school was supposed to start, I had got a, I was, I was leaving like my mom's side.


They bought all my dorm stuff and all of that, all my life. My father always said, yeah, when you get 18, you gonna have money, you can go get your car, you can go do what you want, you go to school, whatever the case may be. All right, cool. I get 18, I graduate. There's nothing there. Wow. I asked my father, I'm like, wow. There's still no answer though. Father never even answered. So mind you, I knew I got a scholarship. I had a partial scholarship, so a partial scholarship with the Japan, the school and on and Raymond board that's at the school I was going to, that was about 16, 17,000 a semester. I had like a $42,000 partial joint. So my dad was always saying, all right, I gotta rest. I gotta rest.


So two weeks before I was supposed to leave, so a month before I was supposed to leave my family got all my dorm stuff. A week before I was supposed to leave, my father called me up to the room and he like, I ain't even say what he said. I'm, I'm like, he like, you can't go to school. I'm like, why not? Like, nigga, I'm an a student. Like I work hard for this. I was an athlete, I was a student. I, I ain't get no, I ain't get no offers from basketball my junior, senior year. So I gave up and said, fuck it, I'm gonna fall back on my grades. You always said I had the money, the money wasn't there. He spent it all Jesus. And you know, we turned 18, like 17 and a half, it stopped coming. But even if you, even if it come again when I'm 18, that's one check.


All the rests gone. And my stepmother used to always tell her my step, And I love my stepmother for this And I wish I'd have known this when I was younger, but my stepmother used to always tell him, put that money up. But she never came to me because she didn't wanna overstep the boundaries of her husband. Yeah. And I understood it. But now that I'm grown and we have conversations now, it's like understood it because my father always tried to make people hate me. Hate you. I hated my step. Yeah. I hated my stepmother growing up, but it was never her. It was him. Lights ain't get cut off. We had Christmases 'cause of my stepmom, my dudes got paid. My my senior, my my my, I'm talking my middle school dudes. Mind you bro, you getting money for me? My middle school dudes, my stepmom paid them, my stepmother and my teachers paid them. Wow. High school dudes.


My stepmom paid them and my friends, I got two friends. Their mothers paid all that. So it was like, my dad really crushed me, man. I told my dad a couple weeks ago, man, I said, bro, you hate me. Not literally saying you hate me, but you hate me so much because I got, I caught your ways. I said, but the difference between me, I'm young and I'm changing. I'm gonna change 'em. You 20 years older than me, you still doing the same thing. Right. You wanna break those Cycles. And I wanna break. And it's not even me breaking a cycle, bro. I just, I don't like being like this. Right, right. Like, I don't like hurting people. I don't like hurting women. I don't like, I, I never really hurt. I'm so loyal to my friends that the, the the any little disloyal thing they do to me, they cut off. So it's like the shit be hurting man. And it's like, damn, I don't already have nobody. So then when I got a child, mom, I cherish it And I tell her, bro, cherish the really ones you love.


The really ones that's genuinely there for you. The ones that you ain't gotta do nothing for 'em that really love you. Because guess what? At the end of the day when shit go Emini here, if shit go bad, they gonna be the ones you count on. You know, there's this thing, when you start gonna therapy, you'll hear about, it's this thing called the mother wound. And it's a type of attachment trauma that instills deeply rooted beliefs that make the child feel unloved, abandoned, unworthy of care and numb to their feelings. Does that, does that Yeah. Feel Like you Maslow loss, Maslow loss, it's done to you as a child will affect you as an adult, but it will not define you. That's right. So it's like, it's crazy 'cause going to school is like, man, you reading this shit. I'm like, man, that's me.


It's me. Like, you know, I'm thinking of my own therapist, but you know, every therapist needs a therapist and that's how they, that's how they able to be effective. So it's like, man, like, you know, I've been through, I ain't have a bad upbringing, but I've been through some traumatic situations, man. And you know, like I, I, I ain't, they ain't gonna define me like them babies and my man, I love them babies. I feel like if it wasn't for my babies, I'd have crashed out Long time ago. Long time ago. And that's what, And I said I got them babies and outta all my, I got, I got, I got two children, moms like that. My last one, you know, she, she made no harm by certain things. But I got that one And I got this one to my left, man, my dog. And it's like, she gimme hope every day and she don't even know it. Like even when, you know, we might not even argue, but like it be days I wake up, she doing You all right?


How you feeling? Just because I know that she need it. Like when you, the when you the when you the, the, the shoulders and the head of families or communities, bro. Like, it's a lot. Right. You know, honestly I think them people needed the most. So I give her how fly I was every day. And I feel like, man, like without her. Yeah. Well I think you on the right path. You know, they, they say healing the mother wound first starts with acknowledging the pain. Correct. And then seeking professional help, which you want to do. Cultivating healthy relationships. Right. Which, which y'all have done and you're focusing on self-care and personal growth. Yeah, that's right. So you on, you definitely on the right path. It's Gonna get there, man. It's time. Take time, you know, but it'll be there. How did y'all, that's the most thing to me, the most, I don't wanna say most important, but one of the most important things.


How did y'all realize we don't have feelings for each other no more. Like what, how did that just go away? Like, y'all have, y'all love each other, but not in that way. I got my answer. You wanna go first? You can go first for sure. 'cause I'm still Thinking when I stopped caring about who she dealt with. Oh, when I wouldn't even, like I wouldn't even care. Like how long did that take? Oh, oh, three years. So like when Ashton was like three Yeah, He was still like, really? Yeah, it was like three years. But at that, but honestly that three years, like I had caught a, a big check. So it was like, you know, I was almost half a million dollar nigga.


So it was like, it was the pain that I had. Whatever the case may be, I would, I would pay, I would've like just buy shit to block it out. But other than that, like You ain't trying to stu on her a little bit though. Oh No, most definitely. I never stunned. No, I never, yeah, no, never. I'm waiting, I'm waiting for that. I never intentionally stunted on her. I never did that. Never. Oh, okay. I did everything she possibly could ask me to do. And she said on a a a a one of these something about a BGE bill and I'm gonna address that I never wanted to address. That was One our show. That was our show. One co-parenting And records. I'm gonna address that now with B'S bill. That's an electric bill. Right. So, so, so hold, I'm, I'm gonna explain it. Her lights got cut off. You just got a 500,000 check and you look, listen No, it wasn't right then and there.


Okay. But it's over time because mind you, so mind because I ain't like, mind you a lot of my place, she helped me, she helped me get a lot on the back end. But in the time, like I helped her, whatever the case may be, I didn't know she was moving with a man. I didn't move with A man. Well, she moved the man in with her. Yeah. After This was after. So he had you in the duct too? No, no. This was, this was all mind before I met him. I don get her business. So I don't know that he not there. So boom, here's the, so here's, here's here's my logic and I'm going say what I'm gonna say to her right after I explain it. My logic was, all right, man is in the house, boom, the BE cut off. Right. I'm thinking like, damn. So she like, well Rome, I'm like, well I'll take my son with me.


But that wasn't me talking, that was the girlfriend I had talking. Oh shit, you ain't Tell me that. I never told you that because as a woman you ain't trying to hear that. And as a woman, as as a man and, and you being me, I don't want to hear that. So I didn't want to tell you that because I'd have felt less of a man un Ball your fist chest. So Yeah, but, but not understanding. If somebody else is smacking the cheeks, you pay that bill. So listen, so the girlfriend was like, y'all living in that house. So, so the girlfriend was like, Don't talk about no house. So listen. No, go Ahead. So The, so the girlfriend was like, I took a certain amount of money out the bank. I did. She was with me. She like, mind you, the certain amount of money I had to call because I was gonna break it in half, give it to Jessica And I take the rest And I was going, me and Ashton, me and Ashton, that's all I did shot me and Ashton.


So I was gonna give it that. But the girl like, why are you giving it to Jessica? I'm like, 'cause she need it. And she like, oh, that why I'm 'cause of Yoani. I never said the reason. Wow. I never said the reason. Yeah. Yeah. I never said the reason though. She was like, what exactly do she need? Because I know you ain't giving her no, she don't need a bag or nothing like that. I'm like, nah, it's something else. She like, well don't she got a nigga living with her. Mm. And mind you, I'm drinking at the time, you thinking the same thing. I'm like, You wasn't even thinking that till she said it. I wasn't thinking that. But I'm drinking. But when she say it, 'cause I'm not, like I said bro, like wives and girlfriends, I seen, I've seen, I've seen men crumble and go against they family 'cause of a wife or a girlfriend.


I seen it and I'm like, you know what, you right. Why you ain't ask Jess though? Crazy. Why people The phone say, Jess, what's up with you? Because I was a young emotional boy Who it just ran into a bunch of money. Fucking bunch of bitches came with that. No. Fuck the bitches. Every, my nigga, I'm hurt. I'm a hurt young man. Got a lot of money. Everybody done fucked me over, nigga. I got some money. I'm doing the fuck I wanted. I'll make myself happy. Yeah. And that's how I nigga went broke. Like, it was times where I'm not happy but I go spend money just 'cause I'm not like, oh, that car just came out like that. Everybody except me. Fuck you over except her. You feel me? Except her. So that was why I was like, And I was and, and, and, and, and granted right now on today, I'm gonna say I truly sincerely apologize.


What? For not taking care of you the way I should have. Mm. You accept And I I'm gonna take my glasses off. Yeah. Because for a long time that shit hurt me. And it's like, I never, ever, ever, especially you, I never ever, ever, ever meant to do that to you. And it's like now, that's why I even, I worked so hard today and just try to even just give you something. But in due time that shit gonna come back. I ain't, you know, I done made that shit back. Went broke again, made it back, went broke again. But my biggest downfall, the commonest denominator was alcohol and women.


So that shit them two problems never allowed me to really reach my full potential. Right. Because even when I seen a couple years ago, you seen it 2019 when I was single, when I went moved back by myself, where I ran that motherfucker up Flourish, I ran that bitch up. That's one thing I know how to do. I'm gonna run it up. But it be women holding me back. Man. Then you Ran into somebody. So I, I'm sorry that I didn't do what I was supposed to do. And a lot of motherfuckers say, well that was your job. That wasn't done. I felt that was my duty. Mm. But because I had certain people in my, in, in, in my ear that I thought had their best interest in me. But when a bag ran out, they left. Mm. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm not a sorry person. I apologize. Okay. I appreciate that. And But Listen, I was not, I was talking to a nigga, he moved in months after.


You think a nigga was gonna move into a dark house, you think I you think I wanted a niggas see how I was living? No. And when you say, I asked you like, yo, can you just get my my lights on, I'll pay you back. That's when I was scamming and doing all that shit. That shit got slow too. So I'm like, all right. You was like, nah, I take my son, nobody taking my kid. Not even his father said that. Like as long as Ash wasn't scared of the dark, we was good. You know what I'm saying? Like I still had candles. We was playing, we was doing all that. We would stay outside. That Turned you up or notch Until, until it went, until it got dark. And then we would go in the house and him, he ain't never asked me why the lights ain't coming on. It don't matter. So as long as he was good, I was good. I just wanted to be able To call your baby girl. You know what I'm saying? And just be like, yo, get my life back home for Me.


And you should have, yeah, but guess what? That made you a demon. And when I say demon, I say in the best way that turned you up. And you like I tell teach my kids, especially my oldest boy, my 11-year-old bro, like, I don't want you to, to learn, go through something bad to learn a lesson. Right. I don't think everybody should have to go through something bad to learn a lesson. Right. But in your case, I feel like yeah, that put that battery in your back and know when that battery came in your back. You ain't, you ain't treating me no way. Nope. It took still a minute for us to create that bond. Yeah. But y'all have it now. And I think y'all both should give each other some grace. 'cause y'all was dumb young. Correct. And I always was a hurt young man, so. Right. But I love this story 'cause it shows the foundation and how y'all are now Yeah.


And how y'all treat each other now. You know, I don't know you, but the way she talks about you on the radio and, and like you said, she is a mother. She protects you, she holds you down. I just Love to see It. Yeah. No, sometimes I be telling to stop talking about Rome like That. He always do. But it's Like, And I be like, why you be talking about Rome? But I, IIII get it. She don't mean no harm by it. No She don't. No, no. She doesn't mean no harm. Yeah. Like I said, man, like I wish a lot of other people would take from us. Yeah. And that's why this shit gotta be on tv. That's Why y'all writing a book? Yeah. All that book coming. Everything coming? The book coming? Yes. Everything coming, man. There you have it. You think the most important thing, because I, I want y'all to save a lot of this, but what, what's the most important thing it takes to co-parent?


If y'all just leave, leave it on that. 'cause it's national co-parenting day. Yo, I'll tell you, I start off communication, like a lot of people be scared to hurt each other feelings. And a lot of people be afraid to have uncomfortable conversations, whether it's about kids, UNH, differences. Yeah, whatever. Like one day me and Rome just literally met up and just, we just talked about everything that, you know, he felt like I did him wrong in certain situations. And then he felt like, like I will always try because he, he says I'm controlling a lot And I do take that, you know what I'm saying? I, yeah. I, I own that. I do like, I was trying to control how he parents sometimes, like how, how he would raise ash and all of that type of stuff.


We just put everything on the table and just, just was like, all right, you're moving forward. 'cause it's really about ash. Right. And that's really like when we, after that, it was like, no, looking back, it's like, all right, whatever cool piece of cake it was just communication. It Can't easy, but it take, I think that it's a couple things, man. Communication feelings out of it. Ego out of it. Ego for sure. And just man, both parties. Both parties. Gotta be in it though, man. Like, I feel like, you know now, like even at my, my kids school and shit, man. Like they ain't used to the man. And I think that's fucked up. Yeah. Job kids That you no kids? No. Oh, at school. My children, my own children.


Oh. Yeah. I feel like, you know, the father is, is not a norm. So I, I always been, I ain't, it is not. I, I ain't say I'm gonna change it on, but I've changed it on. Mm. Like it's me. You ain't gotta call em out. You know that DMX son call you five? Yeah, that's me. Call me. Don't call em out. I'm hands on. I'm gonna be there. And my oldest 11, man, I don, I done sat to school, sat in the class with em. Yeah. The whole Day they call you. But Ash called me on the side. Yeah. Ash like my dad Come up Here, it's too much. Can you come up? But that was the thing too. We had to, she had to learn. Don't don't, don't try to take the father from the child.


Let me father him. That's really because I refuse for my son to become a statistic. I refuse for my son to become a young hurt little boy. I refuse for my son to grow up not knowing how to love a woman. I refuse for my son to be so many things that his father was. And I'm still young so I'm still, you know, I told, I told Naya earlier, I said, man, like you know one of my, I'm gonna write my right. I'm gonna write my rights to my, my boys Still unlearning you. Unlearning right now. Correct? Correct. You unlearning to Learn when his co-parent, co-parents ain't easy man. And I used to be, I used to be hard on him. How he was so hard on my son. Like, no, like you, like Ash gotta wanna talk to you. You gotta make him want to talk to you. Ash is, he used to like come and talk to me about things he was scared to go to his father about.


Not 'cause it was any abusive relationships, anything. It was just like, I can't talk today. It was My son, you know? Was my son problem. Mm. Like I said, I'm creating a young man, man. My son problem was, he don't like confront not confrontation, but he don't like to confront a man. You, and when I say that, me, his father, he don't like to. And I tell him, I said, bro, if you don't like something you tell me. I I'm not like my father. Oh, shut the fuck up. Oh you, I'm your father, you, nah, no, ain't none of that same. I'm gonna go to McDonald's. And I be like, all right, do you six? Oh dad, I don't want that. Alright, what you want? It's the same concept. I get his head done now. He want hair. Oh dad, I don't like that.


Tell me, don't go back and tell your mother. That's when I'm gonna get mad. 'cause he was just with me And I just asked you and you ain't nothing. You want the communication. I want to com communicate when and when you communicate with me. You look me in my eyes and tell me, dad, I don't want this. You ain't gotta be disrespectful when you say it. I wanna say, my baby getting better, but I'm here. So it's like, I don know man. It's, it's, it is not hard. It's easy. It's fun. You do have to make it a little Bit. I make it a little bit. It's for him. I don't to do that though. It's just man, like, I don't know. As a mom, it's different than when a dad raised him, bro. I'm doing everything that I wanted. I wanted my father to come up my school. I wanted my dad to talk to me. I wanted my dad to ask me what I wanted. I wanted my dad to come to my basketball game.


My baseball game. My dad been a one baseball game out four years. Two basketball games out four years. You just gotta make sure you raising your child out. I outta love And I And I don't wanna live there. Yeah. And, and that's that. I, I was scared of my father. I could Talk my bang in my mouth a lot. That's why I got big. That's why I got busted Lip. Most of our fathers raised us outta fear. Most of our fathers raised us outta fear. 'cause they didn't want us to end up going down the same path they went down. So we gotta figure out how to raise our kids outta love. But you know. Yeah. If mom's, moms get this. And I think I got that And I told my dad a couple weeks ago, bro, like, you know he, 'cause he always come to me. Well my father, my father, I said, I don't wanna hear that shit. I tell him straight up, I'm a man now. You ain't gonna tell me shut the fuck up. I don't wanna hear that shit. Your father wasn't a father. He was a provider. I'm a nurturer.


I'm a dad, I'm a father And I nurture my babies. And Even your response to your dad is angry. Yeah. 'cause he always outa my response to my dad is what he's, he's giving to me now. Like I'm, I'm a man now. So it's like, bro, I don't have to take that shit. I leave. But he's trying to explain why he Trying to explain. But he's like that because don't Explain. He's just now figuring it out too. He still ain't figured it out. So it's like if you in the room and this's me and being in the room. 'cause you know I don't call you about this type of stuff, but this is me being in the room. It ain't it is he, it's a different story, man. I Got somebody for you to talk to him. I got a therapist, I got a good therapist. I Got a lot of them. No, no, No. I'm not saying it like that. No. I'm talking about a real professional And I got a real Yes, they Black.


Hell, He requires What? Want I think I got somebody mind for you. But I Don't do man. I want woman. You want A woman? Yeah. All right. I got You. I don't like men. I got you. I got you. I know exactly who you should talk to. That's cool, man. I'm always open to it, man. But you know, other than that, like you gotta win it for yourself. And do You I do. You know, I've been there man. Okay, Well Good. Cut back. You know, my biggest thing was just cutting back on the alcohol. Like now I do it for recreation. Well, thank you envy. And I Thank you for this. Is recording a drink? I don put Coffee. I didn't know you was gonna take a Shot. Nah, I drink, Drink. No, no coffee. It didn't drink. No, no coffee. And I drink coffee. This was a great conversation. I'm sure it's a discussion that'll continue on not even just amongst, you know, Jess and Rome, but just amongst anybody out there.


That's right. You know, dealing with co-parenting issues. But I think Rome, you know Rome is talking to a lot of different issues that a lot of us men go through. You know what, Emini here. So I'm, I'm happy that you was vulnerable this morning. That's right. Thank you. You know what Emini here. Well there you have. And their book is coming soon via Black Privilege Publishing. Love you Simon Chu. Love you more. Si. All right. Well it's Rome. Yes, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Through Two Shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta Ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where Prohibited by Law 18 Plus Terms, Inc.


This is an ad by Better Help. What's your perfect night? Maybe you're settled at home alone or with loved ones covered in blankets, about to watch your favorite show. It's cozy, it's calm, and you're ready for a perfect night in therapy. Can feel a bit like that, A place for comfort, A time when you replenish your energy and take care of yourself. And hey, you can even do it without leaving that same cozy couch. This season is the perfect time to give therapy a try. Right from the comfort of home. With Better Help get matched with a tailored therapist based on your needs and preferences. Entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this season with Better Help. Visit better help.com to learn more and save 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com.