
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay Based on the inspirational true Story. Damn proud of you y'all Golden girl. It's a knockout crowd. Pleaser. The whole family can agree on my baby. Going to the limit To this generation's Rocky. Can't nobody beat me. You'll stand up and cheer. Where? Go. It's one of the best movies of the year. He represent out there. Who? I would do it at Flint. The fire inside based on incredible true story. Whitney. PG 13. Inappropriate for children under 13. Now. Playing only in theaters.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LA is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. We have Tamela and David. Man, welcome. What up though? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having Good morning. How y'all now? Just in case y'all wondering why I'm here. I walked in the door and she's sit down And I was Yes ma'am, I'm in your house. I sit down and do the, because Miss Man is here to promote her new album, Live, Breathe, Fight. But Emini here, y'all have been doing things together forever. Like Yes. Yeah. Do y'all even know life without each other? No. No. We've been married And I don't want To either.


We got married at 21, so we've been married 36 years. Wow. One that's a long time. No separations. I like to say that. There you go. Did y We worked through it. Did y'all know as soon as each y'all saw each other like she did? 'cause I was that kind of guy. No. Whatever. No, we did not. But but we were just friends. Okay. We were just Friends. But it wasn't long after though that I knew. But I wouldn't let him know that I, that I felt like that. Like He was The one. I felt like he was the one. But I was like, I don't know. 'cause you know David had a little play in him. So when, so when did you realize, When did I realize it was probably, it was fairly some months that, 'cause we started singing together early.


So it was some months and David started protecting me even like with the other guys. 'cause I was the only girl in the group us singing. And he would always like, y'all don't horse play where she's a Girl. We had a swinging group like, so y'all know me, Kirk Franklin and another guy. Dar. Blair. Blair. So Kirk Franklin And I have been friends for like 40 something while Since 50. Yeah. When he was 15. Y'all And I met, we went school together, we met him. Yeah. So it, it just, but I just felt like if it works out, I said, I said I really like this dude, but you know, I have to just see, wait and see. Watch his play ways. Yeah, yeah. I don know. And, and it did his plays Play ways. She, she actually busted me one time with my, with a couple other girls that I was with. I, I Was just looking. I don, she was just Looking. I didn't you they threw surprise, Didn't you? You bust yourself.


They threw me a surprise birthday party. Both girls? No. Well we were, no, they just, we were all just friends. You know how you invite people to, okay, we gonna do this. They should have told me and listen, we meeting at this house. They should Have told Me we meeting at this house. But he brought somebody with him so that we didn't know Right. That he was gonna bring somebody. But it was just people that we all knew and so happened a couple of them that knew. And then his new piece, I guess he had, wow, You throw me out. New piece. I Been saying it was back in the day. Now let's go back y'all this I feel shaded Already. Already. This was like 19. You know, we like 19 years old at the time. So, you know, that was, That's about tab man lived, breathe. Like she didn't live through this. She didn't breathe through it.


30 years later he's still nervous. I don wanna know how much did you cut run a hoover with women? David? How much? How much? Oh look, I was doing a little much. That's why I wouldn't, I'm for real. That's why I wouldn't hook up with her because she was my friend And I knew once I started that is it. That was it. She wouldn't go nowhere. Nope. Then once I said I do, I am, I will. Alright. And here I am. How did you know that? I want brothers to know. How did you know this is the one I'm gonna put all my play ways to the side. This is what I wanna be with for the rest of my life. She was just different. You know, she, she just wasn't the same. But I, she was somebody I could call when I was in trouble washing, had to wash dishes and stuff. I call her and talk and wash dishes. She'd be, what you doing? I'm sitting here washing dishes. What you doing? And so it was just, we would just have that conversation.


Just we were forget about everything. Like she knew about, she actually knew my baby mama and them before me. So she knew about all of them. Everybody. So when I decided, okay, let me cut this out, I started calling, Hey, you may want to come and get this last little hit 'cause I'm about to get into something for life and boom, that's it. Wow. That's beautiful. 36. I thought, don't that sound crazy. You told the girl come get one laugh loop. I thought we was gonna get past it. That sounds crazy Man. Crazy man. No, but I just, I just knew for real. She just had something different. And you know, we can say it's different, but you know, me being a believer, I know it was the anointing that she had on her that was different.


So I couldn't, I wasn't gonna be able to play her. And then I knew she was gonna be famous so I got her pre trapped her and you know. So You did not know that. You did not know that. But it's really been a wonderful ride, y'all. That's right. Marriage can work Emini here. It takes work. That's right. But we really enjoy each other's company. And I like him. We like each other. We are not just in love, but we really like and love each other. Hanging out, doing nothing is fun to us. You Know, sometimes same, same to me. That's the problem. Getting some of the interviews like this is because, you know, we've, they've pitched us to do interviews as a couple said, wait a minute, has he cheated on it? Now he's not cheating on it. Does he have something else going on? Anybody addicted to something? They addicted to something?


No. They come to Y'all with that. Yeah. It's like can't. It's like you can't get interview if you're doing good. Yeah. You know, it's like The World thrives off of the negative. That's right. It's like the positive that people and that it can work. And talking about family and trying to hold family together. Emini here. 'cause you know, it just, Somebody put online the other day, they can't be that happy. They fake. Yeah, that's fake. That's, that's That's, people say that all the time. Yeah, they say, they say that all the time. And the reason is 'cause they're not happy in their life. So they can't see how you guys are not happy. I was gonna ask, so what do you tell young couples? 'cause you said something, you said y'all be, you've been together that long. No separations and never separation. Right. Me and my wife, we've been married 23 years, been together. 31. No separations. We worked through everything. Good, bad, ugly, whatever.


So what do you tell young couples? We took the voice off the coup. We took the voice off the table. And the thing is, is to, sometimes you gotta just separate and for instance in the house to just gather your thoughts versus like throwing venom like at the heat of the moment, sometimes you just have to back up. Okay, let's take a minute and digest what's happening versus, so you won't say pie, I say piercing things. Yeah, I've been saying that since the beginning. 'cause you can say stuff when you're angry and then you can't, you can't take them words back because thank you. No matter if somebody, say I'm sorry And I forgive you, but in the back of your head you stay Thinking and you never try to resolve issues in, in the middle of a battle. Right. Emini here, you, you just let it calm down a little bit.


Cool. Period. Just Cool it off a little bit. When you trying to resolve stuff in the middle of war, it gets a little hard because, you know, early on, like she say, just I, I'm quick with, quick with my mouth, quick with tongue. So I would Just say piercing stuff. And I just started to see how, man, this is devastating. This woman, it's crushing her. So, you know, I just start building her up. And What's the worst battle that you guys got into that you remember? That it was just nasty and you was going at her neck. She was going at your neck. Okay, so like we talk, Which one you gonna say One? The knock at the door? Yes, the knock at the door. Oh, oh. Knock at the door. Start up at the Door. We showed up at the queen. Well imagine this. Imagine she's at work. You at the house and the constable knock on the door and say, Hey, here you go.


Here are the papers. You've been served. You've been served. I say served with what? What? Oh, you have a baby? I'm like, what? I got a new, yeah. And so she comes home and is like, hey, how y'all day been? I'm good now This is how long y'all were married at this Time? We were married five years. By this time. Jesus. So before I got married I one of them last come by. The last last little hits. Yeah. Yeah. Come last little hits. Little relapse always gets you. Yeah. And so imagine her coming home and say, Hey, how your day? Oh my day was good. What you do today? Oh, I got us another baby. Oh, that's how you said it. No, I did not. I about to say course You like that or it took you some time to even Come out. I rehearsed It took him some time to get it out.


Okay. Yeah. I rehearsed it 'cause on the way home. Okay, I'm gonna tell her like this. So you know, you remember? Nah, I can't say it that way. So you know the time. And I could. Jesus crazy. I just tried to rehearse it. Do you remember? So finally had to come and say dear, you know, I might have a child that you know that I had. And And he, the thing is, is he, he had two. He had two, he said from a previous argument. That's what he calls it. So they, he said, but they, you know, two, two different ladies. The best things that ever happened, my two daughters, the best thing Ever happened. So it's like I told him, I said, okay, now I accepted the one because I was there when she was born. 'cause we was best friends. She was At the hospital the Day at my time. I went, I went to the hospital when, when she was born, the whole 21 hours, y'all sit there.


But, and he came and said this to me about the other young lady, which I knew about the other young lady. And I knew that they had been intimate. I knew they had a thing going and all of that. But for how it was presented, it's like, it was just a, it was rough for me to take, you know. I was like, I don't know. 'cause the chick, you know, God bless her. We in a better place now. But then she was rough to deal with. Right. You had to put holy hands on Em. I didn't put no holy hands on you. I just had, we had words, but not even to what? They don't do that. Don't, don't they, they, they, they aired this stuff. Don't put me out there like that. Somebody may come try me. I am, but I'm, but I'm licensed. There you, There you go. How about that?


Them holy Bullets. The holy bullets. So how did you, how did you get through it? How Did, but I just, you know what, we talked about it and David really pulled me and we sit down And we talked, well before, before we got there, it got really bad because she was like, I can't deal with this. I'm out. And I, I shared with her like, look, it's me and you against everything else. That's, that's the breakdown he gave me. It, it is me and you against everything else. Because I know that this is a hard situation to swallow. I know I put us in a bad situation. I tell my kids now, I say, look, I put y'all in a bad situation because now you gotta go over to your mom's house for Christmas. Okay? I'm about to have Thanksgiving. I say that's a hard place to put kids. And I say I take full responsibility Emini here. The, my, my two old daughters best thing ever happened.


You see 'em now. I went to get the, the blood test, you know how you go in to do the, the test And I was gonna go and do a test and you know the first thing, that baby probably ain't mine. That baby ain't mine. So by now she's five. And I walk in the place And I look down at this little face. I was, Shane, we ain't gotta take no blood. Her face is exactly like mine. Yeah. I was like, nah. I said, dear, we gotta just, now You ain't gotta tell my other part what she said to you. Oh Yeah, you, you, you gonna gimme a check, you gonna gimme that, check that. How was the babysit the baby? Oh my god. But it was, was, it was parents that mom was coaching. It was both of us as parents that put that kid in that bad situation.


Right. And our relationship, my relationship with with her is like, man, I I just love both of them. So you had No clue until the knock of the door, like Right Emini here. I, I, you know, there was murmurs, you know, it was, but I wasn't sure, of course I wasn't gonna volunteer. Yeah. Like bring another one on. But Emini here. So if the knock, if the knock at the door, if the knock at the door never happened, you would've just like, the murmurs just would've been there. Like you never wanted to know. I, I don't know. I don't know if I was even mature enough to say yes on that. Got you. You know, that's the whole deal is maturity. But that's the honesty. It's like if you didn't, because like I say, we knew that dad had been involved. Right. It's like, but it's a possibility. And you saw the baby. But to me she looked like him and she looked like her.


So it's like she was a great mixture of the two. But when David told me the resolve, for me DJ Envy was that it's, he did the, the the spark thing. He said, it's us and then it's them. It's everybody else. He said, so you never have to worry about me choosing you over them because it's us first and then them. So that gave me a reassurance. And that's, that's our relationship, kids, Everything. And I wouldn't have to be fighting to just have a, to have my place. Right. Because I knew that I had the papers. But still, you don't wanna be warring with someone else over just stuff that's even outside of your home. How did you Block out the noise? Right? Because I'm sure you had friends and girlfriends leave him. He's This that, and you have but it, no one, no one really honestly did come to me like that.


Because the thing is, is we were in a small community. A lot of us we were, yeah, we was church kids, we was in church singing and all this kind of stuff. So all of us did, did know each other and knew that they had been what they did. What is that? You know, doing what you need. Oh yeah. You know, being involved step outside the church. Yeah. So, but if people didn't really, they knew me as a person and they knew her as a person. So it's like she had her reputation. I had mine and it's like no one really never stepped to me and said anything crazy like that. But they was willing to defend me. Mm. Now mind you, when we wrote the, this book And I put the chapter, the knock at the door at it, girl, he was cheating on you all the time.


It's like, do the math, read the book. Just go read the book. You know, girl, I knew he was cheating. It's like you just gotta read and just follow. But Dont do the thing but's how we living and we breathing and we fight. That's through all through all the things. You know, 36 years later we're still building. We're still living because we just believe that heaven is our destiny. You know, we're breathing every breath with purpose. We believe that we have a call, we have a purpose to do what we do. Even to inspire people that follow us in relationships. Emini here, this is like you saying, everybody wanting us to do this together, Lauren. They do. And they expect to see us. It's like when you see one, it's like, okay, we're your husband. You out here by yourself? No, he's here. It's like he just stepped away Because trust me, I've been trying to lay in the cut while we've been doing this promo tour.


And the same Thank you. I was like, We fighting together. We doing this together. Yes. I really can't see Emini here. I don't see y'all apart. Y'all are really tag team back again. Every time we see y'all, we was Complete when y'all are together. And if, and that's, that's the, I love the completion of it because he completes me and my prayer is like, Lord, please give us more time. Give us more time together. And it's like, it's like, I don't know if I can do life without, without him. Without God. That, that is so beautiful. But it's the Truth. Me tear up. But it's The truth though because it's like, it is really a completion. David push me into this Emini here. He helped me to get to this point as a artist. He helped develop me as a artist. And it's like even when, even when it comes to like interviews y'all, this man with us being the same age, but he's walked me through life.


It makes me almost in tears right now because it's like, I'm really grateful. I'm really grateful. I'm thankful for you. And I really appreciate We done came to the break. You about to turn this into open. But having the opportunity no to even to be, you know, to be transparent and to even show people our lives. It's not a joke. It's, it's really serious that he's my friend and we really have a good time together. But we don't base it off of the things. And a lot of times I think in our life, especially in our culture, we build things like it. It has to be about the gifts and what we doing for each other. What we going and what we drive. Any it is no, We enjoy and we never based off sitting home on the cap. But I think Y was broke together. Broke. We was broke. Broke. But that was an understatement. We were broke and broke.


And I think that's what's missing a lot of times. Like even when I look at my wife and Charlamagne looks at his wife. We came up from the bottom. That's right. We didn't have anything. It was just love. It wasn't about a check. It wasn't about a dollar. So you built it together. Expensive to us was Red Lobster. Like, you know Emini here. That's Right. Know what Emini here baby. Y'all was my favorite. Y'all. That was special occasion, right? That sold crack two though. So Well I Oh, didn't get Oh you did? Back in day bit. Okay. Little Bit. I was too scared. Too scared. I was around it but was too scared to do that. Is that what got y'all to get into shape? 'cause you said, you know, you wanted to live like you wanted more time. Is that what made y'all say, you know what, let's get into the, I had a di whole diabetes scare and all this stuff and we was just like, man, we gotta do something. I can't leave her here by ourself. It's just too much going on.


Just seeing the craziness. And I'm just like, I can't leave her here by herself. I gotta get myself together. And so that's what we doing. We just a work in progress. You know this. Y'all are good man. Thank you. Working from the inside out. I think the importance of it's like this record and doing it is like mentally working, coming from a mental space, coming from building a body, doing differently, making better decisions for the body and that thing. It's like, so we can be here longer together. And I was, I was telling you off, Eric, thank you so much for what you're doing in this mental health space. Thank you brother. It means a lot to me as a black man and somebody who's expected to make The World feel good. And I was like, I, I shared with, I was embarrassed to come out with my story of depression and, and making it.


And to hear stories like you, yours and, and you're talking and just putting it in the forefront. It makes people like me say, good. I can share mine without being embarrassed. 'cause I was embarrassed really Emini here. Like, But why embarrassment though? People Expect you be so strong. People expect me every time to come out and perform. You gotta be funny. You gotta you gotta be funny. You gotta you Mr. Brown, you make The World laugh. Like she say, I grew up, I'm a family. Like, okay. So people expect that and so they don't know in in the background you dying. Literally dying and drowning. And so when people like you come out and, and you know, make it known, Hey, it's cool. I have a therapist And I have Jesus. That's right. And so, you know, I just want, but even all Of you, all of y'all lives what y'all give, it's, I think it's important that all of us bring what we bring to the table.


I feel like this pie is big enough for all of us to have a piece to share it. We can help somebody Emini here, one of our messages ought to get to somebody. Yeah. Emini here. My god Emini here. That's right. It's like what the platforms that we, we have, we should be able to help encourage somebody from any walk of life. I just feel like we're sent here, not just for us. We're sent here to help all walks Of life. So what's the message in this Album? This album is to live, breathe, and fight. Even though you're facing the things, you're facing the songs, excuse me, excuse me. On here's talking about Carry on. Even though that you've dealt with mental health or different, different things in your family or whatever your issues may be, we have to carry on. We deserve to win. After you've done and been through the mess and the upbringings that we've came out of, we deserve to win.


You deserve to have some nice things. You deserve to have a smile on your face to be in a good relationship. And I keep miss you gonna find somebody. I I've been watching Emini here talking to my scream. Leave her alone. Thank you. She don't Pray though. She don't pray about It. Don't leave alone. Dunno, dunno. She know my body. She was kind of like you early on. She was a player player. That is not True. That is not true. But all The men on What she's been doing, checking of the radio day. I see it. Trust Me, I'm with you. If you've been watching, you know, I know I did not start out player, player. I was thinking, wait, You messed up. You said I didn't start out player. I didn't Emini here once you get she, she was, I wasn't a player.


I was, I'm single. Don't prove me wrong. I'm just meeting people, you know, and now I I'm, she Kicks the same game to the same guys. That's not true. And they figure it out to the fact, fact that two gentlemen said, you need to fix yourself. You need to get the, to come back Around. Two, she need to heal. First of all, two men told us she need to heal Tamara. And Don't, one of them only lasted to the Sunday after homecoming. Oh, Because you needed to Heal. No, because he don't get me started. A lot of it be a lot of it be deflecting and Cap the, the language you use. She be calling these guys things like eaters. Y'all know about that? No. You know, we owe do not My best eater.


I didn't say that. I don't say that. I don got in the phone, got 'em labeled in the phone Eater eat too. Best eater. That is not true. I would Thursday eater. Let's pray. But I think we should. I'm down to pray. But when you look, but when you down, but when you're Looking at being found, I think we have to make a list of what we are wanting in a relationship. And


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


This is an ad by Better help. What's your perfect night? Is it curling up on the couch for a cozy peaceful night in therapy? Can feel a bit like that? Your comfort place where you replenish your energy with better help. Get matched with a therapist based on your needs entirely online. It's convenient and suited to your schedule. Find comfort this season with Better help. Visit better help.com today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The cracker the bat and Another one Gone. A tip the cap because another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I give nine months before Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Then you become the list. I a list talk. That talk. I have a List. So we become the list. And just like one of the songs is called Big Facts, that's on, it's my fun song. But it's like looking in the mirror, examining yourself, fixing yourself. So when he finds you, you are ready. It's like you're making ready. It's not like you're just sitting when he find it. What does he find? He finds a good thing. You find favor. We bring the favor. Women don't realize that when you a man, a man finds you and connects with you. You are the favor to the relationship. And favor goes way beyond money. That's right. So it's like you wanna be, it's like I don't understand it, but it's like I found these things out later in life that I have value, that I have, I have a purpose.


And again, a call. Y'all got Tam over minister to now Emini here. First of all, don't say Lauren needed it because you do a lot of people a lot. They What? They don't understand. I promise you don't receive it. No, no, no, no, no. I don't receive it from him. I don seen Her text. I receive it from you. She text a man of scripture. Proverbs 1821, talk about a life and death in the power of the tongue. Either true. What Is true Big brother. That's, I did not send that to. Did you? That scared. I would never send boys go that high Because why would y'all play in front of God face like that? Yeah. Okay. I would never sit in a proverb talking about my best eater. My pastor would have your tongue.


Help me Lord. Help us Lord. See that was too easy of a joke. You she just laid it out out there. I That's why You know what You doing? I was waiting. But Don't. But what? Don't take that will you don't but just, just know what you want. And it's okay to have standards And it, but you said that you realize later in life about your value, right? Yeah. But yes. But it takes time for you. It does. To get to a certain point where you feel like, okay, now I'm ready to enter back into things. Yes. I just feel like some men don't understand when you're taking that time. Now that doesn't mean that you're lonely or without, it's just, you know, you need that time. I stepped away from something. See that's the healing I needed that time Healing process when y'all said for her taking her time for heal. That's the healing process right there. So she is in the process of being healed. Look the way she looking at them.


So y'all just have to, it's her way. Are You still dating healing? She was at Gho this weekend. So, but honestly What's that? What's GI got eaters. I be with the hoes. I'm so sorry for them. That's okay. I brought y'all into this And I do not. It's okay. But as long as you know. Yeah, I know what's, And I know these guys are y'all stop teasing her. Thank You. Why you Gonna come here and try to mama Somebody? Yes, I'm this old. I'm just old. I'm, I'm the oldest in here. I'm 58. I did take time before I started dating. I took a, I took a lot of time 'cause it was a long relationship that I was in. And then I got back outside. That's, and now here come these two, I see God working on it.


God Is working on, you know, he ain on Me is one of my Titles. That's right hand, right hand on me. Because You don't need to have hands around the, the his throat. What his Jacob, The way he got his foot on my, he Need a choke on it. What? But I Have a song on, it's called Power. Talking about the power of God. You should listen to his. I'm like, that's right. It's a good one. The power is really just talking about how, just how the Lord, it just maneuvers and how his power just happens over things. And to just how he just holds us Emini here. It's just amazing how God just really protects us when we don't know that we being protected. We think we out here doing it ourselves, but the Lord is really shielding us. So it's just right. It's just really a blessing to be able to bring good, you know, my hope is that it's good music and people can be healed and have inspiration from it.


I was gonna ask about, Lord I trust you. Right. 'cause you know, to to, to what you're speaking about now. You say, when the sun's not shining down on me, when the chaos is overwhelming my peace, when my life is spinning outta control. When I lose my grip And I start to let go, Lord, I trust you. How hard is it to put your trust in God when things aren't going well? When, when you don't see no light at the end Of time? It could be, it could be hard to me. That's when I have a real good cry. Mm. I just get in my, I I get in my car a lot. 'cause my car to me, it's like I can get away from everything and don't have to hear anything. It's like that in my closet. It's like a prayer closet and in my car. But it's like, because God, it's like I don't understand what's happening right now. This last year and a half, half of things and things coming to me.


Like, I can't believe that, that I'm in this situation. I can't believe that I'm having a fight just to prove who I am. And I, and I've thought I was doing that, but it's like, okay Lord, I trust you. I I trust that you going to handle it. And then that's when the Psalm two came for me, working for me. That the Lord just gave me a stamp of approval. You may not see me at work, but I'm working in your behalf that he's working for me. Bless you. Thank you. So it's just, I, I just take comfort in knowing that he's my guide and he's my help. He's my present. Help in the time of storm that even when I don't see it, nobody else is around. He's there And I can go to him And I ain't gotta worry about him. My business being in the street.


That's why testimony is so important though, right? Yes. Because I like to hear other people's stories and what they've been through and what they overcame. The overcoming of it. That's right. The Overcoming of that was your last album overcoming The Overcome. It sure was. Overcoming. And and that's the thing is, and the Lord has allowed me to finish the work even to the, to extent of even with my body. I finally found, I, I reached the goal of like even the weight loss that I was trying to do. So, but to even spiritually become a, a writer like I wrote on, it's like I gave direction on every song on this album. So it's like things that I'm proving to myself and showing like, Lord, you know, I, I wrote the plan down And I I'm following through with the plan And working for me.


That was your 11th number one, right? Yes. Congratulations. So you, congratulations you broke the record of all time. Number one gospel. Yeah. And gospel music. Wow. Congratulations. Congratulations with her mentor and Kirk. We're tired. Yeah, we're tired for number one. We're tired, but, And I, I didn't Emini here, you don't see this stuff coming. You hope people gonna like the music and enjoy it. But it's like when it happened, I don't even look at the charts y'all. They have, they tell me she never, She never know Working for me. You lean into the country music this. Yeah. So I know, And I know Kirk Franklin is known for dibbling, dabbling different beats and sounds and stuff like that. Have you thought about like what, you know, it would be like for you to do other styles or bring other styles like the r and b or like anything secular but making it gospel kind of how he does a bit? Well I Kind of have some them ballads that's close to I would say maybe r and b.


I've had a little R Ara and B and then we then, And we did do a love project us against The World that I did. Like I have a song that's called Fields. I sing a song that's called Feel Like It is really a straight r and b song. We didn't push it, but I think it would've really did well. But I just didn't want people to think that I was trying to do r and b music. That I still wanna stay in my genre. 'cause I feel like, again, like I said earlier, we all have a, a part, a part to play. And really, she was afraid of what people were gonna say. And I say worried About what people were gonna say. And I did. I was, I was, I was very fearful. And it wasn't like I was fighting them, but I was dragging my feet.


Right. It's like I feel like if I can hear whatever, I can sing whatever, you know, like when you say the country music, it's like I'm country y'all, y'all hear it in my, just how I talk. But I know about the chickens and the hogs, you know, I was raised actually in the country. So it's like those things to me was, it's like I've been stretched and people just don't, I I think once you hear, a lot of times we only listen to people's single that they have out. But we really don't go listen to the body of work. The whole Project. And even with, even with the, the, the, the love the project project we did, she was afraid like of what people were gonna think. I'm in the studio, I got my chest hairs And I got my sun shade. I'm doing my best r and b.


Oh, you was ready What Emini here. Let the lights down, pull the lights, The lights down. I had my Shades on. I was doing my, yeah. And she was like, just have, I said, that is not how you sing. But then I realized she was afraid of what the church crowd was going to, you know, think Of her. But once I thought about it, it's like I'm singing to the love of my life. I'm singing to him. I'm not singing for y'all per se. Emini here. Thank God for everybody. But I was singing to him and the song is, you make me feel like I'm on top of The World. And when it's the truth he does. So it's like when you hear this song, it's like, it just brings it all to life of like me talking straight to him or him, you know, feeling like when he touch me it's just, it's just, I feel when I get you, he still, he still gimme me goosebumps.


I feel how I feel. High feel Babe, don't do that. Don't do that Right now. Feel, because you're not, don't do that. Right. You know, if I Touch you don't, don't do that right now. But What's wrong with that though? Y'all marry. Why can't two marry people who have that? It's True, but it's just the society that we live in. Yeah. It's like how people, we can be judgmental. We could be the most loving, but we also can be the most judgmental when it comes to Christian people. I Don't understand that about Christianity. I'm not gonna lie. Emini here. Idea's. Not also not judge one of the first things they teach. But the people And I, it's not, And I love being on this side, but I don't know why we are like that. I have no Idea. But it's, it just, it does have to be a separation though y'all. It has. It's just, you know, there, this just has to be, I wouldn't come and look for you to do certain things just like you probably wouldn't expect for me to do certain things.


And it's not judgemental. You just, it's just like what you've represented. You just, that's just kind of like, like what your parents just like, sometimes even some ki like our kids like to talk about sex. They don't want us to talk about sex, but we have sex. We Have Sex. So it's like, but it's just like people don't Want, well we make Love people. We do. And people don't wanna hear certain things from certain people. Yeah. So it's not, I don't think all of it is, I would say judging. It's just you just, mm. I might start old saying, what would Jesus do? Could you see him just pulled back on on one? Yes. Get out. No he wouldn't smoke some weed. Get out there to burning Bush was absolutely no bush Burning. Bush was to bring a message.


Didn't you say the to Again his father created the Burning bush was not for you him smoking? No, the bush was being burnt to show as a sacrifice. So Imagine question Man. It ain't sacrificed in the bush that I'm talking about. No they not. No. They cooking greens. God creates everything for a purpose. God created marijuana. He did. But it but it, it wasn't for us to to be like joyous Walk around to get high. It's as fiber healing. Now I do believe there some medical purposes Too. Healing. It's healing. It's for healing. It is not for us to just be like, whoa, I'm gonna go get, I'm gonna go get one for. And I'm just in my clap now because I got people, I, this young man, I ain't gonna mention his name, but he said, mama man, I love your album.


And when I'm there man, I'm going straight to church. It's like, but he high, This girl can listen to him. A man Though. He said man, he said I had a best church. I said, I said come on, you Almost said his name. I said come on now you know you. He said, but he says it's true though. He said I just have better church. When I'm, when I done smoke, when He Get high, he listen to your album and go to church. Yes he Is going to listen to the church, church from, you gotta meet people where they ask him, I think Jesus getting high with all disciple love and she loves you. I love him on sit and talking To him on the phone. Emini here I take time. I take time with people. 'cause it's like, once you really get to know me, I really am a mama. Mama and I'm a auntie Auntie. So it's like, and I'm for everybody And I, you know, I love to cook for everybody. So Mama man's kitchen is another thing that, that I'm doing.


But it's just, I just love people And I just love, I just feel like I should be able, we should be able to rap and talk about everything. Y'all don't Think Jesus got high? I don't. I'm gonna push you out that seat. Listen, why do you think all them people thought he was walking on water? Ain't on cup, but nigga out. Listen, listen, he turned the water in the wine. So that's the alcohol cus but I know that. And he turned the fish bowl, the fish and the bread. He, he multiplied of everybody that, that's the munchies man. I don man. Man, that is the munchies. I see why you always on him. Come on, Come on Lauren, get this. So this is, I'm with You. This is your Time. What I'm doing, I'm allowing him to jump off the cliff on his own and we just gonna watch him go Down. Jesus know my heart. He working on me.


All need to say he, You know my heart and he working on me. Still Help Me, Lord. Live, breathing, fight y'all Live, Breathe, Fight. He's sitting there like, I can't believe some of the stuff he saying keep living, keep, keep. Because sometimes He talk so like, like You Be telling him he talk too much. No, No, no. He says it's so aggressive and with so much force that you think is true. Right? He been up here for 15 years talking about he saying right, The burning bush Was dead. Jesus is smoking a burning bush. It was not. So there's a lot of people out there listening and you, Jesus was smoking bush get and you, you know, even that's what I'm saying, you, he's a real believer. Like you real, you know the word. You know that bush was not there for him. We call God the most high wrongs.


The so give re too. You people out there that agree and listen to him. They do. And you, that's misleading. And you stop that Augusta Mama me, God, if I did anything wrong, you know my heart, God, back before all of us get, leave the building. Right? Can we play some records off This album? Please? What you wanna hear right now, Lauren? What you wanna hear? Deserve to working for me? Deserve To win is my my new single. Yes Lauren, You wanna hear that? Deserve to win. Yes. This is good. You deserve to win Lauren. Matter of fact, let's play both because I don't know if I might go to hell after what I just said. So let's play both just in case. Wait, he said what?


Both. Let's play both. Oh, let's do working for me and deserve to win. Don't try To bring God on in here. Double to now. Now you see double You were just smoking with God. Now you get double. Yeah. All I told you he gonna throw up That ain't won't dot. He do it. He's working for us tonight. Tonight, man, you gotta see a prayer before we get up outta here. Father God, we thank you for this day. We thank you for this opportunity to be before your people where should just bless us, Lord God. Bring inspiration, understanding to all of us, God in every area that we need and touch those that are having problems for us in their minds, Lord God, to just bring and lift every weight off of us. Oh God, we just give you glory for this opportunity.


Thank you for The Breakfast Club. Thank you for what they bring for our people and we give you glory for everything that you're doing. Jesus name, amen. Amen. Amen. We appreciate you for joining us. Always a pleasure, man. Thank you so much. Thank y'all. Pick up the album out right now. Live, Breathe, Fight, fight, fight. And remember, keep Living, keep breathing, keep fighting Y'all. God did not smoke the burning bush. He did not. He was. It was. That's not it. It was for sacrifice. Come on, get outta. There it Is. The Breakfast Club. Get outta there. The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Through Two Shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where Prohibited by Law 18 Plus Terms Inc.


This is an ad by Better Help. What's your perfect night? Is it curling up on the couch? For a cozy, peaceful night in therapy can feel a bit like that. Your comfort place where you replenish your energy. With better Help get matched with a therapist based on your needs entirely online. It's convenient and suited to your schedule. Find comfort this season with better help. Visit better help.com today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com.