
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I don't know if you know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRose is filling in, and we got our niece with us today. Nyla, Big Nyla. All right. And we got a special guest in the building. We have October, London. Welcome brother. What's up? What's up? Good morning, sir. Good morning. How, how you feeling? I Feel good. Feel good, man. Yeah. Is it hard to put on a double vest suit and tie an ensemble in the morning? Not at all. Not at all easy. I actually love it. Yeah. Fresh look. Very fresh Look. Oh yeah, yeah. For sure. Sometimes I sleep in it on the bus. Now. Now you're signed to death row. Yeah. With Snoop. Yeah. Now talk about how you got the deal and, and how he heard you and how that all came together.


Yeah. For people that don't know. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So I was actually on my way to graduating truck driving school. Trucking school You trucking school? Yeah. You had just CDLI. No, I quit right before I did it. Truck sometimes though. I Was, yeah, I was about to, I Truckers. I just don't like how they drive. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot to it. But I, I was about to, I didn't, I didn't do it because I end up linking up with Jazzy Faye. I end up, you know, linking up with him through a friend of a friend, And I got his number And I text him like, yo, I got these records, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. But I was sending him records. They were rap records. They were records for Future. They were records for all these other artists You were producing. Yeah, Yeah. I was producing, you know, And I was writing 'em Also Hook as well, huh?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Putting hooks on him. And I happened to just kind of sneak in one of my songs that I did called Colorblind that had that kind of Marvin Lane, and I sent it to him. I just waited and he hit me back and was like, yo, you got some, you got some heat? You know, I'm linking up with somebody. He didn't tell me who it was. He was like, I, I'm not gonna tell you who it is or anything like that, but I'm looking up with somebody like really important legend in the game. I might play it for him. I was like, oh, awesome, cool. I Didn't, he thought he was bsy. Yeah, yeah. You know, it's, I've been through the ringer you, so I'm like, all right, cool. Whatever, whatever, you know? So I kept going back to school, all that kind of stuff, as far as trucking and come about. We kept, you know, conversation on and off. So that was like, that was like December when I got to talking to him first.


So fast forward to about February, and he hit me up and he was like, yo, you remember I told you I was gonna play your records for someone? I was like, yeah. He is like, I'm gonna have him call you, or we're gonna call you together and you can talk to him. And, and he can, you know, tell you what's up. I was like, all right, cool. What year was this? This was 2016 now. Okay. 16. Yeah. Yeah, the 16. And the night before the Super Bowl, he hit me up and was like, yo, I got that person online. Hold on just a second. And he was with him, and he was like, yo, it's the big homie Snoop Dogg, man, I'm a big fan. I was like, oh, How did you feel? I honestly, I was like, this is, this is gotta be a joke. It Was. I was like, yeah, you know, at that point I'm like, nah, this can't be real.


And yeah, it was, it was real. And he was like, yo, I'm gonna fly you out. Me and Jazzy gonna link up, talk about, you know how we're gonna do this. We're gonna do it together. I said, okay, cool. And a couple days after that, he was like, yo, we're gonna fly you out around March. So, you know, I got there March 16th, 2016, and that was a wrap. That's when I met him. But why, why, why? Just throw away the CDL Dream. We need a lot more trouble. Shut Up, man. But Emini here, he was right there, man. He was right there, Man. I was, I was right there. But you, I don't know, it just wasn't, it wasn't, wasn't for me at that Emini here. I'm not gonna pass up opportunity to Snoop. I guess the question I'm really asking about is just faith. Like, how does your discernment say, man, even though I've been doing this for so long and I'm right there, I'm going to have faith in this situation over here to pull, come through.


I don't know. I, I believe in God, so I just kinda was going off of him, And I really was like, no, this is gonna be messed up. You need to go stick with this. Do the nine to five. It's just gonna be another obstacle. You're not gonna make it the same thing I've been doing for years at this point. I've, oh, it's about to be, oh, now it's not happening. Oh, it's about to be, oh, it's, I've done that several times over. So at first I was kind of skeptical. I was like, man, you're gonna go out here. Snoop's gonna hear your music. He's gonna say, okay, cool. You're gonna do one song. It's not gonna go nowhere. What I'm, I'm thinking a million things. And it just happened, you know? It just, we got there, me and him clicked, you know, me and him both are Libras. So we did one song, he played one beat.


He's like, yo, I want you to hear this track. He played it, we got a, it's called Top Down, I think it's Out still. And he played that record And I instantly started, you know, writing to it. And I had a hook really quick. And he was like, damn, okay. All right. He is like going to studio and doing, you know, record it. Went in there, recorded it. He put his verse on there. He was like, all right, lemme do something else. Put another beat. And then I did that one really quick and he was like, okay. So you got a little work ethic. And then me and him for the next six months, maybe three to six months, just back and forth, working on each other's, like work ethic. He was like, okay, you, you're for real. You're free. How, how did your family feel about you being like, oh, okay, I was this close, but I'm gonna just go over here and do this thing. 'cause they've been riding the wave with you, right?


Yeah, yeah. They've been riding wave with me for a long time. But they've been really supportive. Family, friends, everybody's been supportive. I don't know how many times I've called my boy Jamie, but they In the business though. Your mom's a singer? Your dad's a My dad was, my dad was in the business. Yeah, my dad was in, in the business. He toured and, you know, toured with Earth, wind and Fire and all that. Probably opening up for him, something like that. But it, it never really reached this level. So he's ecstatic. Got you. So that's where your soul full, like your household was full of music. Absolutely. And I hear it in all the songs. Absolutely. Yeah. I grew up on, before even listening to even rap or even Snoop or anything, I was listening to Earth, wind and Fire. I was listening to Confunction, I was listening, you know, so many artists, Frankie Beverly, rest in peace, you know. So I've been listening to old school for a while and then I started listening to jazz And I started getting into that more, a little bit of Miles Davis.


So as far as music goes, I'm all across the board. Now. You also, So where were you before you got the call to go to la? 'cause how does the truck driver connect with Jazzy Faye? Well, Emini here, you know, it was just because my boy knew somebody that knew some. It was, it was that whole, you gotta know somebody kind of aspect to it. So, you know, my boy, DeMarco Black called me and was like, yo, come over to the house. I got this contact. I was like, all right, cool. I was like, I really don't wanna do this, man. I'm doing this. I'm about to do this nine to five thing, man. I'm tired. I don't wanna, you know, I went over there And I was like, okay, cool. Let's, let's make this call. And then we ended up making the call and it, it just worked out. Were you doing all of this in Indiana, or did you like venture out to another city? Yeah, I was doing all this in South Bend, Indiana.


Yeah, south Bend, Indiana. That's where Mayor Pete used to be. The Pete Buttigieg used to be the Mayor. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. He gave me the proclamation before he dipped outta office. What Kind of town is that? That must be like a progressive time. If they elected the first. Well, I Don Dunno if he's the first gay man. Well, he had to be the first gay man South Bend, right? Yeah. Emini here. It's, yeah, you have Notre Dame. I live right across the street from Notre Dame. So yeah. So you have that. But yeah, it's a college town. It's very, you know, it's not too small and it's not, it's not a big town at all. But yeah. He gave you what a key to the City or No, no, he gave me the option. He said either I can give you the key to the city. 'cause he had heard colorblind and saw where I was going with it. And it's not, south Bend is definitely not musically inclined at all. It's more sports. It's Notre Dame or it's Colts or it's all that kind of stuff. So he was like, you can either a key to the city, you can have the proclamation.


And I was like, okay, well what does the key to the city even open up? But he is like, you know nothing, but you can have this proclamation. And I was like, you really accent. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, well, Emini here. I knew, but I was just like, I was kind of being, you know, I was jokey And I yo his mind, yeah, what door is like, what is this? You, you, what am I getting out for this? And he was like, no, it's just, you know, I was like, nah. I was like, nah, I'm good. I was like, what's the proclamation? But go Ahead. Yeah. I was like, just let It just go. Just let it go. Just let it go. He's a great dude. Secondary piece's a great dude. Yeah, yeah. No, no, he is, he is good. He is good. So he was like, the proclamation, you have your own day and they have to celebrate you for the rest of your life on this day. And I was like, I'll take that. Now. You, you signed a death row. Was, were you nervous to sign a death row?


'cause this was the relaunch of death row and I'm sure, you know, with, with icons like Pac and Snoop and DPG and all that. Yeah. I'm sure people were assuming the first one was gonna be a rapper, right? A hardcore rapper. Yeah. But it was, it was you, was you nervous at all? Absolutely. Yeah. I, I just knew I was in the room when he was finishing the call, like, deal's done. Okay, cool. I was like, man, oh this is gonna be dope for you, man. You know, you gonna find some dope rapper outta LA or somewhere like that. And he was like, no, no, no, it's gonna be you. I'm like, what? Like that don't even make sense. This is gangster rap label. Like, I thought we was doing this other thing. He was like, no, no, no, you're gonna be the flagship for death row. I was like, ah, Jesus Christ. I better learn how to crib wall.


Yeah. Like I really, you know, I'm working on it, but I'm just like, man, I don't know if that's gonna work out, but it's Snoop, you kind of roll with that. And it worked out. It was just, we were like, we're gonna put out this RB album, whatever this RB album was gonna be. We didn't figure out what it was. He knows I'm a multi-gen artist, so he is like, we're, we're gonna figure it out along the way, but you're gonna be the first person that we put out. And I was like, okay. Isn't Need death row, like legacy, like Dr. Dre or Suge, like commented on your work. Yeah, Dr. Dre has for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been in the studio with Dr. Dre several times. I'm actually on the new Dre and Snoop album that's coming out this year. Missionary, yeah. Missionary crazy title. I love it. I love it. So I've, I've been able to hear that whole album in full.


And that album sounds incredible, by the way. So shout out to Dre. It's on that level. Is it? Because, you know, yeah, it's a lot of expectation. Dre and Snoop, they saying it's the follow up to doggy style. It's a lot of expectations. It's, it's amazing. It meets the mark. It it, yeah, it hits the mark. Definitely. So, you know, Dre Dre definitely loves my music. I've played him other stuff too, but he, he really loves, and even that track that I'm on is very Marvin Gaye esque. 'cause he lo you know, he loves Marvin. Wait, now I'm being nosy. Is the project cohesive? Like, is there a message with missionary or like, are you saying I don't wanna give too much? Yeah, I don't wanna give too much. I don't want to, you know, I don't need Dre calling me. I don I do not need that. What Happened with the Marvin Gaye? Wasn't Dre doing the Mar they were doing a Marvin Gaye movie and he was doing the soundtrack? Were you involved in that?


Yeah. Yeah, that's what I heard. I heard that there was a soundtrack or something like that, or a movie, but I don't know where it was going. And I, I think I was gonna be a part of that, but I haven't really heard anything on it. So I don't know. When you put out The Rebirth Of Marvin, I thought you was Bugging. I know. I saw it. I saw it Because I felt like you was putting too much pressure on yourself. Because when you compare yourself, the mythical, iconic ghost like Marvin, that's an impossible bar to reach. So what was your mindset? I know when you put that up, I didn't, that album was not supposed to come out. Mm. That album was not, I, I wasn't trying to be Marvin. I'm not trying to fill his shoes. I'm not trying to do any of that. That is not what I was trying to do. Like I said, I, I'm multi genre artist. I just go off of vibes. So if I'm feeling, oh, today I'm gonna do pop today, then I'm gonna go in the studio, probably knock out a whole pop album real quick and then I'm gonna go ahead and set it aside.


'cause that's what I'm feeling. So I go off of feeling, you know, feeling the music and what I'm, you know, what I'm feeling at that time. So I was in the studio, and if you've been to Snoop's Compound, he plays music 24 hours a day, seven days a week through the hallways. And at that time I was in the studio just going through stuff and trying to figure out what track I was gonna do next. And Marvin played like three, four times. So then instantly in my head, I'm already in that zone. So I was like, okay, cool. Then Snoop sent over a track And I was like, oh, this is dope. And then I started doing it And I was like, oh, that sounds a little bit Marvin, but I'm just gonna keep doing it. Whatever liked it so much that I was like, oh, I'm gonna do another track. And then Snoop came in and was like, yo, this is really dope.


Let me know when you, you know, finish with it. 'cause he knows I like to work in, like, I like to work in spurts so I don't do just one track and go to the next. Like, I'm like, well if I'm, I've done two, I might as well do eight more and make it a album. And I just put it up, have a bunch of records just put up, I finished the record in like a week. Rebirth of Marvin was done in a week. I pretty much freestyled the whole thing as far as freestyle. And I know it's different, but it's like going up to the mic and just kind of saying what I feel. Did that, like back to Your Place was done in an hour? My Holland Drive was done in the hour. Both of those went number one. Wow. So that's how I do all of my music. So I put it away. I was like, all right, that was fun. I was in that Marvin Lane Gray, let me put it aside. Now let me get on this Bryce and Tiller Lane real quick. 'cause that's what I wanted to put out. That's what I thought dog wanted me to do.


And that's not what happened. Dog came in and was like, what you doing? I'm like, oh, I'm just putting it up. I'm gonna start on this. He was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're putting this out. And I was like, no, nobody want to hear old school right now. He is like, trust me, this is, the lane is open. Nobody's doing it right now. Let's just do it. All right, cool. But it sounds a little bit like Marvin. He is like, no, don't worry about that. I'm like, they're gonna chew me. They're gonna chew my ass up. So, you know, we started sitting with the album Back to Your, we put it out. We didn't even pick a single, we let the audience pick. They picked back to your place. They picked Mulholland Drive. You know how Many girls I know that Love Back To Your Place For Real? Yes. That song is the song. I didn't even, yes, I, I, I forget what I was playing, but, oh, I think it might have been made Me on Instagram.


But that song, I was like, what is this song? Yeah. I was telling Envy that, like, that is how I found you 'cause of the song. I didn't know who you were. And then I heard the song And I was like, who is October line? And I started Googling, I'm like, death row, like it just, all of it. It's weird. Yeah. But it made me, I was so interested. I'm like, okay, if Death Row is gonna go for this type of sonic sound. Yeah. He has to be talented. So it made me wanna listen to more. 'cause it, it just was completely different than what I thought. Yeah, it would be. But I know that like some people did have things to say, but a lot of people love the music because it sounds good. But I know that Ola gr Zola Gay, who's Marvin Gaye's sister, she had made some comments that she liked the music, but she did say that she was just confused why you would wanna sound like another person and not do original songs. Like what do you get out of it?


Yeah. Did you get to have a, a conversation with her? Any of his family or Yeah, I did. You know, she was, seemed like she was mad as hell at me, which I knew that was gonna happen. Yeah. I was like, you know, and Dog wanted to name it Rebirth of Marvin. I did not, I was like, let's just call it The Rebirth. I tried to push towards that, but you know, I'm, I'm following, you know, at this point I'm like, okay, alright. You know, dog has a plan, I'm just gonna go with it. He's been right this whole time. Yeah. I've been with him for a long time. I know him. Let's just do that. And we called it Rebirth to Marvin. 'cause that's what he wanted to title it. And then, yeah, she was not happy about that. 'cause she was like, yeah, you can sing, that's great, but you, you sound like my brother a little bit and it's freaking me out.


And I was like, that's cool. I, I just wish she, at that point she didn't go, you know, on wax and say all social stuff. Yeah, yeah. And just, I wish she just would've called me or called Dog or somebody like that because then people got on her that love my music, that love Back to Your Place. So then they attacked her and I'm like, we have to stop this. But then, you know, we ended up getting on a call together, me and a few of the other family members, and they were like, we completely support you. We understand now that you're not trying to be Marvin. You don't even wanna fill his shoes or anything like that. You were just in a vibe. And I was like, that's what I've been trying to tell everyone. Like, that's not me. I was just feeling something. Yeah. For People that never heard you. Right. Because we introducing you to some people that might not never have heard you listening, some people might think that you are a mimicking artist, right?


Because you just said I was in a Marvin zone and then I was in a Bryon zone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Even on the new album, it's like old, sounds like old r Kelly Kelly A. Little from Public Announcement. So who is October London and where, where does the sound come from? Because when I, when I first heard, I thought it was like, well that's his voice. He can't change his voice. Right. If it sounds like Marvin, he sounds like Marvin, you know what, Emini here. Right. But who is October London then? Yeah, October London is, okay. So this new album, October nights, it's more of a transitional album. It's getting out of that lane. I'm finally being like, okay guys, let's get away from this. When it's, when you start the album, you know, you have, you have Touch on Me and all those records like that. And then, yeah, like you said, and r Kelly's been, you know, my top number one artist. 'cause Emini here, the writing style Emini here, come on.


It's, it's Kels. Then once you get towards the end of the album where you have the big record called Time, that's me. You know what I'm saying? Like those records, that's me. Like enjoying myself. And then the third album, obviously when I, whenever I do that, then you're gonna get all of me. But right now it's just kind of showing people that I can do these waves and I know that we're missing this sound. I'm not necessarily taken from everybody. I just have been listening to everybody so much. Like s and Ronald is and all that. I just take just a little bit, put it here. But I don't really take from them. I'm just taking that vibe to give you that vibe. Give you that love and that pain and that, that, you know, what you feel. What we've been feeling for years.


So Though this is a transition project, I still feel like sonically production kind of sounds cohesive. Do you have like a built-in team that you work with? Or did you decide to work with new people for this Project? Yeah, Emini here usually. Usually. And Snoop will tell you, usually I do everything myself. Like I, I write, I produce, I mix, I master I engineer myself because I'm like, I gotta get it done right now. Like, if I feel something I need to get done, I don't wanna sit here and be like, oh hey engineer, what's up? Oh, I can be there at four o'clock. No, no, no, no. I gotta feel this now. So I learned to do all this stuff on my own. So I do, on this album, on October nights, I teamed up with producers like Jeff Giddy Poo Bear.


I got with Baby Face, you know, obviously Snoop Executive produced the album as well. And I got with my, my homie Superfly also, everybody knows Superfly. Legend. Legend, yeah. Legend in the game. So he came through, put his spin on it as well. And it came out really, it came out really well because we had kind of went through a thing where I submitted like this album and like, all right, let's change this. Let's put horns here, let's do this. And it just turned out so beautiful. I love it. I would love to know what the Babyface sessions were like. 'cause I know Babyface, he didn't want you to come in on nothing except for you. I'm sure. So what, what was that energy like? It was good energy, man. We pulled up, he was just ready to get down to business. Like immediately there was no, oh, let's kick it and chill.


Let's eat, let's have a little breakfast and all. He was just like, alright, you ready? I'm like, yeah, let's go in there. And we did the session. We knocked it out. It didn't even take all day really. He went to writing it And I just let him do his thing. 'cause you know, you're in front of a legend. I'm not trying to be like, well I'll do this and that. I'm not about to do it. I'm about to sit here and what you need me to do. Give A lot of coaching. Like Yeah, Emini here. He, yeah, he did man in, in the lab. We actually, yeah, it was a lot. I'm not going, okay, I can't, I can't hold you. It was a lot. And he knows it was a lot. 'cause I was like, okay. It was funny 'cause we were doing the takes. He was like, oh, okay, let's do this first take of this. And I do the line. He was like, all right, let's do it again. And I do the line and I'm like, okay, that second one was perfect. We're good. That's what I want to say.


All right, we're good. Let's go. Let's go to the next line. He's like, no, let's do it again. Let, and again, I'm like, okay, all right. Okay, cool. All right, we'll do it. And then he is like, all right, cool, now you ready to really do it. And I'm like, I thought we were just doing it. I thought that was it. He was like, oh no, I wasn't recording at all. I was just making sure you were on, on top of it. I thought the classes get made though. I'm like, okay, cool. So see, and that's, I'm not used to that. I'm used to, like I said, back to your place, one take, boom, the first line, it was just boom, boom, boom. I just make it quickly. And even when I told him that, he was like, yeah, no, impossible. Like, no, that's how I do my records. So he was like, oh, so I'm really at this point, you know, like putting you through it. And I was like, yeah, but it's cool man. It's all good.


I'm, I'm, you know, ready to learn. It's all good. Did you ever think in your life that you'd probably sign the OVO? Or did you ever wanna sign the OVO? Yeah, I did. Absolutely. I'm a fan of Drake, so yeah, I definitely wanted to, I remember having conversations with Snoop, like, Hey, you know who he should go to, man, who I should do some records. Well, let me go over here and go to Drake. He's like, yeah, yeah, no, for sure. Yeah, I call him, all right, cool. And then I wait and then did Go, Kendrick messed all that up, Man. Kendrick, that's a whole other thing. Yeah. But yeah, I like him both. Why did, Did you ask that? Because His name's I October. Oh Yeah. So I wanted to be that, you know, And I was like, ohm, October birthday's 10 17, this would be perfect fit.


But Oh, or Gucci. Gucci is 10 17. Yeah, 10 17. Yeah. That's right. That's right. But Snoop is a great, great fit, man. I just love, I really love, I'm, I'm actually a happy artist. Like I talked to so many artists that are just so unhappy and depressed and you know, it's like they have people over their shoulders all the time. And I, that's not what happens at Death row, right? Snoop is like, Hey, how you feeling this week? I'm feeling like a pop record. Alright, cool. Call me when it's done. That's it. There's no stress about it. There's no, oh, we shouldn't do that. Let's do it. That's Right. Being someone who has done it all for so long, like for yourself, what was the transition like, having to take the lead of like, other people with your vision?


Tough. Yeah, very. 'cause I've just been, like you said, I've been doing this for so long, learning, doing this engineering thing, doing the mixing, doing all this stuff. And I'm just like, okay, I can get this done. Because I look at a lot of artists, it's like, oh yeah, I really want Sade to drop another album. It's like, oh, eight years later. I don't like, it doesn't in my head because I just taught myself in my head. I'm like to take that much. So, And I look at other artists too, and I'm like, well, you got all the resources. You have everybody's number in your phone. Why isn't your album getting done quicker? Like, why aren't you, I maybe they're not in a zone, maybe they're getting pressured.


I don't know. I just, like I said, I'm a happy artist, so I'm not pressured by anything. I'm financially stable. Like I'm good. So I can go in the studio right now and be like, okay, cool, you need, all right, I'll work on the third album right now. Or I'll work on a country record. I'll work on a pop whatever's, because he, that's what helps me make great RB is by switching genres, taking a break. Because I don't want to, I don't want to be Marvin. So let me not get too heavy in that back. Lemme go over here to country real quick and write this real quick and just take a break and then go over here to something else. How was Tour with Maxwell and Jasmine Sullivan? Amazing, amazing. Two great artists. Me and Max were a close man. He's just a really great dude. Like he's been making sure everybody's taken care of.


And it's just been amazing. The crowd is just absolutely just is. I'm in, like, I'm in awe of they sing word for word. Even my stuff, you know? And me opening up for them. Like, I did my first tour in January, which sold out majority of the tour and they were singing it. Then I was like, I don't know if they're gonna do it this time. They, they're doing it this time as well. Have you Done records? I'm surprised by that. You say even my stuff, like you didn't think you would know your Music? Yeah, no, because I just, in, in my head, I'm just still this dude in South Bend, Indiana that's trying to make it, I still feel like I'm going to the studio, just trying to, oh man, I really hope they like it. I still have that. So impo, it's slight imposter syndrome kind of. Yeah. I'm just like, I'm like, man, there's, there's no way.


I don't think they're gonna like this. I don't think Snoop's heard me say, I don't think they're gonna like they a hundred times over. I did not think they're gonna like rebirth of Marvin. I didn't think they were gonna like back to your place. What? I was like, no, there's no way. I was like, this ain't, this ain't hot right now. And they love it. And I'm just like, okay. So that's why I like letting the people decide. So You let the real quick, you, you let the, you were kind of letting the trends of r and b guide you as opposed to what traditional r and b is. 'cause you make to me traditional r and b. But you thought because of the way people make RB nah, they don't want to hear this traditional. Exactly. That's exactly what I was thinking when got you. Don't say about some Ho Oh my god, I Emini here. You wanted to redo bitches. Ain't shit but Holes and tricks. RB version bitches Ain't shit.


Oh my. You know? Yeah. We like, actually, yeah, I think dog's gonna watch this. And I think dog be on that now. Thank you Charlemagne. I'm definitely gonna credit you on that. I'm gonna send you, I'm gonna send you something I'm send you. That's why I broke through. Like, when I heard it, I was like, who is, I thought you, honestly, I thought you were like a older God. Like some, I, I really was so surprised. I was like, what is this song? And then I just kept hearing it. So to hear that you didn't even think that we were gonna like it, I'm like, that is insane. Yeah. I'm so happy that you didn't get in your own way. No, Definitely. No, no, no, No, no. Definitely would like to add that. I went to that show at Barclays, the mic was on. And that was really impressive too. 'cause a lot of people vocally live don't hit like the actual record.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. No, the mics were on, man, Max's is on, Jain's on mine is on. And I make sure I let people know. Like, I'm not, I'm not a autotune artist. I had my face when TPA came out. I was all, everything. I, I have a list of albums in my heart that I just, You got everything, all that. I'm just Like, so T Pain, it's ridiculous. You know what I'm saying? So I was like, oh, this is it. Boom, I'm gonna do this.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced track in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style innovative tech. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, Nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music, make hands-free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


I don't know if you know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


You know, I'm gonna get on like doing this. And is that time we're like 10 times over? Like, oh, okay. Nope, that didn't work out. Oh, I got this meeting with, nevermind. That didn't work out. So This is really random, but speaking of like, trying to like things not working out. You were on Empire. I was on Empire, yeah. And Then you were so you did, I I read about it. You were doing really well. They were talking about making you a bigger character empire. Yeah. Than all the Jesse Stuff. The Jesse smaller stuff happened. You over Pissed. You look like a lion though. Oh, you know, definitely s that we didn't when you walked in. I'm like, I know he was pissed. That would've been so perfect for you. Oh man, Man, Come on man.


No Emini here. Yeah, I thought it was, that was my first time doing any type of acting. Snoop was like, y'all, I'm gonna, we're gonna add you to Empire. I'm like, nigga, I can't act. He was like, yeah, you can't. I'm like, no, I can't, man. That's not my lane. I'm just, come on man. And I went on, come on man. And I went on there and, and did it. And the director was like, how long you been acting? And I was like, today he was like, I think we should sit down and talk. I'm like, okay, I, this is the thing. I still think I'm dreaming. So I'm like, yo, there's no way even being on here, the breakfast, I've been watching y'all for a long time. It's like, like just as I was sitting in the background, I was just like, damn, this is really happening. So that's how I kind of felt on empire.


So then when Jesse messed it up for me, I was pissed. I the news, as soon as I dream, I'm like, oh shit. I was like, Come on, come on man. Come On man. Don't do me like that. Skinny. It, it, it's interesting, right? Because these are the type of stories when you really, really take off, everybody's gonna be like, damn, this guy came outta nowhere. But you've been with Snoop since 16. That's great. Yeah, just doing background stuff. Like doing, you know, when I first got with him, he was like, yo, I'm about to go on tour. I don you to come on tour with me. So me doing a small crowd, it didn't start off that way. It started off with 50,000 people.


So now when I'm doing this with G and Max, max is like, you are really comfortable. And say something like, yeah, I'm like, small crowds make me anxious, really small crowds. If I'm in a crowd of like a hundred, I'm like, I can hear everybody's thoughts. I'm like, that nigga ain't hitting that note like that. You know, like, oh, you sound a little dry today. You know? So doing that kind of just molding me to be a, a better performer. So doing that and then now coming on this tour where it's, you know, tens, 20,000 people, it, it just feels, feels normal to me. And being with Snoop since 2016, I've just been doing that. I've been touring with him several times overseas, everything.


And just doing like the, the, the, all the stuff with him and Martha Stewart, like I did the song for the him and Martha Stewart show, the Cooking with Mar, you know, And I did that record. And then all his albums from 2016, I've been on, I've been doing backgrounds or I've been doing hooks. So I've just been chilling and really caking up. Does October London trust his, his own talent? Not, not, not, not his ability to, I guess sound like others, but do you trust your own talent? Absolutely. I've, I, I've been doing it for a while, so I, I I know exactly what I can do. I have so much stuff in the hard drive that I can't wait to drop. Like, it makes me anxious even being on the bus, this whole tour, I'm just listening to the records and everybody gets together and we listen to all the records and we're just like, yo, this is really just the starting point.


Like, they have no idea what's to come, you know? Let's, Can we play a record with, Oh, go ahead. Oh, I was gonna say, I, I know that you're involved on the Doggy Land for kids. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to me about what do you, what exactly do you do? Yeah. Yeah. Snoop putting you on. Yeah, no, I've been, that's what I'm saying. So, you know, Snoop's been looking out for a long time. Snoop came in the studio one day or one night and was like, Hey, what do you think about doing a kid's record? And I was like, yeah, that's fine. Whatever. I can do that. I made one kid's record. He came back in the studio, all right, let me hear what you got. Played it. He was like, dope. Can you do another one like that? I was like, yeah, of course. This time I called my son on FaceTime, my son's seven, And I was like, Hey, I need you to add some vocals to this, you know, he was like, okay, dad.


You know, and this time we did a record called Brush Brush. So we ended up doing that and Snoop came in. He was like, who is the kid? I was like, it's my son. See your nephew. He was like, oh, snap. Like, okay, cool. I think we should do an album. All right, cool. Gimme till tomorrow because I'm quick. I'm like, Gimme till tomorrow. Tomorrow's crazy Album. Yeah. Color. When we came out in 2016, we came out when I, me and Snoop came out with Colorblind. I did 18 songs in two or three days. Wow. Wow. I got myself sick and he was like, all right, you need to go back to the hotel. Like, 'cause I was like, no one shot, you get one shot. That's true. And that was my one shot. I'm knocking out 18, so I'm very, I I knock him out really quick. So he was like, okay, cool.


So I knocked out the album and then he called Claude Brooks and he was like, yo, I got an idea for a show. Let's call it Doggy Land. And now I'm the, I'm the co creator of Doggy Land Dope. I am the voice of Wolfie And I do the music. That's dope, man. Congratulations. And you don't see this type of artist development no more. You don't see people just like working with an artist every step of the way, you know? And then most artists want it right away. Remember he been signed since 2016. Most artists would've left in 2017, was like, I ain't popping yet. I'm gone. Yeah, yeah. You seen the Vision? Absolutely. Yeah. I saw the vision. But Snoop will tell you, I gave him a hard time too. You did? Yeah. Absolutely. Emini here. Yeah, I get you. What artist did you see popping and was like, yo, that could have been, that should have been me, Bryson Tiller.


Nah, I wouldn't say Bryson Tiller. Bryon Tiller came out of nowhere to me. I was like, oh, this is dope. I'm a I'm actually a fan of Bryson Tiller. I don't know what artist came, I know one artist that made me actually kind of pissed me off to be honest. Who? And that was, and that, and I'll tell you the story. Why, so it's 2004. Who was popping? Who just came out with just gotta make it, Just gotta make T Trey. Yep. All day. He got the braids. I got the braids. You light skinned. I'm light skinned. And my boy Travis looked at me and was like, damn, he gonna let this nigga eat you up like that? And he just walked away. And ever since then, I've just pause. Definitely a pause, pause moment. Sorry. He should have paused the back door before with the key.


But go ahead, keep going. He missed it. If he ain't paused, He missed it. He missed it. But go ahead. If he missed it. So, so at that point I was like, okay, cool. It made me competitive. So I'm super, super competitive. Like I've been on, I'm not gonna say the artist, but I've been on different shows where, you know, several artists on this show and they'll do certain things and I'll go in the back room and I'll put on Michael Jordan's last dance and I'll sit there for about a good 30, 40 minutes, watch that. And I'd go out there and compete. Yep. Everything's a competition dog. Snoop will consistently, like, it's not a competition man. You don't have to be like, you know, have to be so hard on yourself.


I'm like, nah, Uhuh, nah. You see that high note? He did? Nah, nah, nah, I can't let him live. Dang. I love that though. How, how exhausting was it working with Tyrese? You know, Tyrese is a, is a great friend of mine. He's a great dude. He guy's a great guy, right? He's a no great dude. It's not exhausting at all. He just, he's passionate. He just, he's just a passionate person. He, he puts, he literally wears his heart on his sleeve and you gotta give it to him. Sure. But how exhausting was it working with him in the studios? We all know him. Like, like, I just want to know, like Bedroom Bully. How long did it take y'all to make that record? That didn't take a day. Not with him. Bed. Bed. I don't know how long it took him, you know how long it took me.


Okay. So he sent, he sent the record to me and was like, I got this record. He called me, he said, I got this record, I think you'd be great on it. It's very secret Garden. I was like, okay, bet. Just, just send it. And I was in the lab already sent the beat And I was like, yo, this is dope. And he had a little bit of his vocals on it And I was like, okay, cool. So the really, I wanted him to do his vocals first 'cause the competitive part. And then I was like, nah, don't worry about it. You know, it's Tyrese, I ain't tripping. You know, we brothers, I went in and put my part on there, then he put his part on there and that was it. But it took me, you know, 30 minutes, knocked that out. I don't know how long it took him to get his knocked out, but for me it was, it was nothing but Bedroom. Bully is. And that's on the album too.


It's on his and mine. When you do a song like that, do you feel pressure to always deliver to a woman sexually? Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. I love cars and women. Period. Did you guys make this record before or after you almost burned his house down? That's just what I heard. This was after, this was after, Yeah. Tyrese almost burned down Tyree's house. The person, The person that almost burned his house down, that sitting right behind me. No. Oh yeah. Well this the house in la? No, Atlanta. Atlanta. Okay. Tyrese is Atlanta house. What happened? Burn hookah. I forget That. That's the shame that you knew what it was. That's the only way you burn a house down nowadays is hookah. The hookah In Atlanta. Right.


You know, we were listening to some music and we were all, you know, drinking except for Tyrese. 'cause Tyrese don't drink. And my boy, Jamie was listening to the music, he got hyped up and he was just like, whoa, you know, this, this the record that's gonna be crazy. And he got up and he knocked it over and nobody noticed that first. And I turned And I looked And I was like, I saw security moving really fast. One of the security guys moving really fast and he started patting on the floor. And I'm like, what the hell is he doing? Stinky leg or something. I don't know what the hell he's doing. So, And I was just like, okay, cool. All right. I guess he's feeling the record now. Look, I'm like, oh, oh, oh, the rug's on fire. His Voltron rugs on fire. I was like, oh, nice. So he's trying to put that out, grabbing the coals off the thing and all that.


And Jamie felt bad and Tyrese gives him, gives him shit every time. What Flavor was the Hookah? Damnit? I don't even know. I'm just trying To see, was it worth it? I don't know. It might have been like mango berry cream or something. I don telling not Even min, that y'all almost burnt that house down on Mango Berry. That's crazy. I know, right? That's crazy. That is not a good way to go out. So, you know, every, every time Tyrese sees Jamie, he's like, he can't come in my house. Thank you. He can't come out unless he's carpet. Yeah, he owes me a carpet, but you know, he lets him in anyway, so It's good now, now the song time, did you have wedding song in mind when you wrote that? Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. So time actually is, we are in 2024, so that was done in oh eight.


So what are we, it's 15, 15, 16 years in the game. It's been sitting in my hard drive for 15, 16 years. Mm. Wow. So that's an old song, old song that me and my, one of my best friends, Mike Letter outta Miami, we did that record and yeah, I played it for, for a dog. I think I played it maybe four or five, six times. And he remembers and then doesn't remember, but he remembered it this time. He was like, yo, we should put this on the album. And I, And I loved it because I've been waiting to put that album out because it's just a beautiful ballad. It really, you didn't do nothing to it, you just, that's how it was recorded. It re remixed. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. Remixed. And, and we added, we added some organ to it. Superfly came in and added like little, little, little things to, you know, little splashes.


But other than that same record. When You wrote that in oh eight, what was your mindset? Was there somebody you wanted to marry or somebody you wanted to spend the rest of your Life? Nah, I was a, I was a SAP man back in oh eight, so I was doing everything I possibly could to, you know, I was doing, I was doing the most, yeah, I was, was, this is sad But ain't nothing wrong with it. Like a no, like a kinda like a, you know, I sucker, you know what I'm saying? What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong with it. But you know, You would tell a woman stuff like that. I wanna spend the rest of my life with you. Oh my God. I had poems and shit. Oh, poem. Throw that. Nothing's wrong with it. But Charlamagne had poems too. You did. You was texting the poems or you were like, mail them. I feel like you would mail them. I Was, I was, I was. She said, I'm just asking depending On how old you are.


That's the era we come from. We come from that. He's a couple years you go with me. Yes. No, maybe area. I just wanna know because why there's wrong with, we always be online. Like we missed that. Like the begging. Begging. We love you. We love you. You was doing it and you got scared Back then for some reason, I can't write a single poem now. Who tricked you out just by what happened? No, So I'm happy, man. I got my heart broke, so I was just, I kind in and then got my heart broken again, so I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to laugh. No, it's, No, it's all, no, you're just laughing about pain Ain't got nobody So With you just hate to hear that because that, and then we projecting, She's rejecting, She's been hurt. She's been hurt. So she'd like to see men that have been hurt.


She's in the white men though. She like white men. Oh, Oh. Brad Pitt. Travis Kelsey. Travis. Oh, Caleb Plant. But you light skinned, so she's willing to meet in the middle. Oh, nice. That's dope. But she went To Delaware State. HPCU. Mm. Damn. All. What else? Y'all got more questions for real? Well, The, the Sappiness makes for great music. Absolutely. Emini here. What I was trying to say? Yeah. Even The record Eternity that got on the Color Purple soundtrack, that was a 15, 16-year-old record. I did Eternity right after me and Mike did Eternity right after time. So, but third Shift was a fresh freshly done record. I saw you just preview that. Yeah. Yeah.


Was that the bridge or the hook that you was playing? Who, who was in there conducting this? Well, the host record For Third Shift. Yeah. I, I went to Jeff Giddy and Jeff was like, yo, you wanna record it here? I was like, no, I'm going home. And I flew back home to South Bend. I recorded there and then sent it to dog and Dog was like, yo, this is something fresh. This is something new. And then went back to Jeff Giddy and got another track, which is Kill Shot. So, kill Shot and Throw Shift was produced by Jeff Giddy. So you still live in South Bend? Absolutely. Wow. I'm not, I'm not, nah. If, if I leave, it's not gonna be anywhere. I'm not going to la I am not going to New York. Miami's my weak spot. That's my weak spot. Is it good? 'cause you probably, you probably get grounded when you go home.


Yeah, Absolutely. I get to be around family, friends, like people on tour with me. Like they're my day ones. Like I don't, I feel like I might lose myself if I go and move somewhere where I have to be seen all the time in red carpet all the time. And I, I feel, I just feel like I'm gonna lose myself. So I, I go back home, I can come to New York, come kick it for the weekend, come see y'all, and then I'm back home, right home. I'm right back home. 'cause my son is there. He goes to a great school there. And I just, you know, I like being with my son. I like chilling, being at home. There you go. And if I need anything or something goes wrong, I'm right there where I need to be.


So, you know, Two final questions. How did your mom feel about Mama? She loved it. She, she loves it. 'cause we played it in the studio for a bunch of people not too long ago. I think that was maybe last month or something like that, or maybe sooner. I don't know. Time is flying by. But we played it and she gets teary eyed every time. And one of the people that were in the studio, she was like, oh my God, like I love Mama so much. And it's just, does your mom know that you, you know, you made this record? And I was like, she's sitting right behind you. And she was, oh, you know, so yeah, the mama rap. I, I really cannot wait to put that record out. I cannot wait. 'cause I, I, I love the record a lot And I actually did that when Snoop's mom passed. Wow. So when, so Snoop's mom passed, was the inspiration for you to write That?


Ooh, exactly. So when Snoop, yeah. The day after Snoop's mom passed, he was in the studio And I was just like, I got my boy. I got him And I went in there And I just did it. And then I was like, yo, I want you to hear something. And I played it for him and he just, you know, Broke down crowd. And it made You appreciate your mom still being Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, you know, I just think it's a great record. I can't wait to drop it. And That's one of the reasons you probably don't wanna leave South Bend ever. I don't, I, nah, I just feel comfortable there. People, you know, like everybody knows me. I know them. Nobody really messes with me there, you know, nobody's messed up any of my cars yet, so That's great. So I'm, I'm pretty good. I'm I'm happy there, you know, as of right now. And it's really cheap to live.


That's Cost of living is important. Cost of living is very important. Yeah. So, you know, you go do all this and then you just go back home and chill. Come on. You know. Well, what you wanna hear off the album? What you wanna hear? Let's play something. Well, she brought up Third shift. Third shift. So might as well play third shift. Alright. Well, October Nights comes out this Friday. And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. And let's get into it. It's October London. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


I don't know if you know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


It's Beginning to sound a lot like the holidays. The Roku channel, your home for free and premium TV is giving you access to holiday music and genre base stations from iHeart all for free. Find the soundtrack of the season with channels like iHeart, Christmas and North Pole Radio. The Roku channel is available on all Roku devices, web, Amazon Fire tv, Google tv, Samsung TVs, and the Roku mobile app on iOS and Android devices. So, stream what you love and turn up the cheer with iHeartRadio on the Roku channel. Happy Streaming.


Hey, loves, it's Paris Hilton. Are you ready to s live your best life this holiday season? Well, I've got the ultimate holiday giveaway just for you. Go to paris hilton.com/giveaway to win a fabulous gift basket filled with handpicked faves from my gift guide, from my iconic cookware and chic apparel to glam goodies for my go-to brands. This bundle has it all. Don't wait. Enter now at paris hilton.com/giveaway. Good luck and happy holidays. Keeps living. That's hot.


The dating app fatigue is real, mindless swiping meaningless. Dms and an overwhelming amount of likes have made us feel more disconnected than ever. While most dating apps are all about pursuing someone else, there's one that's carved out a space for you to find yourself. Download Field, F-E-E-L-D On field, an app where curious people come to connect. You have the breathing room to explore your own desires and go on a journey wherein the person you discover is yourself. In fact, 62% of field members evolve their sexuality interests and desires within their first year on the app. You Have the freedom to explore who you are and what you like in ways you haven't imagined As part of this community, you'll quickly find that people regularly practice honesty and openness. See any field buyer Download Field, F-E-E-L-D On the App store or Google Play, PK.