
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo. It's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting. Changes everything.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. The legend. Bruce. Bruce, What's cracking baby? Welcome. How you feeling? Everything's good man. Everything is good. Yeah, Man. Why are comedians always so early, man? That's something we notice. Well, yeah, I'm always prompt on everything, man. That's just why I was ready two hours Early. Bruce, Bruce. Oh man. That's why I'm, I'm doing my, my grandfather said, if you're on time, you're late. Damn. That's factual. So you gotta be on time. Time. But then the traffic here is a monster. That's facts. That's true. Facts. Nobody drives in a lane up here. Nobody. The buses is police, nobody. They just drive like they want to. And what's crazy, they got lanes, some of them got their own lanes and still don't drive in their lanes.


Right? Yeah. Now This the first time Bruce, Bruce has been on the show And I wanna, You know when, when sometimes when, when somebody comes for the first time, I wanna start from the beginning. Right? Okay. Now I know your story 'cause I've been studying you, I've been following you. But for people that don't know, how did Bruce Bruce get into comedy? And I want you to explain your job before Comedy. Well, You know, I used to be a chef. I can cook like a mug and You know, everywhere I go, I used to always be funny. So I hired this guy one time I was running a barbecue restaurant, this older guy. Older guy. And he said he used to watch me in the kitchen when I first start, when he first started. And he's watching me. He said, you need to go, you need to go on stage. And I, I ain't paying attention to it. He said, I'm gonna bring you something tomorrow. He brought me this album, You know, back in the day he had album, he was a comedian, but he was ex-Navy.


He was an alcoholic. He said, don't waste your time on this job, man. You need to go on stage. No, what I did, I quit 'cause I had a family. I was young man had three kids. And man, I went and started working for Frito Lay potato chips, selling potato chips. And the whole time I'm selling potato chips. And on the doc, I'm just funny acting crazy. So good old white dudes. So You know, you need to go on stage. So you here every morning, You know I'm why out there you ain't go on stage. You funny. I look at comedians every Friday, Saturday night, You know, and you ain't going stay. And when I took that step, man, it, it, I knew that's why I should've been in my whole entire life. And what made me take that step. I was going through a divorce, You know what I'm saying? And my ex-wife said, you'd never make it. I'm like, what? Why'd she tell you that?


Oh. So I just looked at it and say, I see you on tv. Damn. You know what I'm saying? And it's been gone. I've been doing it now 35 years Professionally. And what made you, what made y'all get married if she wasn't supportive? 'cause you, you said, You know, we Young. I was young, You know, You know I'm, I'm, I'm from Atlanta, Georgia, the south. You know, you get a girl pregnant, You know you got to marry all this crazy stuff. And I did the same thing. My oldest son is 43, man. Damn. And my baby boy is 40. My daughter's 38. Wow. You've been going raw for a long time. I been, I've been laying down. Didn't didn't pull out. Game was terrible car. You know what I'm saying? It was pull out, pullout game was terrible. I was laying down and what's crazy man? You know, I just didn't think just doing it, You know. And when you young, you just do that until you get somebody old and say, Hey, you need to watch yourself.


You know what I'm saying? And that's what we, we need to start doing as older guys. Let 'em know, man, this ain't no game. Who, who taught you how to cook? My uncle. My uncle man. He was like five Uncle Paul. Yeah, uncle Paul. He about five feet tall, about a 98 in the waist. You hear me playing look like an egg with a belt on. You know what I'm saying? He was my father though, man. And he raised me and he taught me about, You know, life. He taught me about how to treat women. He taught me about being on time. 'cause You know, he, he was a baker. He used to deliver cakes here because gotta be there on time. But he was, he would never ever drive on the highway. Ever, ever. I'm talking all back road. We gotta go straight back roads when you can't, boy, they'll run your tail over on that highway. You know what I'm saying? And he was, he was, was real superstitious.


I never did believe in that. You know, he'd see a black cat walk the street, but he gonna turn around. You know, you put your hat on the bed. Oh no, you can't do that. You sweep his feet. You gotta spit the broom. You know? All he was just shit. Red superstitious. Don't never let a woman touch your wallet. You know you ain't gonna never have no money, man. Ain't nobody believe in that crowd. Don't let a woman buy you no shoes. Oh yeah. You walk out your life. Walk out your life. Oh, watch, You know, You know the time is out your life, You know? Oh, he was real superstitious. But other than that man, he was a great, great guy, man. You remember the first dish that you learned to cook? Oh yeah, man, A steak was a, I can cook a steak, make a joke or cry. White supposed to be clapping. Oh yeah. Wife supposed to be clapping black people be hollering. Yay. How You, how you get the capital for the barbecue spot?


Well, I, I was, I started down was young. I'm gonna tell you what happened. My mother, it's just me and my mother. I'm the only child my mother ever had. And we was struggling, man. We was living in the hood and we was in an area called Bluff. It was, and man, lemme tell you man, she needed some help. So I went and applied for this job. This guy I knew worked at a barbecue restaurant and I applied And I told him I was 17, I was 14, You know what I'm saying? So I was working, man, I was clean up. So I had been there about three months in this old white guy named Eddie. YI said, lemme ask you something. He was the man. He said, how old are you really? He said, you work good and everything. He said, but you not 17. And I said, no. I said, I'm 14. He said, why you working? I said, well, I got to help my mom. He said, I tell you what it's gonna be our little secret.


You know? He, he kept me because I was a good worker. Everything he told me to do, I did it. And I just kind of followed in and started watching this guy's cook. And I knew how to cook. My uncle had been showing me How to do everything. Next thing I know, man, I was running the pit, man. I was cooking barbecue and everything at like 16 years old. Oh, so you didn't own it? No. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Working. I was working there, man. Got You. Now you also mentioned that you, you were a only child. Only child. Your father left at the age of five. Yeah, He was four or five. He was in the Air force and he was a medic in the Air Force. And he was a, he flew choppers in airplanes. And when he, when he got out, he was an anesthesiologist. Now, was it important to, to mend that relationship before he passed? Or did you Yeah, I did. I did. Wow. My mother said my, I just wanted to know.


I remember him. My mother said, what you looking for him for? You know, 'cause they be mad. But my mother really ran him off. You know what I mean? She was just, what? She ran him off and she was a monster man. You know what I'm saying? Did your Dad say that? Oh no, I just saw, saw, You know what I'm saying? I'm like, man, this dude is cool. He was really cool, You know. But she like, I, I don't want to, You know, everything he tried to do, she just knocked it down like now. But she was listening to her girlfriends. That's why I tried to tell all these young girls, don't listen to no woman. That ain't got no man. That's right. You know, understand what I'm saying? If you got a woman, if you got a girlfriend, you got a husband. She know how to treat a husband. But a woman that don't have a man, she can't tell you nothing. But he, I mean he just, he left and he never ever called us, ever. And my mother didn't even know she was divorced.


He did a non-con contested divorce because my mother just worked, come home, never went anywhere. So when she said, I think I'm going to get a divorce. And when she went to do it, they said, you already divorced. You uncontested, you put it in the newspaper for 30 days. You don't answer the ad. Bam. You divorced. I did not know that. He was already gone. He was, he was gone. Oh, he was gone, man. I got married three more times And I found it when I was like 40 years old. So he knew who you were. He knew he was successful. Knew who I was. He knew exactly who I was. You look alike. No, my son looked like him though. My baby boy looked just like him. But it's funny how dip over, You know what I'm saying? But he, he, I met with him and we talked and we stayed in touch and he ended up passing away about 17 years ago. My mother passed away 14 years ago.


Wow. Yeah. Did you and your mom ever have to talk? Did you ever have to say to my mom it was you? Yeah. She said, You know, I was wrong. I, she said I didn't care. She said, but I had other boyfriend. You know, my mama fooling around. See, parents don't tell you. They try to tell you do the right thing, but they'll do the wrong thing in front of you. You know what I'm saying? Those old dudes you used to go with, named David, You know, had platform shoes with taps on them, you remember Platform. He had taps on platform shoes. He come up the steps clock clocker a clocker, how your mama doing? And then he'll tell me, Hey, come here. Lemme give you a few dog. Go down and get you a Coca-Cola. You know, something like that. I know what he finn to do. He, he finna get him some tail. You know what I'm saying? That's right. So he gets you, gets your potato to, I run right out the house, You know, I know what he finna do. I wasn't no fool, You know what I'm saying?


But he was cool. He was cool to me. He treated me very nice. And, but she had this one boyfriend. She's crazy about, I don't know what's up with women with this one dude that they like. And he ain't nothing. I mean, man, he wasn't nothing, man. He dogged my mama out, man. He was, he was married. She didn't even know he was married. Damn. But you was over there. He's over there every day. Every day eating. Yeah, yeah, yeah. God is a good guy. You know how to joke. Yeah. God is a good guy. And I tell you what happened. When I was in high school, four of us used to hang together and we saw him in his truck. And my buddy say, man, that you, you my boyfriend. What's your mom? I said, no. I said, that's my mom boyfriend. But I said, not my mom. It was another lady.


So I got out the car, looked at him and said, Hey, You know, I see you right? He said, oh hey, how you doing? Played it off. Come on to my mom house. I told my mother, so I seen him with another woman. He looked me dead in my, he said that was not, he did not see me. And my and my mother believed it. Damn. But the reason she believed it, because I didn't like him. So she just kind of figured, I made up a story about him and she let it go. But it took her girlfriend or hers to see him say, I saw that dude with another woman. You know what I'm saying? And it took her to tell. Then she dated him like 16 years. Man. Damn. And I ought to take my mother. I don't wanna get married. I don't wanna get married. Okay, you don't wanna get married. But this dude's already married so you can't marry this dude.


Right. And when she found out, she was like, she was to up. Yeah, I heard him. Yeah. You, you, you grew up in the bluff. How close? Oh yeah. How close the reality was was snow on the bluff, the movie. Oh my God. It was real close. That, that was the heroin, cocaine, I mean crack area. But my mother told me, if you touch it, I kill you. Mm. So I was more scared of my mother than the guys in the street. You know what I'm saying? So I never touched it. I watched 'em do it. I watched him shoot up everything. I, no, I can't do that bro. No, I can't do that. My mother is grave. My mother's a wrestler. I'm telling you she have been on wwe. I know what I'm talking about. This lady can scrap man. So You know, that's the way. And it, that movie was really, really serious.


But You know, it was so funny in the hood, being in the hood because You know, the crackheads come, I say, Hey man, dude had bought a video camera. You know, he was fing people and everything. Crack head said, man, I got a camera like that. He said, it's bigger but it's got a two on it. And I said, what are you talking about? He done stole the camera off the Channel two news truck. The dude was getting ready to do some news in the area. He just walked off with the camera. So we saw the white guy panicking, walking around. I said, you looking for your camera man? He said, yeah. I said, I, I know where it is. I said, you gonna have to give some money to get it back. He said, I get anything. He said, all you gonna, he said, how much you think a hundred dollars? I said, $20 to get your camera back. Wow. And the dude brought it back to him. Just walked off with a camera.


He said, I Got a camera like that. Has a number Two on it. Yeah, A two on it had channel two on it. Right. Jesus Christ. Man, these dudes in the hood. Dude had a whole bedroom suit. Walked down the street with the dresser. Dude make way about one 30. He said, I got the mirror, the two nightstand in the bed. Y'all need it. We like what somebody, somebody bought it. You know what I'm saying? The dude told me said, man, I got, I got a, I got a typewriter like that, but only thing mine different, it's got a TV on it. He didn't realize he had a desktop computer done stolen. He said, I got a typewriter, but it's got a TV on it. Like what Typewriter? With a tv. A TV man. I know. Back then brothers had to press you to try to, to get in the street Though.


Oh yeah, man. You know, they talk about, you say you scared you're a punk, all this crap. Hey man, I'm gonna have to be a punk. 'cause my mom didn't play my mom, my aunt, the neighbors, they didn't play. Man. Do you more scared of your moms than anything? Oh my god. My, my granddaddy, I was scared of him on anything. He about six, five black, real black with Roy blue eyes. So my mother said, do I need to call your grand? No. She would get him on the phone. He would say, Hey, do I need to come up there? All I do was hear his voice. I like, no sir. She's let me get another phone call and see what happens. That joker didn't play, man. Damn. Six five black one skeleton with blue eyes. Nothing. How'd that happen? Warrior Blue eyes. And you look at him, you drop your head like a runaway slave player. You know what I'm saying? He, he was just that dude man.


But when I got older, I realized he was really cool. He was a cool dude. But he just believed a child stay in a child place. That's right. And you, you said your uncle Paul inspired you as far as comedy. 'cause he was the funniest Person, You know? Yeah. Oh man, he was funny man. Okay. He tell a lie. Everybody got, help me with this lie. Every lie he tell, did I tell him? Yeah, he told Paul ain't said nothing. Everybody helped with his life. But he was one of the best bakers in The World. He, he practically raised Gladys Knight back in the day. And they used to call him the sweet bread man. And Gladys Knight knew him. His name was Paul Henson Jr. And he went by the sweet bread man. 'cause he was the baker of, in Atlanta, Georgia. He was the man. And he talk about Gladys all the time.


But Gladys And I was really raised on the same street. The street was Chestnut Street. They changed to James p Brawley. I was on four 15. She was on like 7 85, something like that. Just right up the street, like two blocks up. Did You know her? No. No. I was, I was a little kid. But she lived that when her first husband. You know what I'm saying? But Gladys a girl. No man. Wow. How were you able to translate your funny to actually make a career of it. But somebody like Uncle Paul who was funny, couldn't Oh, oh no. My uncle Paul was just scared to go on stage. He was scared. See, see black people back in the day had the skill to do everything. But they was scared to do it. They had so much fear. See like young kids now they'll do it. They was like, I don't care, I'll do it. So I just took it and ran with him. My uncle, one of the best bakers in The World, he went against bakers from France and Italy, You know, from England.


And he beat 'em all out. You know what I mean? Then he went to, he had a cheesecake that he made that was one of the best cheesecakes in The World. And they tricked him out of it and didn't have sense enough to get a lawyer and everything. Gave him like $10,000. They clapping. He was all happy with he. But he stole the recipe. Yeah. When he coulda got a hundred million. You know what I'm saying? But just didn't have the sense and the knowledge to do that at the time. Oh. You know, I wanted to know as a child, was Bruce Bruce big as a child? No man. I was little bit. He used called me Lil Bruce. Man, I didn't, I didn't get fat till I got married. I don't know why I got married. That's what I did. You know that All that kick y Oh my God. I wouldn't eat it man. I was just little bitty dude. Just running around, just messing with everybody. I was a little bitty kid, man. But when I got married I got fat. You know?


That's what happened to us as black men. We get complacent. We get complacent with jobs. We get a job and it be, let's just say Ger Motors, we make a little money. Oh man, that's a good job. I don't care. Nothing about no good job. It's about getting out there, getting it. 'cause it's more than that than getting a good job. Mm. I ain't like that question by the way. What you mean? I ain't like the question he asked you. Wait, what was Bruce? Bruce Little was a child. Oh, that's hard. Was he, was he a big child? No, I wasn't no fat kid. Man. That what he wanted. He thought I was just, couldn't clap my hands. Of course he Was little as a child. He was a kid. Little fat kid Couldn't clap his hand. Y'all clap my hand. Ta ta ta ta. But no man, I was a little kid. Little cute joker man running around, messing with everybody.


And You know, we, we seen to lose focus and that's what happened. You lose focus, you start eating crazy. But now I'm back at it man. I'm 62 years old man. Wow. Is that, is that where the comedy came from? 'cause when Bruce, Bruce does a show and somebody's in the audience says something or somebody's wearing something outfit Bruce. Bruce has no problem at of attacking the audience if need be. Is that where that came from? Came from I from little kid And I gotta start snapping at these kids. Yeah. You know, when I was, when I was younger, I was real scary. You know, most kids won't admit that I was real scared to do anything. So people used talk about me. I talk 'em about 'em back. That's how I learned. I used to talk about this girl man. This girl man, she had a ponytail envy her ponytail about that long look with a rubber band around it. I walked behind And I said, girl, how did they do that? She say, do it.


I said, make that oxtail right there. I said, I said, you can stand on your head. Your hair still won't touch the flow. Man. This girl, I'm gonna beat Joan hand. You know what I'm saying? I'm like, what Man? I broke out running. I, You know, I didn't know she was a track star. Man. This girl caught me and beat the brakes off me. Man. I didn't care. That was fantastic. 'cause I was raised not to hit women. So I didn't care. She beat me up. She laid me on the ground, throw my arms. You know how they throw your arms out? She said, what's up now? I said, your hair still short. So then she said, you gonna beat my boyfriend. So I had to be her boyfriend walk her to school every day. That's when I realized I had something there. You know, I joined her out and talked about her bed. But she did like me and my uncle told me, he said that man, that girl like you. That's why she, that's why she wants you to be a boyfriend.


She like you. I didn't realize that, but I thought she hated my guts. But she really didn't, man. She actually laughed about letting, then she grew up and be dropped dead gorgeous. You know. Did she, did y'all still? Oh no, no, no, no. I can't. I can't do it no more man. I ain't, I ain't got it like that no More. Well that's laughter though. You know, if you can make a say if you can make a girl laugh, you crack ass. Hey man, you, you make 'em laugh. You got 'em. Most women, they just wanna laugh. You make 'em laugh. A lot of guys, when they see women, when they see good looking women, fine women, nice body instantly. Most guys get intimidated. They be like, oh she ain't gonna holler at me. She will you ever see a real fine Pretty girl with a ugly dude? Yeah. You know what that happened? 'cause he said something to her, he walked to her, Hey, how you doing?


You look good. She's like, you for real? Yeah, I'm for real. Then he with her, you like, how did this ugly girl, I know I got some ugly partners. Oh my god, I got some dudes scared. A cold out your eyes when you look up. Ooh, you gotta to wipe your as. My God bro. What happened? You know what I'm saying? But they got the baddest women you ever wanna see. But everybody gotta understand though. It is really nothing to it. Just talk to 'em. That's all they want. What's The most difficult city for you? Because you're on the road, what, five days a week? Four days a Week? Seven. Seven, eight shows. I'm every, You know, every week. What's the toughest city for you and why? If there is One, I'm gonna be honest, I ain't never had a tough city, man. I've had some tough crowds. When the comedy clubs hold these people hostage.


You know, like, let's just say first show is at seven second show's supposed to start at 10. Alright? They let the first show run over. These people come to the show at 10 o'clock are outside waiting. So now the, they're pissed, they pissed, You know? So you gotta really go to work to make them laugh, You know? Or go and or say something like this, say, y'all have been at work, they wanna be there. They be like, yeah. I said, that's where I feel now. You know what I'm saying? So you, when you break the ice with 'em, you got 'em. Once you, you get 'em, you got 'em. But you got to run the clubs on time. And it's hard dealing with us as black people. It's hard to deal with our black people man. But the white clubs, they be on it bam, bam, bam. Because they realize the money they can make in the short length of time.


Why is that with us, man? I mean, I don't know. It's hard doing business with us. I had one dude at a club, man, it was in, it was in November and it was cold. And he had people outside And I said, Hey man, people are standing outside. The show's supposed to started an hour ago. He looked at me, he said, I don't give a, what they doing outside? I'm like, what? So matter of fact, I don't even do his club anymore. 'cause you don't have respect for the people. But we the one working hard for it to make 'em laugh. 'cause it's hard to get black people to laugh. You know? Especially when they mad. They better be funny. They better be funny. Especially when they mad. You know, white people laugh at anything. Oh, he's hilarious, he's great. You could be terrible. You know, you're good. You're gonna be great. Because white people have a different way of saying no.


Like when you audition for a show, like, how did you like him? Well, he's a good looking guy. He has great hair. That's a no. See, people don't realize that when they want you, they want you, they get you checks the sign. But when they breathe hard, You know, I was looking at him and smart guy, smart guy. But no, I don't think we'll do it. That's said no. And that's what we got. Gotta realize, You Know, you just made me think about when it come to doing business with black people and white people. Because I, I love doing business with, with, with, with My people. Right? But I don't think we often look at it as business. No wet. It's almost like it should be a personal transaction. Right?


It's always wanna hook up. You want discount? Yeah. Yeah. It's part because people, people call my manager and be like, man, Bruce, go back 15 And I don't even know this brother. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I met him at the gas station and you don't know me bro. Maybe I come across like, you do know me, but you don't know me. They'll call and be like, we discussed the deal and he said he would do it for this. That's not true. 'cause I don't discuss money at all with anybody. But they always think it's like a partner thing when it should just be business. Business. That's right. Yeah. You remember your best show and you remember your worst show. Yeah man, I can remember a lot of them, but they people don't know it. I know it. I can remember my first, I be, I come off say and tell a guy, I don didn't like that show, but people thought it was great.


But I'd be like, I didn't like that show. What Was your, what was your worst show? Because they said you don't write things down, it's just off Of emotion. Oh no, I come on a couple. One time I was in Houston, Texas and they, I was doing this show And I was drowning everybody out. And this dude came up and Join me and he was funny. His buddies said, man, go up there. Go up. You know how you go up there and join them. He said, I look like a pickle jar, You know? And I started laying like, damn, that's funny bro. You know? I said, I'm gonna keep that, You know, he started me like a pickle jar up here. I like, oh my god, that's funny. But the crowd loved it because I took it so well, I didn't go off, You know, I, I, he, it was really funny when he said it and I ended up seeing him like 10 years later. He said, you remember I came on stage, man, I saw you so you like a pickle.


I said, that was you. I said, lemme take a picture with you. You know what I'm saying? But it's cool. But the best show I ever did was years and years and years ago is when Bernie Mac was red hot. Bernie Mac was super hot. And and it's a, it's a part of Georgia called Macon, Georgia. And it's about an hour from Atlanta and Bernie was performing. He had a ten five thousand seater. And the feature didn't show up and the guy said, Hey man, my feature didn't show. Can you come down here and open up for Bernie Mac? I said, yes. You know, I had been in the game there about five years. Yes. And I drove down there as quick as I could And I was on stage And I could remember Bernie Mac had his arm folded looking at me. He said, who's that dude right there? He said, that's Bruce. Bruce. He said he's funny.


But Bernie went up and ripped it. And I worked with Bernie twice in my whole entire life. Macon. And then I worked with him in Columbia, South Carolina one time, A three. That's it. But Bernie was a bad dude, man. And people don't realize when he did, I'm not scared of you on Def Jam. He made that up right then because everybody was coming up. They was having a car, a hard time here in New York. Def Jam. They was giving it to 'em, You know, New York, You know, they don't hold no punches, You know. And Bernie said, man, I ain't scared of no motherfuckers. And he went up and did it. Him and Capri went together on it and he ripped it, man. Wow. Bernie was a bad dude. Was That the funniest comedian you ever worked with? No, man. I, I, I know some funny comedians now.


Like Tony Robs is stupid funny. Tony makes me laugh. You know who Tony Robs is? Of course. Hell yeah. Oh my god. Tony Robs told me he, he used to date a girl. Her breath was so bad, it smelled like a horse's hiccups. So damn. Who think of that, who, think of a horse's hiccups. You know what I'm saying? He makes me laugh. Mike Epps, Mike Epps is one of the dude I trained back in the day. Mike used to be on the road with me. Mike moved from Indiana to Atlanta and I used to take him on the road with me and then he moved to New York and he called me one day and said, man, they want me to audition for Fridays. And I said, what you waiting? No, I said, looking for somebody like you. And he called me a week later and said, I got that part. I said, you're on your way de Dee.


That's dope. That's my man. That's dope. You, you said something earlier, you, when you talked about the pickle jar joke, you said, I'm gonna keep that. Yeah. So comedians do cover jokes. Yeah, I don't, I didn't keep it. I just told him that. Okay. Okay. But no, you, we like, I've seen comedians just take bits and pieces of other comedian's jokes. If you do that And I see it, I know exactly where you got it from. I've been in this business so long. I know exactly where you got, I know who said it, how they said it and when you said it, but nah, I don't use anybody's stuff of mine because I saw Bernie, it was a, a video circulating to Bernie, Bernie Mac. And he was saying, don't say your joke around if you, if you a new comedian. Oh yeah, that thing say Joke around a veteran like us, man. And see a lot of comedians now the veterans will look at the new jacks and take their stuff and then it looked like the new jacks stole it from them.


But that's not cool. That's not cool to do. Now we seen Katt Williams pulled out his chop a couple of months ago. He did, man. He was firing at everybody. What was your thoughts? 'cause You know, a lot of that stuff was, was inside that became outside conversation. Well I think Kat just told how he felt man, and what's been going on in, in his life for real. And he just got fed up with it. You know, when people, when people do you out, let's just say this, I used to tell people I had a club in Atlanta, it's called Club 5 5 9. And I used to tell my securities, I said, listen, when you have an altercation with a guy, be careful because they don't forget you, you done be forgot about them.


So if you throw 'em out the club, throw 'em on their head and they'd be like, I'm not gonna forget that. They won't forget you. That's real. But you forgot who that was and you had to go to the store with your woman shopping. He run up all you, you remember me? You like, no, you have to be careful. So Kat just went through some things, stuff that he never forgot that was done to him and he's coming back, retaliating. And he just told it like it was, I feel like, I mean there's a lot of different things you could take from that conversation, but the thing I took from it that I appreciated, it felt like it put black comedy in a, in a, in a new light. Yeah. Like people started paying attention to the OGs like yourself, Tony Robbins. Like they, I don't know, I just felt like it just shined earthquake.


It shined a light on the, on the people who've been doing it. And People gotta understand something about Katt Williams. Katt Williams is not a dummy. He is very smart. He's very smart. I don't know if y'all remember when he had an altercation in Atlanta with won the Smith on V 1 0 3. If you ever noticed, if you ever noticed classic. He never lost his composure. No. He stood there and drunk his coffee and he was killing it the whole time. And he's just cool like that. He's very smart. He's a smart guy. Now we, We always talk about the role a TL played in rap. What role did it play in in comedy? Oh, I don't know. You know, like rap, when you said rap, You know, I thought you was gonna to say with, with Outkast and You know, I did videos, they, they like my little homies.


I'm like, they og they called me OG and with Too Short made the song Shake That Monkey with with Lil John and then no, it was too short. And then Lil John came back with the Yin Yang twins. That's 'cause it's just love everybody show love in Atlanta. Everybody show love. Like when I did the movie Idlewild with Out Okay Outkast, it was gave to me. You know, it wasn't a movie I had to audition for. And then I did the movie Sier Caddy with with Big Boy Boy. It was a road that was gave to me because they just have that kinda love for me. You know what I mean? And we all cool. And I stay in my lane, man. I don I don't get out, I don't do crazy stuff. You was Talking about something else, but, but before we go there, I don get back. How did you feel about all these artists mentioning you in their songs?


I love it. I love it. Were You ever surprised? Did you hear it before when you heard Let Bruce, Bruce hit it like, oh My God, I just hate when dudes say it. You know what I'm saying? Like we, I be ma let Bruce was that bro, bro, you should be saying that. Your girls should say it, but not, not me. Not you, bro. Come on. You said that on the text this morning. Oh my goodness. Did he, because our producer was like, man Bruce, Bruce is already his, we were on the way in. Yeah. And so he, so he goes, well entertain him then Let Bruce Bruce hit it. I was joking it was Said. I forgive you. That's what he said. I forgive you. That's inside stuff man. I Just, I just thought it was stupid. He, You know, he, I felt, he felt we cool. So he just told me And and our producer told him that was he was going to hr, gonna Hr he gonna hr. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's gonna be some easy, that breather hot. Why did you do that?


Why did you do That? Yeah, why did you do that? And Biggie, biggie mentioned you in hypnotized. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bruce, when was the first time you heard, did he, did you have a Relationship with him? Well, what happened when it happened? I was in Jacksonville, Florida. I never forget this. And I wanted to meet him so bad 'cause I was a fan of Biggies, You know? And man, he came in And I was on stage clown And I was joning people. I mean, I, I, I asked the dude, I said, that shirt silk, because is like I said, is it silk or you iron it too much? You know, something like that. And he walked in, he said, just dude is funny because if you ever really pay attention to Biggie, he didn't really smile that much. You know what I'm saying? He just always had that look like this nonchalant look. He smiled on the video when he was on the boat.


Remember he was on the boat and he started smiling. Yeah. Yeah. He said, I'm gonna put you down for real. And when I heard it, I'm like, what? What was the Bruce Bruce line? Because there was a cont People were debating whether he Actually said Yeah. Well did he say that? Yeah. What was the line? He was like, Bruce, Bruce who do something to us talk goes through us. Us girls do us wanna screw us. Who me? Poppy and Puff. It was just love. He showed me. He was a cool guy, man. And I actually saw him smile and laugh 'cause I never saw him smile. He just always had this like heart look like, You know, he read the fight. But he was really funny. He was funny to be around. So he Told you he was going put you? Yeah. Okay. So, okay. So that's how You know it was? Yeah. Okay. But I heard him like, well that ain't what I thought. I, You know, when you hit on the radio, I'm like, and short and short they called me the comedian Short, short.


He said, man, piggy just said your name. And I'm like, I listened to it over and over. I just kept going back. I just listened to it over. I just kept repeating it, listen to it over and over then that was love. That was real love. I, I guess you answered the question because I, when I say what role did a TL play in comedy for you? Like what role did Atlanta play in the comedy Theater? Oh my God. Everything. I think that's it. Well, You know who did it? Well who started it was Chris Tucker and Chris Tucker. When he did Fridays, first of all, he didn't do Fridays first. He did House party. Remember House party. Chris Tucker was the, yeah, when he came to, he said same time, man, you gonna gimme the money. Same time. It was, was it immature? The group called Immature and he went to the door to get some money.


I'm looking for such and such man. He just had that one scene at the door. And then he did Fridays. And Fridays took off way better than they thought. Thought it would, it took off way better than they thought it would. And Chris, he's a good dude too, man. He's a good guy. I used to be on the road with him, but he, he fired me though, man. You know, he fired. He fired? Yeah, he fired me. He didn't fire me, but he fired me. Like why did he fired you? I was on the road with him back in 94, 95. And then he, he said, man, I'm gonna take off. I'm gonna come off the road for about three months because the presidents get ready to come out, You know, and that's when they, I said, okay. Then when he went back on the road, he just didn't bring me back. So that's, that's fire in your ass. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But it cool. He's still my boy. But he did come back and apologize. Say, Hey man, I didn't do that right. And I'm sorry.


And I'm like, cool man, I'm good. I'm I, I work, You know, I get down. And you said you, you was a salesperson for FritoLay. Oh Yeah. They used to Make you tell jokes when you No, I used everybody on the dock. You know, I used, You know, we used, I used to sell potato chip, You know, go from so to store delivering potato chip. So we delivering, we were on the dock. I'm drawing everybody. I didn't care who they was. And we had some good old boys. See y'all ain't got no good old boys. I'm trying, we from South Carolina, we ain't got no good old boys. Oh yeah. You know, I know you're from Greenville, right? Charleston, Charles Mons Corner, but I was born in Charleston. Okay. But You know, we got them. Hey bud, how you doing? You you're a comedian, huh? Well love, damn. You know we got the boys like that. They be so impressed. Are you a comedian? Oh yeah.


Well I, that's they word. But we had it. But one thing about good old boys, when they like you, they like it. When they don't, they don't. And it ain't a black white thing. It, it could be a white, white thing. If they don't like you, they don't like you. You know? So, but I don see racism everywhere, man. It don't bother me. You remember your sales pitch? My sales pitch on potato chip? Yeah. Oh yeah. Man, lemme tell you, I had a Walmart And I had just opened this Walmart and in order to, I wanted to dress up as Chester Cheah. You remember the Chester Cheetah Tiger. In order to do this, you gotta have, you gotta sell this huge display to get the costume. The costume, You know what I'm saying? Because it, it, they, the company was charging different branches money to use cars.


I was the biggest Chester cheetah they have ever seen. Like, look man, I was the fattest chest cheetah. One guy said he must done ate all the Cheetos. This they as big as a house, You know. But I sold like, I think it was, if I'm not mistaken, like $10,000 in Cheetos. That's why they sent the uniform to us. And it was great. And it was a Walmart and it, it was a guy managed the Walmart named James Pike. White dude, the matter he get the Lord. He talked. So, You know, he said, when I tell you to do something, You know, you be like, what, what did you say? But he was cool. Everybody thought he was old redneck. But he was really cool. He ran that store. But he let me bring 10,000 worth of Cheetos in that store.


And what was so that was my man. And what was your Pitch? Hey man, just me being funny. I walk in And I say, Hey man, I need to sell. I need to sell some chips. If not, I'm gonna start back stripping. Dang. And, and if, if I start back stripping the church member's really gonna be hard on me about this. I say, you don't wanna see me naked? Trust me when I tell you that, You know what I'm saying? They'll bust. I laughing. Got 'em. Take an order. You wasn't really a stripper though. No. Come on. If I was though my stage name be stretch Mark. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying Then, You know. But if I was a stripper today, I'd go by hard Candy. Hard Candy.


Why Hard candy? This is a good name. Hard candy. Why you Gonna ask him that? I don, I don I didn't wanna hear Why Hard Candy? I thought it was like something behind it. Like, You know, the church old ladies in the church with hard candy. I don't know. No church would be lemon pound cake. I'd be lemon pound. Lemon pound. Yeah. Lemon pound cake. Now Outta def Comedy Jam, Showtime hit the Apollo and Comic View, which one had the most impact on you? Comic View? Def Jam First Def Jam was the start. And come on, now we gotta give it to Russell Simmons. I mean, big up for him. Def Jam was good. But when I did Comic View, see Comic View started out as coast to coast. I don't know if y'all remember that. They used to go, they used to come out to your city and come to a club and film you and then take it back.


And DL was the, the host. And he was like, look. Went all the way down to Atlanta at a club called the Comedy Act Theater. And we seen this guy, Bruce, Bruce, and then show me. And I did the Coach Co when they first started. But I never forget the year that I host. It was probably the best year for me that I have ever experienced in my life. They went from 10,000, 10 million viewers to 20 million viewers when I host. And it was great for me. Wow. It it, it, it was, it was good. I made some money. They gave me money for wardrobe. That's why I dressed in all them suits. 'cause I thought I was a pimp, You know what I'm saying? I thought I was a straight up pimp. How'd you get the gig? They called me. I mean, I had been doing comedy view like seven, eight years.


And guy say, call me one day. Say, how would you like the host comedy view? I said I would love that because I wanted to do it, but, And I wanted to do it before then and it just wasn't my time. But when my time came, it was perfect. It did well, it did very well. Was that the moment that You know, that that was your big break, like, oh, this is Really gonna happen? Yeah. Yeah. And I knew it was gonna happen then. It was good, man. Then we did, I did more shows than anybody. I did like four to five shows a day. So I was changing suits, changing suits. And I was working five days a week. So on the days that we was off Sunday, Monday, so I was shooting commercials for them. And I did this one commercial. I like gators, all alligator skin shoes. So I told his cab driver, take me man, I need to get me some Gators.


And he took me to a real creek where alligators was. That was the joke of it. And he dropped me off and I'm like, what? Wait a minute. These are real alligators. Real alligators coming out the water. And, and it was really, really funny. That was a scene that I wrote. But yeah, it was, it was fun. So I still wear gator shoes. I'm old school, man, You know, I'm like the old player. So y'all can still wear suits with tennis shoes. I can't do it. Nah, I can't do it player. I can't do it. I never felt like Apollo was good for comedy. And I, man, it, it just that I think what it was with Apollo, those people are there all day sitting. So the first two shows you're gonna get love. But like the third, fourth, and fifth show, they wore out.


They booing everybody. They booed me the first time And I didn't care. I just started talking about people. It was a dude in the front dressed like a, I don know what the hell was going on with him. I said, bro, what is your problem? He had, he was just like a woman and a man on one side. A woman on the side said break, are you slow? He was before his time. Yeah. And before his time. Yeah, he was before his time. But it was, it was at John Them they laughed. But then I went back and did it again and then it went well. Yeah, I did it with Mark Curry first and then back with Steve Harvey. Is it too sensitive now for comedy? Depend on what subject you touch on. Because if you, if you don't like, let's just say gay people, you can't, you can't touch on that. You can't say anything disrespectful.


And I wouldn't say anything disrespectful. You know, when I was coming up, my uncle called 'em Sweet Pickles, You know, so we, we'd be riding these duck Oh sweet Pickle. I'm like, well, well we knew what it was, right? We like what The World, You know. But, but the thing is, I mean, I, I don't do any bashing of anything of sorts like that, but I see 'em all the time. Like, I, I remember one time I was doing a show at BET, it was in California. And the makeup artist, two of 'em, they did makeup and hair and they was gay, gay dudes and everything. So, You know, one dude walked in, man, I don't, I don't want no bags, dude doing my makeup. I gay dude got real emotional.


He said, oh, I'm sick of this. I'm so tired. I don I don't have to tell. He started packing his stuff, leave. So I walked in the room, I closed the door on him. He looked at me like, what the, I say, man, lemme tell you something. I said, if you're comfortable with who you are, I said, be that. I said, but if you walk out on this show, they're gonna blackball you. You won't work for N-B-C-C-B-S-T-B-S, nobody. You won't me to work for nobody. I said, chill out, dry your tears up. And, and let I said do my makeup. You know what I'm saying? I said, but if you walk out, they gonna do it. I'd say nine time outta 10 at the end of the night, that same dude would be hollering at you. What if he would've said, I love black balls. That's what I want. I'd had to run outta there.


I'd had to run outta there. Charlemagne, I, I, I would've to run full speed, You know what I'm saying? But then after, after the end of the night, he was like, he, he said, thank you, thank you so much what you did. 'cause he was getting ready to go. He was emotion and everything. And the dude like, man, I thought, man, I went to talk to the dude. I said, man, chill out, man. Don't, don't do that. You know, they got feelings too. That's just who they are. Why do you help so many comedians, comedians talk about that you've helped some, so many comedians in their, in their career, in their life. What, what gives you the energy? 'cause a lot of people be like, I ain't helping him. 'cause he might get bigger than me. But you, you talked about so many comedians, you Oh my god, yeah. But so many helped me. I'll never forget when I first, when I was in the Conc Theater in Atlanta and John with a spoon came to Atlanta and he looked at me, he say, you got it?


He said, you really got it? He say, I like you. So he started telling me what to do and what not to do. And he helped me, took me up under his wing. Aldo Ray did the same thing. He helped me in on BET when he was my co-host. People don't realize that Renado Ray was a college professor before he started doing comedy. He was extremely smart. And he would tell me, sometimes he'd say, turn your body to the right a little bit when you tell that joke, it'll work better. And I'm like, how is that gonna work better? And it worked better. And then the last of the Mohicans, who really told me, he say, you won't have to find them and they will find you his name was Paul Mooney. Wow. The legend. Paul Mooney.


He told me that Rodney Winfield, y'all remember Rodney Winfield that my man took me. He say a lot of these jokers don't like you 'cause you're funny. He says keep being funny. You gonna be all right. You just call me and do shows with him. You know, You know, back in the day, man, somebody say, man, we got a show paying 300. I'm like, let's go. You know, these new kids now. He say, man, I gotta a show for you how much they paying. Hold it player, hold it. You ain't been seen walking by tv much less on tv. Hmm. So what is you talking about? How much they paying? If I tell you about a show, I'm gonna make sure you get paid. Just that something You think social media helped to hurt comedy? Oh, it helped it. I, I wish Charlemagne, I wish I had social media 35 years ago.


Mm. Only thing we had was go in this city early, do radio, try to do TV to get people in there. The the social media is a platform that really helped a lot of young comedians. Now, now veteran comedians like myself, they get pissed because all the new young comedians are coming up faster. I've been doing comedy for 25 years, 30 years. And he ain't been doing comedy, but three months. I, I tell him like this, if you can't beat him, Joanna, and they're winning, so you might as well fall in the footstep. They are winning. But that's why them young comedians feel like that's why they asking how much.


Right. Because they following on social media. Yeah. But then the only thing about it, YI mean is when they do get booked, only thing they gotta say is what they did on social media. That's right. You gotta bring out more than that. That's right. You know you got that, that seven minutes you got, oh, it's bye. But what about this other 20 minutes they need you to do. You can tell when a person is bombing because they'll start talking real positive. You know, we need to take care of these kids, man. You know? Hey man, support these women, man. Hey man, these women need to support, they need to respect they bombing like hell yeah. Because they trying to get positive. That's His favorite part of a comedy show. Yeah, it is. I do. I I like, I like, You know what it is? I like to see somebody try to dig themselves out of a hole when they bomb.


Oh my God. If you Seen me laughing really hard. Yeah, it is. Probably because you up there stinking. Because I, I remember seeing you 'cause I watch you guys all the time. I remember seeing you on Ridiculousness. Right. And Chanel West Coast. She made her so mad. You and you was coming. You say, I never seen you on anything. I never seen you rap with. I, I rap with Snoop. I, she got pissed. They went to commercial. Yes. Yes. See, I think it happened twice. Am I right? No, it was the one that one time. One time. She was But do she rap? I, I don't. Yeah. Yeah. I think she did. I don. Okay. Okay. But I didn't know her. But I, I looked at you and I'm like, oh my God. She's pissed. She got pissed. She moved that hair back. Said commercial, commercial. And she came back.


She was more calm. Yeah. We're back here. Charnea pissed her off. He said, I never seen you on nothing. I never seen you but Snoop, I never seen you too short. I never seen you. She was pissed. I laughed so hard at that. That was so good. How, how do you feel about the rebooting, rebooting comic view? I, I, I just, I, I I like it. But I think they're trying to do a new way. I think they should have rebooted and did it the old way. I think they should have had the host and, and introduced the show like we used to do back in the day. Because if you remember when that show was on, everybody watched it from your mom, your mom, your dad, your dad, your grandma and your granddad and uncles. You know, I'm over. I saw you on tv.


They love it. So I think we need to go back to that platform. They doing a new thing now where, You know, they want it all hip hop and all that and that's cool. But we need to go back to the old way. Now you are a, a huge car enthusiast. I am, Man. Classic cars. Yeah. What got you into that? And how many cars do you have back In the, about 27. I, I'm, I collect Buicks. Buicks. I like Buicks. Why Buicks? Man? My granddaddy told me and said, look at you on by number. But the Buick, You know, old joke, he used to have a road master with three speed on the column. I thought he was a genius. When you change the gears on the column, you was a bad dude. You know, he pull it down in first, then go to second and he looking at you talking. Then he go to third get you a Buick baby. You know. So I always liked Buicks And I liked Skylar. Buick was a really good muscle car too.


People don't realize I got like, I got a 70 Wildcat convertible. I got a 70 Rivera, I got a 60 Rivera, I got a 69 Rivera. I got a six eight deuce on the quarter. I got a six eight Skylar convertible. I got a six eight sky lot full speed. Got a six five sky lot convertible. So that's your addiction? Yeah. And I like Ford trucks. I love Ford trucks. So you don't drink, you don't Smoke? I used to. I let it go when my baby boy was born. He's 40. I stopped 40 years ago. Really? I used to get so drunk, man on NBI used to get so drunk when I, when I get home, I couldn't walk to, I have to crawl. I used to knock in the bottom of the door and my ex-wife said it gonna be me And I alcohol.


One of us has got to go. Damn. And I sure didn't miss her. I did, I missed her. I missed the hell out of her. Who got a better collection? You and Jay Leno. Oh, Jay got the car. Okay. But You know, my man MP got some cars. I, I like, like I got, I, I've had everything Ford ever made from the Lincoln Blackwood truck to the doulas, to the saline truck. I got a saline truck. I got two Lightnings. I got a a a rapture. I got a super snake truck. I done had the Ford gt, You know the one like a Ferrari. I had all that. You had a four gt? Yes sir. Really? Yeah, I did. You know why I sold it? Because You couldn't fit in?


No. Oh. Oh. I fit in it but it Felt like minute twice, bro. No, I'm tell you, lemme Tell you. I'm gonna tell you why I sold it. Because when I did get in it, it felt like four people sitting there with me. No, Michael Strahan had it. And I asked Michael here why he got rid of this. He said, because I couldn't fit in it. No. I could fit in it, but it was tight. But when I sold it, it was, it was oh six when I sold it. It didn't have a 2200 miles on it. And I had it for seven years. So when I put up a Sale, oh You know you ain't selling now. 'cause if you'd sold that, oh, triple, quadruple Price. Triple, it's like 600,000 for it now. But when I, I sold, I bought it for 200,000. I sold it for 250,000. And a guy in England bought it.


It was Canary yellow Black Stripes. Jesus. Damn Jesus. And when I tell you it had the power, it had the power. Wow. At the run. You, That's the one you wanted to hold on though. No, I don't miss it. I can get another, I don't miss it. I want the new one. Now you Could have sold it for six, like six, 700,000. Yeah, I sold it for two 50 back then. But I coulda got five, 600,000 for it. If I kept it. If I kept it with those miles. Absolutely. Yeah. How big of a deal is it now for a comedian to have a special? Does it even matter? Well, lemme You know, it's funny you said that, man, uhoh specials are good. I just got signed for a Netflix special. Hey, congrat Congrat. And the reason, the reason I just took it, I wasn't gonna do it. I was gonna do it myself. Like make them buy, You know what I'm saying? But they offered it to me.


We're gonna do it. We're gonna do it, I think around August. So they shoot in Atlanta. No, no, no, no, no. We're gonna go somewhere else. I wanna go somewhere. Somebody think I'm a superstar. You know what I'm saying? In Atlanta, superstar in Atlanta. No, I'm just average. What's up bru time, man. You know, you see me in the gross, bro. What's happening? But I go somewhere like Chicago or, or Texas. Oh my God. That's where I want to go, You know, in Atlanta, it's my city. I love it. I still live there. And I had a place in LA for like 30 years. And LA is just LA You pay, they make you pay for the weather, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Everything is just so high. It's just ridiculous. But it's high here in New York too. It Is. You especially don't need one though. It's not, I mean, it don't validate you in no way, shape, or form.


But I'm gonna do it man. 'cause I, I want to, I wanna do a tour myself. I'm always on somebody else's tour And I wanna do a tour. I got two guys that open up for me who is hilarious and nobody know 'em. So I want to introduce them and bring them out and, and then they can start out doing their own thing. That's what it's all about, man. There Used to be a kit for comedians. You needed a special, like a HBO special or sitcom. Like I don't feel you need none of that no more. No. Some of the people who got 'em can't, can't sell out of Uhuh. They live can't sell a ticket. No. You know what I'm saying? They can sell people in their garage, but they can't sell a ticket. You know, back in the day before Kings of Comedy, that's what you had to get.


You know, you do real good. Then they offer you a sitcom, then you do your sitcom, then you go on tour. And Bernie Mac was like the only comedian that could sell out by himself. He was about, now Katt Williams could do it. Kevin Hart can do it. Kevin Hart is a good guy. But Kat can do it. Like when he did that interview, that podcast Yeah. Went crazy. He just starts selling out everywhere. And where he got something to say, And I think he should say it. I Agree. He doing a, they doing a live Netflix special with Kat. But You know what they, Kat made everybody get on they toes though. People like, I thought you were gonna say something about you. I never had any conflict with Kat. We always been cool.


He called me one time, he said, man, I want you to go on the road with me. And I, I said this exact words. I said, I would do it. I said, but why do you need me on the road with you? I said, you got it. They coming to see you. He said, well, it's a big crossover. You got a crowd. I got a crowd. But Kat is, he's a smart dude and he take care of his people sense. That's what I like about it. Sense. Yeah. He take care of his people. And that's what it's all about. Can't keep the money, man. You, you just think he going to work people to death and not pay 'em. You got to pay these people. Absolutely. We got families, we got kids, You know, I got grandkids And I mean, You know, grandkids. My, they, that's who I work for now. They cool. You've been getting money for a long time. Long time. Long time. You've been in the game 30 years. When, when did you start seeing the, like that real, real money that, You know, when I, when I, when, when I, when a joker was giving me a thousand dollars a show, I thought he was crazy because it was so easy to me.


A thousand dollars to be on stage for 10, 15 minutes. Oh, this is where I need to be. Potato chip truck got to go. I, I tell you how I quit my job. I took a leave of absence And I told them, I told my supervisor, I say, Hey man. I said, I'm going through a divorce man. And I say, I just need some time and get my head together. Can I get a 30 day leave officer, he got it approved. When he got it approved, we was inventorying the truck. He said, man, you coming back? I said, I want you to look at me real good. Next time you see me, I'd be on tv. Hmm. And I left. And what's crazy, you remember back in the day when you had beepers? Anybody remember beepers? Yeah, of course. I left.


I had my cousin to pick me up on a Friday. I said, man, take me buy the bank machine. I got $20 in the bank. That's all I had in the bank. I, I went and got the $20 out to give him for gas. And soon as I gave him the money, my beeper went off. And I said, stop man, you let me use the pay for. And I called and it was the club owner in the COC theater in Atlanta. He said, man, what you doing tonight? I said, I'm working for you. I ain't looked back. Yeah, you Do a lot of manifestation, Bruce. Love it Back. You telling people, Steve, you will see Me on Tv. Yeah. You tell em, man, you gotta speak stuff. You know, when people don't realize you have to speak stuff into your life. And when people be speaking the wrong stuff in their life, the wrong stuff is gonna come. Oh, I'm sick as a dog. Okay, go on, be sick as a dog.


'cause you're gonna be sick as a dog. I love her to death. She'd be dead in about three months. So you can shut up. See, You know, you got the love of the life. Whatever you speak the tongue is very powerful word. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? So people be hollering about church folk, but they be telling the truth. You know what I'm saying? You know, you say you're gonna be rich, you're gonna be rich. Just, just keep, you got to believe it what you're saying. So I've always told people, you'll see me on tv. I'm, I'm, I'm not gonna work this truck all my life. I'm not gonna be, that's what it is. Delivering chips all my life. I'm gonna be doing stuff I like to do. So what's Your manifestation now? What do you My key thing now is to make sure I make enough money and save enough money to leave for my grandkids when I'm gone.


I don't plan on going anywhere right now, anytime soon. But, You know, I just wanna make sure they straight when I leave because that's the way it's supposed to be. I know a guy now he's been married, white dude. He, he got married in 1962. His mother and father gave him a house that he still live in. He never paid a house. No. Wow. 'cause the house was paid for, then he left. And then the property, he was on like 60 acres with three lakes. So he lived the life. They're left him money. That's where it's supposed to be. You always leave your family in a position where they don't have to suffer and be in a strain. That's why we need to get insurance. That's right. Oh my God.


You ever see somebody die? They do GoFundMe. Oh. And the brother-in-law take all the money. He take everything but $60. They done raised 30,000. They ain't give us $60, man. You know, they left more than $60. And, and, and that's what we should be. We should always be put ourself in a position to live a good life, but also leave a good life for our family. Absolutely. I've got a couple more questions that, You know, there's a stigma about black comedians wearing dresses to be funny or having to wear a dress to get to that next level. What what's your thoughts on that? Well, You know, I'm gonna be honest with you, man. I did, I did. It's funny you said that. I did a, I did a TV show that I take one time, never came out. It's called Bruce, Bruce Bounty Hunters.


And we did this scene. I was a bounty hunter. I played a bounty hunter. I played a preacher called Reverend Get Money. It was Reverend Get Money. And I played her mother named Mother Marshall, which was crazy. But Mother Marshall was a real lady in my church that I mimicked, I copied off of her. And I also played a, I did it in Indianapolis And I did not feel comfortable in that dress. Mm. You know what I'm saying? At all? And some people could do it. Some people, if it worked for you, it'd do it. Flip Wilson did it when he did Geraldine. You know, 'cause Flip Wilson's show was a variety show, which I love. 'cause it wasn't a black show.


It was a show for everybody. And that's what people gotta understand. But if they want to dress up in a dress, do your thing. You know? But it's not my thing. Yeah. But You know, Tyler Perry made it big. He, he's, he's one of the best. But to me, I love Tyler Perry, but Joe is funnier than Tyler Perry, than Joe than Made deal. Oh, when he plays Joe. Yeah. When he plays Joe. Joe is funny. Joe is funny. Yep. Joe have an oxygen tank. Yep. And Smoke weed, smoking weed, coughing. And I say, thank you Jesus. You know what I'm saying? So when he plays Joe, Joe is the funniest dude. You know, that's just me. I think. I love Madea. Think And I live in a lot with Joe Too. Yeah. I love Madea. But Joe Joe's funny to you. Oh my God, Joe is funny.


And See back then we, we used to see people in the dresses or even see like when they used to do men on film, on the living color. It was just funny. Like Yeah, it was funny. I never thought nothing Of it. Men on film was the thing. Remember when they talked about Moby Dick, Moby Dick that gets two snaps and a kiss and a roundabout. Remember they the twist. Yeah. Yeah. The twist. Yeah. How Would you define this point in your life professionally and personally? Oh, well, I want everybody to know professionally and personally. This is me and this is how I do business. I, I don't act, I don't put on. So if you see me on and off stage, this is Bruce. Bruce and I'm, I'm the same every day, man. You know, I have problems just like everybody else.


I have. I get a cold. Like everybody, You know, everybody, everybody think when you're in the entertainment, things are just perfect. No it's not. And your family members and your friends are the worst. The Bible speaks. If it ain't your family, watch your closest friend. Mm. They gonna get you. I got a cousin now. Aren't you going through so much? I said keep having some birthdays. You gonna go through some more shit. Mm, that's right. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? But they expect you to rescue them and fix them and not pay you back. Who thought of that one? I don't know. I don't know who thought of that one. And I don't know. They don't think, but if it was flip, if I owed them now, y'all know he owes some money.


He ain't gave me my money yet. But when you owe me, I swear to be able to understand. Well, you got it. Yeah, exactly. I be telling, I told him I ain't seen a rich man with extra money. Damn. Nope. Never. Why do you have to say your name twice? I, because my mom used to call me twice. My mama said if I call you the third time, I'm gonna kill you. So No, My mother said, if I call you three times, you going to die today. And my mother was a little woman about one 40. I mean, she was just but loving and knew how to make her way outta no way. Most mothers do. That's why it's always good when you do get successful and you start making money, make sure you take care of your mama.


And one thing you gotta realize, it don't take much like you think it does. That's right. People think like what I gotta do. No, your mama don't want that much. She just wanna make sure she's okay. She's comfortable and, and she got a little money. My mother, last 20 years of her life, I made sure she was straight. Didn't pay no bills, nothing. But it didn't take much. You know what I'm saying? But then when your family members found out about it, they start trying to use you too. You know, my mom going through something. Well, that's your mother. This one is mine, Lady. You have for real. Bruce. Bruce, we appreciate you for joining us. No, thank you much. And you going do it right now, right? Huh? Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna show tonight.


Tonight. Yeah. And You know, next week I'm in Tampa. We got that. I'm in Tacoma, Washington. We, after that, I'm in Raleigh. I'm booked every week. If I'm not booked every week, somebody gonna lose their job. Ain't nobody gonna be sitting at home drinking lemonade while I'm sitting home. That's right. I need to go to work. That's right. Yeah. Well let you have it. It's Bruce. Bruce. Yeah. We've been trying to get Bruce, Bruce up here for a minute, man. 'cause You know, I've always disrespected you as a, as a comedy legend, man. That's right. Man, you a icon. So salute to you Bruce. Bruce, you thank you for coming. Love, respect. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite pigs.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be mer, be bright. Be loved this holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry. Bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.