
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show.


And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


KC Chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted. The old s sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


This is a morning show for guys day DJ Envy. Better Known as the People's Choice. This to all my light-skinned brothers out there. Just hilarious. Just for The World wide mask. Just don't do no lying. And charlamagne the guy Don. Get everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call Mr the Hot Seat Breakfast Club. It's like being on America's front porch. Don't feel like my wrist. I never cost to me for every time I go to The Breakfast Club. I know it's gonna be like a good one. I'm getting Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next.


(800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with The coach of Phil. Hey Nadine. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Where you calling from first? I'm calling from Dallas, Texas. Okay. Dallas. What's up mama? I wrote a book, it's called How to Date A Fat Chick. A Fat Girl Guy to Dating And I was so grateful. Guys, take it up and read it. How to Date Of Fat Chick? Yes, A Fat Girl Dodge. Is it a heavy read? Is it thick? Like how many pages is it? Ha ha ha. You so funny. No, I'm just asking like, how many pages is it? It's not that, it's not that that thick. It's like 116 pages. It's it's one day read. But it's a great story about my dating life.


About your what? My dating life. Oh, you a big girl. A Duh. Don't duh heck, she might not be big no more. It might be her past life she writing about. So it was hard. It was hard for you to date. No, it's a satirical look at my dating life. It's just the things that I went through and the lessons that I learned along the way. Okay, I'd love to read that. I had a, I had a home girl who wrote something like that before it was called Dating While Fat. Oh wow. Oh well yeah, it's on Amazon. So it's, it's by Nadine Jones with just me and again, how to date a fat, fat girl back dating. Okay. What category is it in? Food Home. Jesus. What is it? Like what category is it home? It's not how to Should be.


How to, right. I'm asking, I Think, I don't know what categories it is, but it's, it's such a, it's comedy I think satirical. So you, you know, just type it in. You'll finance, What's it called again? How date A fact? Tick. So if a guy takes you out to eat, do you limit the food that you have? So you don't look big? You gotta read the the book. You're right. I'm sorry It came up as a cookbook. No it didn't. Shut up. No, I'm lying. No How to date A Fat Chicken, fat, fat Girl Guide to Dating by Nadine Jones. Alright, I like the cover. I like the, I like that. It looks like a, what do you call that? A Cosmo. A Cosmo. What do you call that book? A book A notebook. But yeah, a cos, whatever that is. Yeah. I I like that. Composition. Composition. There you go.


There we go. Well you have a good one day, Dee. Thank you. You too. Good luck. Hello. Who's this? What's going on man? My name is super trucker man. I'm out of east of North Carolina, man. I'm a truck driver. What's up? Super trucker. How you feeling this morning Man? I'm good man. I'm out here shifting gears, making that black smoke come out the bike. Okay. All right. What you transporting? I do flatbeds. I'm hauling building materials right now. Okay. All well be safe on the roads, brother. Yo man, I just wanna know, man. Y'all got love for truckers man. You damn right. I got love for truckers. You know, let me hear that One. I know you do, Jesse. Hey look, I got a song called Trucker Love, man. So y'all get a chance.


Check it out. It's on YouTube. You still got love for truckers, Jesse. You know he was going. I blow, blow that home for us, brother. I got you. All right, man. Hear that. Be safe with them Rose brother. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's up Mv? What's up brother? What's up Jess? How y'all doing? What's up baby? Good, good. What's going on? Get it off your chest. Yo. I'm mad at my brother James. What's your brother do? He's yo, he set me up. I'm sick last night And I feeling, well I'm at home and he to lied to his wife, telling her that he was hanging out with me all night and he wasn't. Oh man, he ain't tell you that she was part of the lie.


He ain't tell me 'cause I was dead into The World and my, he, his wife called my wife. Oh. Asking her was he, was he with me? Oh man, What's your wife say? So yo, she blew his spot up like hell no, you wanna see the cameras? Damn. Damn. She blew him up and she, and he's calling me up to tell her about, yo, you supposed to help me out. I'm like, yo, you should have told me first. I hate What somebody make you a part of the lie, but don't tell you about the lie. Like damn Now, Now he mad because he say that I'm the reason why Hi. His wife is is putting him out now. He wants to come and stay at my house. Oh hell no you not the reasoning your wife ain't gonna let him stay. Your wife ain't gonna let no cheating as stay at you at their house.


Mm. I'm sending him over to you. Envy. Definitely Not sending him over to me. I got a couple of dogs that'll make sure he stay out. I hear that. Envy yo Envy when you throw another mix tape out, man, come on. Stop playing. You be rapping. You talking about a DJ Mix tape, Justin. Okay, Justin, you be rapping. You, you ain't gonna get that in a while bro. I, you know, I I It ain't gonna happen bro. Oh, Come on. Envy. That ain't gonna happen. These artists, these artists a lot different man. But back then I would say the artists really respected the DJ and really loved the DJ with mixes with you ask artist for something and they would be happy to do it. Glad to do it. But now, And I ain't playing a politics game, bro. Yeah, Yeah, I know what you and Red Cafe, man.


Yeah. Shout to Red. All right brother. Well you have a good one man. Peace. All right brother, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, full lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest Off. Whether you're mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Aina. Hey Adina. Heat it off your chest, mama. I'm a little nervous but I really want people to reach out to your friends and family, check on 'em to make sure that they're okay.


It's been almost eight months since I lost my soulmate to suicide and when he committed suicide, we was on a break, but we were still very much in communication with each other. But I knew something was wrong and my gut told me to go check, but my head said, no, don't do it. And had I listened to my gut, I would've known something was wrong and could have been able to help also with women and their children. When you have a man that wants to be in the lives of their kids, you shouldn't use the child as a porn to get back because no one ever, never ever thought that he would commit suicide because of what was happening with his children.


So I just want people to just be aware of those things. Absolutely. Yes ma'am. Well definitely sending you healing energy Queen. Yes, Thank you. Absolutely. Alright mama. Have a blessed day. You guys do the same. He's very heavy this morning. Crack a joke or something. Jess got mercy. So ain't no damn character. You got some Money? Hello? Who's this? Hello? This is Blind Tommy. What's up Blind timing Blind Tommy. You Know if you're, how Y'all doing? Dang, I'm mad because I'm, because I'm a blind broke comedian. Are you? So, so you gotta pick one now, which one you mad about? Being blind being broke or being a comedian? All three. Well, you should learn to see the bright side Damnit how you Know you broke.


How you know people not just stealing your money. I ain't got nobody to steal. Damn. I think, I think you might be looking at this wrong. Were you born blind looking at You? Don't Look at It. One drop it blind five years ago. Oh, okay. Okay. So You are a newly blind. You don't Count. Damn. How'd you get blind, sir? So fun has gotten my system and they attacked my optic nerves. Damn. Sorry to hear that bro. Mm. Have you, have you learned any new skills? Have anything, has anything else strengthened A little bit, but not that too much. Got you, got you. Well, how can we help you this morning, brother? What can we do for you? Whatever. We'll see what we can do. Whatever it is. But Trying to, you know how people ask y'all for books?


How? Get a book deal man. Can I work for you? You want a book deal? Yeah, I'm, I'm be honest with you, I'm interested in the story. I can't sit there and act like I wouldn't want to hear more of the story. What if he talking about braille books? Well, you want to write No, I'm talking about you Books. I hate This place this morning. I hate this place, Eddie. Get get my information. I'm interested in hearing the story. I wanna see if there, it might, might be a story there. You never know. Yeah, All Hold on Tommy, you okay It? All right, hold on Tommy, get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren La filling in for just this morning. And if you're just joining us we'll open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. UNC is being ed this morning. How am I being unc? I'm just letting y'all know that the Mega Millions is now $5. Y'all. I can't be the only person in America that cares about this. You know what I'm saying? I've been playing my numbers for years. Emini here since Powerball came to South Carolina, you know back in the early two thousands, right? I remember when Powerball used to be a dollar and then Mega Millions came around. I don't know if Mega Millions was a dollar or if it was $2. All I know has been $2 for years. So I go in the store And I play five Powerball, five Mega Millions. That's usually $20, okay?


That's usually $20. That is a fair price to pay for a hope and a dream. I went in there the other day And I said, lemme get five Powerball, five mega million. She said, that'll be $35. I said, $35. Why? I said I only want 10 tickets. She said Mega million is now $5. I said, what? I can't even afford to wish now I can't even afford to hope. They say you play the Mega Millions in the Powerball because hey, you never know. I can't even afford to never know. Well, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. I don't gamble like that. I don't gamble in casinos. I only play the Mega Ball. Or, or the Powerball or the Megas If the Mega Millions in the Powerball.


Okay, you know what Emini here, the Mega Ball is what y'all used to do at Diddy parties. That was, that was an extra extracurricular activity at a Diddy party. A mega ball. I don't really, I like every once in a while when it gets close to a billion, then I'll play. But I'm not on it like that. What about you Lauren? No, never. Alright, well let's go To you. Don't believe in yourself. See, I believe in myself. I'm the type of person that'll look at the Mega Millions number or the Powerball number and see that it's like one and whatever hundreds of millions of people win. And I'll be like, I'll be that one person. I always feel like it's a, a older person And I always feel like they live in a place that I've never heard of. That's what I always do. That's, they always get their ticket from a gas station. Well, guess what? I always get 'em from the gas station And I am becoming as much as much older person.


I'll be 47 this year. When am I eligible to win 60? Hello? Who's this? This is Cheyenne. Cheyenne. What's up? Talk to us. I I play the Mega Millions Powerball Lotto every single day. The first time I walked in And I saw that Mega Millions was $5, I almost dropped to the floor. I play every single day. God, Every, And the thing is now, now that it's $5, you not gonna play as much, which they're still gonna get their money, but then you're not gonna be able to make as much money because you can't play as many tickets as you used to talk. Talk Ain't said, sir, have You ever won? You don't have as much hope. You can't afford hope anymore, which is crazy. Can't Even can't afford hope. Have you ever won, sir?


I have. I've won 2,500, I've won a hundred. I've won, I've won thousands. I've won a multiple times. But now it's like they're taking away those chances for you to be able to win. That's right. And it's like I can only afford a couple tickets. The most I've ever won is a hundred dollars. I always win like $2 $4 and I'm grateful for that. 'cause you know it's baby step that lets me know I'm getting close To that jackpot. Yeah, it's Fun. Oh my. Absolutely. It's fun to go in there and then to say, okay, I won. I, I maybe I played $4, but I get my $4 back. Now I played $10 and it is like, I only went $4. I lost $6. So now, you know, like I'm struggling now that's like, you know, right, I'm in a hole. So before I never felt Like I was in a hole. Now I feel like I'm in a hole every time I play.


And this brother is absolutely right 'cause I'm only going to spend $20 I'm gonna buy, I'm gonna still buy my, my five Powerball. But now I gotta reduce my Mega millions, the only two tickets. So that's decreasing my chances of winning Mega Millions. Hello? Who's this? Yes. How you doing? My name is Stacey Adams like the shoes. Hey Stacey, Adams like the shoe. What's up brother? Talk to us O Okay, so listen, everybody who knows me knows that I'm a lottery crackhead. So I don't care if it goes to $20 a ticket, I'm playing. No, I'm Like Shana man. No, no, no, no, no. I'm dead serious. I am dead. Yo. I listen to y'all every morning. I start my day at like 4:00 AM Thank you. Since I got my own cupcake business. Yo. Charlemagne, I cannot believe I'm on the phone with y'all.


But yo, when I heard about the lottery, my crackhead came. Oh, I'm sorry. My crackhead side came out. I'm like, yo, I got a call. I am on The Breakfast Club. That's crazy, Sir. One second. 20 a ticket. Oh no. Yes, no. So Charlamagne, I actually win a lot actually. Like I never win like the big high ball or like the mega millions. But I played like the pick three, the pick four. What's the most one $23. Okay. So the most I ever won was 1008. Okay. And how much do you think you spend a week? Oh no. Oh, it's crazy. Like I said, I'm a crack head. How Much do you spend the week, man?


Probably about, I feel like $30 a day. Forget the week. I spend like $30 a day. $30 A day. Which is what, five days a week you Spend? He's an entrepreneur though. He got his own cupcake business. Yeah, right. I got my own cupcake business. So I make that money. Yo, I wanna bring y'all some cupcakes. Like yo, I really do. What's your Instagram? We need to see what's, what's your Instagram? Okay, got it. Okay, got it. My Instagram is Stacey. S-C-H-C-Y. Famous F-A-M-O-U, SCO Cupcakes. Thank. Thank You sir. And Stacey, Eddie put Stacey on hold. Get his information. Let Stacey bring his cupcakes up here. I'm telling you man, this mega million thing is, it's, it's a travesty that's going on in our communities right now.


$5 a ticket is ridiculous. It went from $2 to $5 with no warning. At least I wasn't paying no attention. Some of y'all need to call that number. The one, the 1-800-GAMBLER. If you have a problem, please call this number. That man spent $7,000 to $8,000 a year and he only won a thousand dollars. Yeah, but the reality but for multiple years with The reality is what if that's his vice? Like, you know, like what if he don't, what if he don't buy nothing else? What if he don't buy like cars or you know, spend his what if that's what he wants to spend his money on. One 800 Gamble. I think that's the number. What's the number Lauren? Find that for us. 805. 8 5 1 0 5. What if he just joining us, UNC was so distraught this morning. Charlamagne walked in. He didn't know Powerball tickets. The price went up. Not The Powerball. The mega millions is $5 man, not the Powerball.


Okay. All right. And it's one, it is 1-800-GAMBLERS operated by the National Council. Gamble of gamble. Not gamble. I don't gamble. I don't do, I don't do the prize picks the draft kings. I don't do, I don't gamble. I don't gamble at casinos. I'm talking, telling you my gambling is limited to mega millions and Powerball tickets every day, every week. That's what I do. Question Charlotte. Lord, you him. I don't gamble, right? I don't go casinos. You talking. But I just gamble on my lottery. When You talking to your kids about the all this, do you say you playing your numbers? Yes. You are so country Man. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with being country? You eat fat back. No hell not eat. No pork. No pork on my folk. I'm playing 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are you distraught? Like this morning Call us up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's CJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Jordan Klepper. Welcome. Yes. Thanks for having me. How you feeling? I feel real good. Yeah. I love the way you came in there already. 'cause I was joking. I was like, you what? Six four And then Charla was like, really? You man? You said Charlemagne must be around six one And I here five one didn't Say, he said said five one. I said five One said five one. And I not right, I was being generous Mike in my head I was like, I'll make a joke about four six, but I'll give him a little bit more. I said five one. What did you say you were Charlemagne? I'm five six. That's a goddamn Lie. Five six. Five Six. You, You are No, five six. Five Six. Actually five seven. But I Just say five six to make people feel comfortable. Well I feel Whatever reason I say five seven, I, they argue with me.


So I Just say five, six. Yeah. And even though you said five, six, I'm arguing with you right now, right? Is that include at the brim? If you put the brim way up, you're including the brim. Right. But See that's what I thought with you. I'm like with the hair. You might be six boy, I don wasm thinking like six one. That is fair. The hair, the hair gives me an extra couple inches. Solomon Is five six with heels on that. My hair's Actually about five six. Well, you wear heels regular. How tall are you when you actually wear them? Okay, I'm six five. Okay. What Emini here? Your foot Jordan? I broke my sesamoid bone. I don never even heard of that. It's, I didn't either. They, it's called, it's the kneecap of the toe. Wow. I know. I got, I got another, lemme tell you, if you want old man stories right now. I broke my sesamoid bone by standing on it for too long. I don't even Know what that is. It's, It, it really, it's My standing on it.


You, I broke a above my standing. I'm just, I'm that old now. Wow. Yeah. And that, that's a big deal for you. 'cause you are, you know, probably one of the best field journalists out here. If not the best. The best. A hundred percent the best. Nope. I think you're the best. I'll take it. I, I I Do. And you have the new one. Fingers, fingers, fingers. The posts, fingers, the maga the next generation that have to affect you. It does. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I Emini here. Literally if you watch the special right now, you will see I'm only shot from like the, the, the halfway up. And if anything gets awry, like I can't move or get away from people. Oh, so It was broke during the special, It was broke during the special. Oh, You can't do that when you around the MAGA crowd. It's tough. You just never know. Now no offense to the MAGA crowd, but they're also slow movers too.


Gotcha. So, you know, I can, I can usually outmaneuver them. I can use my privilege to lord it over them or I use the four security guards to get between me and them if things get hairy. I enjoyed the special It's you talking to the, the younger, I guess generation of MAGA because 15% of what young men Yeah. Young men shifted right? This election. Gotcha. And there was a shift, there was a shift right from the entire youth generation. Like women shifted. Right. But men especially moved into the MAGA camp. And so we were, we were curious why, like what was it about that it doesn't, it doesn't feel like the, the cool thing on a campus to believe in, you know, anti-abortion, reproductive rights or, you know, essentially it's the anti hippie movement.


But, but there was a movement. So we're like, let's get there. Let's go to a Turning Points event. Let's go to a UFC fight. Let's like talk to some of these kids. I watched it And I, when I finished, I was like, I still didn't hear a logical reason. It just felt like vibes. I think. Yeah, I think it still is vibes. The large question was like, is there an ideology behind this shift? And I think the answer is no. I I don't think you have a lot of kids who have conservative ideals. Some, there's some who religion comes in or whatever those ideals are. But I think mostly they see people finding success on, on TikTok and the social media space being conservative. And that gives them an identity. They see it as a little bit punk that gives it an identity.


So I think like they're moving towards vibes, which I think for the left they can get those vibes back, but they're just not engaging with that generation. Jordan, I would've to ask why, why? Like why did you want to waste your time and talk to Maga younger Youngings? Yes. I don't think it's a Waste of time. I think it's, I think it's a good exercise. I think more people should do that. The Reason I say that is 'cause it, you're not gonna get the answers you like probably. And then you're probably gonna get threatened a lot. Sure, yes. Emini here. The first answer, health insurance. My, my job is to, to be able to talk to other people. And if I don't do my job, I don't have health insurance. Correct. And I have weak bones. So we've established that for this six foot nine frame. I need that health insurance. But I think what I, what I like about it Emini here, I, I'm lucky I get to go out there.


I'm not a journalist, I'm a comedian. So I get to, I get to push, I get to ask follow ups. I get to Cavort and try to find something that reveals, right. Like my job out there isn't to convince people of one way or the other. I think my job is to find something that is revealing. Like for this special, we talk to a kid And I always find it fascinating to go to a campus and just see like, what, what actually is happening. C Nnn will tell you one thing, but until you go to Texas a and m and talk to a kid, do you actually understand what it is? Like we talked to a kid about like why he was obsessed with Charlie Kirk, why he was, he was going to a Charlie Kirk event. What is it about this, this, this guy? And he literally articulated like, I have a hard time with my words. I like to listen to what he says. I like to memorize it.


And I have his words and his ideas and it's like, it's comedic in the, the special. But I think above that, it's, it's just revealing. Like when you're like, well why do these people, why are they drawn to this? It's like, that kid said it right there. He didn't even know that he's, he's being somewhat comical that you're just memorizing ideas so you can regurgitate it. But it's, it's very human. He was like, he feels lost without that. So for me it's always, always compelling to go where the the story is and to talk to folks about it. I was gonna ask now, now the threatening part. Yeah. How many times have you been threatened? Whether it's calls people in, in,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fm, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plug-in hybrid RAV4 and even the hot new super. These five models rank in the top 10 resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Custom window treatments are a small upgrade that have a big impact. No better time to shop than now at blinds dot com's. Memorial Day mega sale blinds.com invented a better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing, no showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home. Whether you're a DIY warrior prefer the white glove treatment or somewhere in between. blinds.com can help. Our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. Plus we can even handle everything from measure to install style. Every room effortlessly with classic shutters for living spaces, blackout for bedrooms, motorized options for ease. Shades for your patio too. With over 25 million windows covered and 40,005 star reviews, blind.com is the trusted name and custom window treatments all backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds dot com's Memorial Day mega sale. Save up to 50% sitewide Plus get a free measure now@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Person, emails, texts, Et cetera, et cetera. Emini here, that happens a lot. The, the, the emails, the calls, there's been threats on, on family members, which would aim is not super fun. I think out in the field 10 years ago, I'm not going out there with security guards. You know, you can go out there as a comedian, talk about politics and not be afraid of getting punched. But Trump era comes in, people get more upset, upset. Trump says like, you're, you're a patriot. Fight back. These are the enemy of the people. And it was, it was during his first, first run for president that, like, we went to a school board meeting and are having a conversation And I get bum rushed by somebody who's just mad that we have a camera there. And since then we keep adding security guards.


I was there on January 6th and that got hairy. We got a, a security guard. They got pushed. There's flash bangs going off. They're like, we can't stand here. We need to get on a train. Like it's sort of the new reality. And most people I talk to are great. They wanna talk. They are, they wanna be on tv, they wanna engage. But you have it now where people have been weaponized by the most powerful men on the planet who says like, you can do something, you should fight back. These are the bad guys. And all it takes is a couple bad ideas for those guys to, to feel themselves and and, and go after you. What's the crazy experience You that, that you've had so far? Emini here. J six was pretty wild. I'm sure you was out there for J six. I was up there for J six. Ain't know that you was out. What was you doing?


I was working on J six. All right. Charlamagne. I was working there because I was out there. I was out there I The window. You know what the funniest moment on J six outside of the whole trying to overthrow the government and you know, crapping on Nancy Pelosi's desk. Outside of that, I'm literally interviewing people and we'd been there before and we knew sort of like, we don't want to get trapped on the onslaught, so let's stay outside of where everybody is. And quite frankly we're like, where's the one place nobody is congregating. And it was outside the African American History Museum. Jesus. Nobody was going there. So we, we were like, we will meet up here and then we'll go and find people to interview and we start walking. We find this guy swinging a pitchfork. And I, I go up to the man, I start talking to this man.


Oh, that's the guy you wanna talk to. That's the guy Emini here, the guy that's swinging the pitchfork. We gotta make TV here. You know? And that guy's got a pitchfork. He's, he's throwing it around lead With blood, alright, by wait, I, I still find hilarious that nobody was outside the African American. Oh Hundred percent. 40 thing, you know, where are we gonna go? Yeah, African American. Nobody going, Do you wanna engage with America's sins of the past? Nah, nah, let's take a crap on the desk of the capitol. What do you say? So we're talking to this guy swinging a pitchfork and he is ranting about revolution. And another man comes up, he sees the camera and he just starts, he's just swearing. He's just obscenity man. And he's yelling so loud that pitchfork man stops the interview. He shushes him and then he says, this man doesn't speak for me, which then leaves me grateful to the more levelheaded man swinging a pitchfork.


Wow. And he, he makes eye contact with me and he rolls his eyes as if to say like, can you believe this effing guy? And I was like, oh yeah, that's it. Like even this guy is like, these guys are too crazy for me. Can we just have a conversation? And you're like, right, we can actually find a little bit of common ground if there is that crazier person there. We got my man Jordan Klepper from the Daily Show here. Yo, refresh my memory. I don't what the hell was happening on January 6th before the insurrection. What was everybody there for? Well, they were there to certify the vote. Certify the vote. Okay. But, but, but Trump then preempts it by having a huge rally at 11 o'clock. And so everybody comes out, Rudy Giuliani's there, and so everybody comes to watch the, the, the giant Trump speech. But everybody leaves halfway through. Not everybody, half the folks leave halfway through to go start moving towards the capitol, which then we saw, we saw the Proud Boys march on the Capitol Emini here.


It was a, it was a wild day. It was not a surprise though as a, a cable comedy show. Like we knew to be at the capitol. We were right there when they pushed in because we're like, this is where everybody's going. This is where they said they're going. There's going to be something to happen here. I we, we didn't expect them to get inside, but we knew they'd be there For, for the sake of content, for the sake of cliques, did you think to yourself, Hey, we should go in with them? Luckily, luckily, my, my inherent fear got in the way there. I think it was, it was confusing as to like what the rules were. I think even at the, at the time there, there was a small fence that got pushed in. And even as you're seeing this and you're watching this and it's again, it's, it's half tragic. Like this is the capital, this is the seed of American governance, And I see all these people acting like generals going in there.


And it's also completely absurd. I saw, I interviewed literally an old man on a segue trying to go up the hill while it's happening, but I'm assuming they can't get in, right? You're like, they're going to get stopped at some point there. But the people just kept coming and, and, and literally our security guards at one point were just like, we're hearing explosions. This is an uncontrolled situation. It's time to get out People at your daily show. And you said it a little while ago, everybody at the Daily Show always says something that I totally disagree with. Y'all say that y'all not y'all not journalists, y'all are comedians when the reality is y'all are probably some of the best journalists. Ouch. Because you do things like go and talk to the other side when other folks really don't. Right. So when do you ever interview people at these rally?


Well, first of all, do you think it's fair for y'all to be able to say y'all not journalists? Well, it's definitely a dodge. So yeah, thanks for calling that out. You know, Emini Emini here. I think I say that in that the stories we get on the Daily Show are stories that are brought to us by journalists putting in the work. And so, so that I, I respect and, and they, they work by the code of journalism. I think what we have, we take it very seriously. I, I don't see myself as a journalist, but I take going out and bringing back what we see to the show very seriously. But I, I do want an audience to understand the bias that we have towards comedy and that we're making a show with that point of view. But I think all news has a bias. And I do think, like in modern journalism, I don't think it should be a bunch of comedians going out there bringing the stories back far from it. But I do think they could probably loosen up some of the rules in the ways in which they engage with people.


Because in sometimes you see people engaging with the old school rules of journalism, not pushing people past their conspiracies or their BS or they're, they're weighing both sides where you're like, no, that, that's bs You need to call that out. You need to use some other way to knock that person off their talking point so they can reveal something truthful there. And I think as comedians, we have that ability and it's best it, it works that way, but we are, you we're working in conjunction with, with journalists who are actually bringing the story back so that we can have some commentary on it. Comedy is disarming. It is. That's the thing that a lot of the journalists don't Have a hundred percent, you know? Yeah. And at, at its best. It cuts to the quick, faster than, than trying to argue with somebody else. You Know, when you do something like the maga the next generation, do you ever leave the rally thinking, damn, maybe I'm the one who doesn't get it.


Yeah, I'm, you know, Emini here. I think I always leave it with a little bit more empathy towards the folks that I'm talking with because for every, you know, every five minutes on camera, there's two minutes off camera where you're talking about something that's not political and you connect with them and they're interesting, they're compelling. You find music that you both care about or something. And I think like that, that softens what you think about the people and the interactions that you have with those people. I think I, I usually feel pretty steadfast in my opinions. That being said, I do think, like, no, nobody has these certainty that they pretend to have on camera at these rallies. Like, no, there's, there's, there's a lot of complexity to many, many issues, but nobody has the, the, the guts or the vulnerability to be open about it, usually in front of a camera.


Now you said you wanna bring peace and harmony. God, did I say that? Yes. Oh, really? Is that true? Oh boy, what did I say? I wanna bring peace and harmony. You said you wanna Bring peace and harmony, but, but how was that? When every time a MAGA member comes, you give 'em a little joke? Yes. Give a little, just A little bit. You know what, yeah. I try to deliver peace through the lovely delivery mechanism of, of, of a joke. I, you know, I'd love there to be some peace and harmony, but it, it, it is a constant balance of, you know, I wanna empathize. I don't wanna just be mean out there when I talk to other people, but also it's, I think life is pretty serious right now. And I think when I go to some of these MAGA events, you see Donald Trump playing to the masses in a way that emboldens him to do pretty cruel things.


And so I don't mind pushing back hard in that direction, but I often think the people I talk to I have sympathy for because I think they're being weaponized by other people who are trying to manipulate them. So that's, that's where my empathy tends to lie. Do you ever struggle with where satire ends and, and responsibility begins there? Yeah. Emini here. I think like that activist conversation is a tough one. I, I, I don't, I don't, I don't love the hat. I do think, like John is somebody who always says like, you know, this is not activist. We are comedians. And I think like in some ways that is a, that is a safety net. But you also sort of need that to like not approach work every day to think of like, what am I trying to change in The World? Like I understand where that comes from, but it's like the job of the show is to find comedy to follow like your passions, the things you care about, where you see BS call it out, but also like, find a way to make it funny and interesting and reformat it.


I think that is the job you get, you get in tough territory when you're like, I need to, I need to be an activist in that moment. I don't think that is the place, but I think you have to be honest with like your desire to like, be a part of that conversation, but also be honest with like, what your skillset is and what your platform is. Have You ever spoke with somebody where you actually changed their mind by the things that you said and they understood what you were saying? No. Damn. I do tell a story though. It doesn't happen in front of the camera. People don't change their minds in front of the camera, but off camera it gets close. I, I, I was heckled at a rally by a man who was dressed in a brick suit, a suit that looked like Trump's wall, a bespoke suit. He had a hbar mustache.


He's known as the brick suit guy. Trump brings him up on stage at lots of his rallies. He's famous there. He trolled me at a rally. He live streamed during our interviews to try to get people not to talk to us. He was a pain in the ass. We get snowed in and all of us have to fly out the next day after this rally on different flights. And I show up at the Green Bay Airport, very tiny airport alone. There's a three and a half hour delay and brick suit guy is there, And I, he's not in the brick suit still, he's not in the brick suit. He's wearing a MAGA hat. He's got, he's got two extra hats on his case, but no brick suit civilian close. And he is like, do you want talk? And of course I don't wanna talk, but we are there at an airport for three and a half hours and we get into it.


And I don't change his mind, he doesn't change my mind, but he is remarkably open about the things he's unsure about with Donald Trump. He's unsure. He, he wishes Donald Trump didn't go on and on about the 2020 election being stolen, which is a huge thing to show any kind of weakness. Like I don't believe Trump was honest about that in the MAGA movement. You can't say that in front of the camera. He says that to me off camera. He talks about like where he comes from and frankly, he comes, he's like a libertarian guy who likes to troll people on lime. You'd like to think that the handlebar mustache guy who dresses in bespoke brick suits is an idiot, not an idiot. Smart guy. Feels like a history buff. Like the kind of person who has too many like World War II books. But a smart guy has his own topics.


Like we, we literally, we laugh. Somebody recognizes me as we're talking and, and asks for a selfie and he takes the photo, which is like this. He's open to all of this stuff. We, we, we talk all the way up until I get on the plane and I'm in an exit row and the woman who takes the ticket asks if I'm willing to accept the, the responsibilities of being in an exit row. I say yes. And then I turn it into him. And I was like, I hope this freaks you out, man. And he, he laughs and I'm like, that's it right there. Like, you're not intimidated by me. You're not, I'm not so offended that I made a joke. You laugh. It, it, it's, it's humor. It's disarming and and it's, for most of the people who I'm friends with, even who I disagree with, you find things you can laugh at, right?


And, and that happens all off camera. And I'm not entering that conversation to try to change his mind. That's not gonna happen. But I'm entering it with like an amount of uncertainty of like, here's the things that I'm unsure about what the, the left says, or, or here's things that I think are okay about what Trump does. And he's like, here's things that I doubt about what Trump does. You're like, oh, there's, there's the human behind that, even in the, in the caricature of a guy from the Daily Show mixed with the caricature of a person from the Trump universe. Like they can talk, they can meet somewhere of an understanding. And usually it's, it's freaking away from those cameras in a, in a Green Bay airport. It is Memorial Day. So we're not here sleuth all our veterans out there. But we do have some new conversations for you that you haven't heard yet. My man, Jordan Klepper, he's got a new special out Jordan Klepper Fingers, the post maga, and we're gonna talk to him all about it right here on The Breakfast Club.


I remember they had, when you had your late night show, didn't they have you playing a character of a Yeah, like a, a a conservative right Wing. I was playing like an Alex Jones style right wing character. And so that, that was, and at that time too, it was like Infowars was so huge and big and the conspiracy mindset, which thankfully has gone completely away. We don't see it anymore. But that, that was me playing a caricature to find humor in, in going over the top. And quite frankly, as comedy has evolved and the politics situation has evolved so much over the last 10 years, like I think that's still a space to play in. There's still humor to be found, but I think audiences are like so tired of, of extreme caricatures. You have one in the White House that like, I think they're connecting more with comedians on a more authentic level.


And so that's sort of in some ways where the finger of the pulse stuff has come out of Trevor was big on that. He was just like, go out there. You're not, you're not playing a parody of a journalist. You're, you're yourself bringing your wits about you and your opinions. Find humor in that, but don't lean on the character. Also, people are dumb, so they'll believe you. They're like, I didn't know you was playing the character. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. We had, we had, at the Opposition, we had Carter Page who was a foreign advisor to Donald Trump. And it was the center of the news cycle at one point because people were wondering he was, if he was a Russian asset because Russia had manipulated him in the past and he was working for the Trump administration and he reached out to our show and took a meeting at our show because he wanted to work on our show as someone, he didn't see it as a satire.


Wow. He saw it as an opportunity, which, which was hard for us to swallow. Where do you think satire fits in today's media landscape? Are people numb to it? Are they addicted or are they still reachable? Do they understand it? Like, Emini Here? I think what what has shifted so much is like the, the formatting of it all right. I think like satire is all about context and that's hard if you're taking in seven second chunks on like TikTok. Yes. I think it's easier if you have a 30 minute chunk, if you have an eight minute rant. I think people are drawn to comedy in many ways. It is like the language of of Emini here. It's the language of humor. But I think like it's the quickest way to get to, to a truth. So I do think, I think satire is in, in a boon.


I think people are are drawn. But I think, but that being said, the social media landscape has shifted the ways in which we consume all this stuff. And that has kind of like, it is made for long form capabilities, long podcasts. And I think that has shifted where comedy lies and short form as well, which is more about the sound bites. Now speaking Of future of Mag, what do you think the future of MAGA is gonna look like, especially in 2028? Oh boy. I think that I, I think Trump is such a singular character that they think it can be passed on and that we have seen no proof of that yet. Donald Trump has been famous his whole life, Emini here. You know, he's, you know, referencing rap songs when I was coming up in a way that was like, he is equated with wealth. And I think that is, nobody else has that.


And so I think they're going to try to pass it off. Maybe that's to Shady Vance. Maybe it's to somebody who's even farther, right? But right now it's still a cult of personality that he's going to try to build around him. We'll see if that baton goes anywhere else. It's Interesting when people say that though, because to me it's not even about the individual of Donald Trump. There's clearly a whole system that is perfectly okay with him doing everything that he's doing. Yeah. So that is what scares me. It's the system Yeah. That is allowing him to exist. 'cause they will allow somebody else to exist in that same way. Yeah. They've attached a system and there there's people behind it who have gotten good at understanding how to use Donald Trump. I think this project 2025, the, the, The World of the Steve Bannon's like, or like, okay, we, he's gonna come in here.


He, he has a singular character in his ability to charm half a nation, 40 some odd percent of a nation. I think that is hard to pass off, but I think you have, you have a conservative movement who has sort of lost any, any desire to make a moral argument and just found a way in which to like attach, attach their wants to somebody who will just bulldoze all the way through. Who is about Emini here? The, the, the Trump doctrine is, he likes to make deals and he wants whatever's good for him. Yes. And if they can attach conservative things onto the things that are deals and good for him that make him look successful and popular, then they will ride that. And he has no problem riding that. What, what, What's a moment?


I like a couple more questions. What's a moment that actually made you emotional while doing one of your man on the street segment? Emini here. It's not to get dark about it all, but like we covered news day in and day out and when I was hosting the show specifically like mass shootings. Yeah, Yeah. Like, you're like, oh, how do you find humor in it? We find humor, but like when you are, when it's your responsibility, late night has shifted into a, a place where people come to it to feel like a connection to what has happened during the days. And we have such a mass shooting epidemic in this country. And especially when I was hosting a show, we're like, what happened today? Well, the big news is there was another terrible shooting in a school and we had people come on and I've covered like the gun movement with specials and in the past as well.


And I've talked to parents And I've talked to students who are affected by all of this. And it's such, it's such emblematic of what is, what is what is wrong with our country. Like most people just want safe, basic guidelines to try to stop this. And there's such inaction on, on a federal level that it's constantly infuriating. And so as that keeps happening and continues to happen, like it's, it's, it's, it's so heartbreaking also as someone who has a, a kid who's in school right now. It's so scary to think of that happening to parents and beyond that, it's so infuriating. 'cause it's like the system is broken. When you have people who, who scream out from the rafters. 80 some odd percent of people are like, we just need basic stuff to try to help kids in schools.


And yet you have like a system of government that can't respond to that. Like that always, it always pisses me off. Mm. What, what's your dream feel piece that you haven't gotten to do yet? Barbados. Send me to a nice place, nice place on a beach. Are you I'm in Pennsylvania all the time at Trump. Rallies in the heat fighting with people about whether JFK Jr's still alive. Jesus. And so like, send me to someplace beautiful. Gimme a puff piece. So how do you decompress after a day of absorbing conspiracy theories in 90 degree heat? Oh, You know what I, I, it's, it's, it's booze. Booze helps real quick. It's booze. The NBA and being a dad, I think that helps out. Word. Yeah. Well tell 'em how they could see this special. They Can, they can check it out on Paramount Plus or YouTube.


It's up on both those places right now. That's Right. Fingers the pulse. Maga the next generation on the dailies. YouTube. Jordan Klepper, ladies Daily shows. YouTube. Thank you so much for joining us. Thanks for Having us guys. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Jordan Klepper. You gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean I'm me. Who's getting that donkey. That donkey that don't. Don Don Don Donkey Donkey of the day right there. The Breakfast Club bitches. You can call me the donkey of the day. But like Emini here, no harm. Donkey of the Day goes to a Baltimore man by the name of Kevin Gross. Kevin is 46 years old just like I am. But I clearly make better choices than Kevin. You know how sometimes people say, oh, you think you better than me? The answer is yes. Yes I do.


Because I make better choices. Not judging you for anything you got going on, but you ask me a question. Oh, you think you better than me? Yes. Hell yes. Because I understand the strongest principle of growth lies in human choice. And I make better choices than you. And if you are currently enjoying this thing called freedom, well you make better choices than Kevin as well because he's in jail currently facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95 this past Monday morning. Now I know some of y'all right now are either at or on the way to jobs where you think you can't stand your coworker. You believe you hate this coworker with all your heart and you just might. Okay. Just be better than Kevin.


Okay. And the way you continue to be better than Kevin is simply by making the choice not to shoot your coworker. Let's go to wba, A LTV for the report please. Bond denied for 46-year-old Kevin Gross. He's facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95. Early Monday morning. According to charging documents, the victim called 9 1 1 when state police arrived. They found him walking along the shoulder of 95 with seven gunshot wounds to the arm and torso. Court documents show he told police he was on his way into work and got a flat tire. So he pulled over on the shoulder of 95 just north of the Howard County line. When he got out to inspect the tire, his coworker Kevin Gross, pulled up behind him and got out wearing a mask, covering his mouth.


Gross. Told him he must have hit a pothole or something. But upon inspecting the tire, the victim could see the tire had been slashed. Gross then produced a firearm and began firing numerous shots. Charging documents reveal the two Were assistant managers at Planet. Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your A tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot new super. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing Opportunity


Aid in Elkridge Gross had recently been demoted in the victim toll police. Gross Thought he had something to do with that demotion. Kevin, you got the right last name because this was gross. What a diabolical plan. The victim was on his way to work and got a flat tire. He thought he hit a pothole but his tires had been slashed. Ooh, I wonder who slashed him. And then when he got out there and inspected Tire, Kevin pulled up behind him with a mask and shot him several times. All because he thought his coworker got him demoted. Both of them were assistant managers at Planet Aid. Now y'all know what Planet Aid is, right? No. No. Yeah, they they, they are the organizations that collect the clothing donations. They got the yellow bins all over the place where you can put the clothes and shoes in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They accept clothing donations and 1700 locations.


Oh nice. Okay. In the Elkridge warehouse, you know where Elkridge is, right? Yep. Yes. They collect 15.5 million pounds of used clothes and shoes annually. Well, clearly Kevin wasn't there for the cause. So I needed to know what are the perks of being an assistant manager at Planet Aid. So I asked Chad GPT, how much does an assistant manager at Planet Aid make? I don't know if this is a hundred percent correct, but it says the average salary for a manager at Planet Aid might earn between 50,000 and 60,000 annually. Now I need y'all to always keep in mind that my education is limited to a high school degree from night school. Okay? Drop on a clues bump from Berkeley High School, alright? South Carolina. But if it's, one thing I understand is prison math and by prison math Emini here, when you have to calculate in your mind whether or not the choice you make is gonna be worth you going to prison.


Okay? Now let's do the prison math. All right? I'm making 50, 60 grand a year in Baltimore as a 46-year-old man, I don't know about y'all, but if I can afford to put some food on my table and have a roof over my head, I'm gonna be happy. Okay? Success is subjective. And if you are a free man, 46 years old, you can come and go as you please. You got a job you maintaining, that's a good life. If you don't think it's a good life, go to a prison right now and talk to these brothers doing 15, doing 20, doing 25, some of 'em doing forever. And ask them, would they trade lives with the free man making 50 to 60 grand as an assistant manager at Planet Aid? Hell, even if he got demoted, okay? Even if he got demoted, the warehouse lead role at Planet Aid earns about 27 39 per hour according to chat GPT.


That's almost 57 grand a year if you working 40 hours a week. All I'm saying is no matter how much I calculate this prison math, okay, I've done addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. I tried to figure this out multiple ways. And guess what? It just don't compute, okay? It just doesn't add up. The victim is in critical condition. He got seven times, he got shot seven times. Kevin Gross is charged with attempted first degree murder in Maryland. That's life in prison, first and second degree assault. Kevin Gross is also charged with first degree assault is 25 years in Maryland. Second degree assault is 10 years in Maryland. And he got other related charges. Moral of the story is Kevin is spending the rest of his natural born life in prison.


Therefore the prison math ain't adding up. It's just not worth it. You have to calculate it in your head. You got demoted. You don't even know if this person you shot had anything to do with it. But even if they did, as soon as you started formulating this plan in your head, just think about it. I'm gonna cut his tires, I'm gonna shoot him a bunch of times. At some point your brain has to say, no, no, no, no, no. This prison math ain't ing. This is not a situation that's worth having to eat jail food for the rest of your life or having an inmate treat your bki like a bowl of cereal. So please let Remy ma give Kevin Gross the biggest hee-haw. Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother.


Are you Dumb? You got demoted. Take the L. How do you get demoted from like a Salvation Army place? That's what a goodwill place. And What could you do wrong? Yeah, I don't know. But he didn't even ask no questions. He just assumed it was just other, this other person and shot him seven times. Now he gonna spend the rest of his life in prison for that. Don't add up. We don't need to play a game. And you also Emini here we can if you want to. What? You wanna play a game? He from Baltimore, please. Come on now. There's no white people in Baltimore. Yeah, it's white, Asian, Baltimore in Baltimore. Come on now. No Latinos in Baltimore. No, but something that petty like that. Like you got a point?


Come on. You got a point. A clothing store then it's not even like a, in a like a regular clothing store. It's Planet Eight. Yeah. Like, nah, he black. Always do prison math though. Whenever you about to make a choice that you think gonna get you in some type of trouble, especially if it's involving any type of crime, just, just, just calculate it in your head. Is this worth the time you going to get for sad situation? That's Sad. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Morning everybody. It's Steve Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes, indeed. Be in. Welcome Pep Pep. Thank you so much for having me guys. How you doing Bro? Thank you. I'm doing great. I'm having an amazing time in New York.


Just sold out the sobs the other night and so now I'm in the best breakfast club. So this is a big deal for me guys, you just Launched a tour, Right? Yes. Okay. Yes. I one tour, currently I'm doing 10 states and we're sold out everywhere. Oh, that's dope. Congratulations. Super blessed. Thank you. Thank you. And the album is called, lemme see if I'm pronouncing this right. Yeah. Ausa ausa. Yes. Ausa is my name as known in my village. So Ausa y are U topless. So You don't have no shirt on most of the time. Yeah. You be out showing usually. But I had to buy. Yeah. So I'm showing ies, you know, some back. Yeah. But being topless is freedom. Being topless is audacity. And in this place of my career and where I'm at right now, I need that audacity to be with me every day.


Is That really audacity to be topless? If you walk around with no pants on swinging nothing. That's audacity. Just the shirt off everybody That No, you know when you get home, like if you're a girl, when you get home, the first thing you do is you unhook your bra. Yeah. And that's part of the freedom I'm talking about. Being topless is not, what do you identify as a black man Saying? You said as a girl, I don No, it's me. No, just giving an analogy. Yeah, Just Yes, exactly. It's an analogy. Yeah. Oh My god. Now You did. But no, but that's the different though. 'cause when I get it, when women get home and they take that bra off, they free. Yeah. All right. That is it. What about you? Like when you get home and maybe you're in Miami? No, if in Miami, if you're in a sunny place and a humid place and you take off your shirt, that's freedom man.


Yes. Yeah. In basketball, shorts no draws. You're not talking about That. Not So much. Come on. Now You even pushing this no draws agenda. Yes. Agenda. It's not an agenda. The name of Charlamagne. I was gonna be Charlamagne. Why are you gay? Why? Yes. Shout out my neighbors Uganda for that. Oh yeah. My neighbors. Those are my next door neighbors. Yeah. Now you did rap. I was gonna say you did rap radar the other day. Yes, I did. And you came with something different that I don't think any rap radar guest has ever done. Rap radar. Still Do Interviews. No. Like on the radar. Lots of rap. How about Say, oh on the radars, the game. I like What? Yes. You came with a chicken.


Yeah, I did. I came with a chicken. I would've come with a chicken here. But there's too many rules and you guys are really on the to floor. So I wasn't able to smuggle my mascot into the building. Oh, That's right. Yeah. A chicken is my cultural totem. Like the animal that represents my culture is a rooster. And it's because a rooster is a timekeeper. A rooster is a caregiver, a rooster is a, a security for your home. A rooster is many things, including a good meal. So that's why I walk around with, That's Why I walk around with, where did You get this chicken from? Where did you get the chicken from? Because I, I know you didn't. I didn't know the animal laws in New York. I had to drive all the way to Pennsylvania. Like to get a chicken? Yeah, to get a chicken. The queens, They wouldn't sell it to me in Queens.


Nobody would give me a live chicken in New York because it's against the law. Mm. So I had to go all the way to Pennsylvania, cross state lines to look for the chicken. But yeah, I think it's about the, the wording. 'cause you know, in America, I don't know, I'm y'all, I don't know if y'all say this. In Kenya, America, they say, so you have to say, I wanna bring my to the interview. To the interview. Yeah. I Bring me and my, yeah, me and my, I was stroking my leg The whole time. Did You, and if you say you're eating your, you really might get invited into Some party. I give a chicken. I, I, I give, I give, I give my to my driver and he took it to an animal, like home animal shelter. So he's alive. S alive. Okay. Yeah. It's my alive. Let's go. So this is a Freedom album, basically, you know, 'cause it's elusive.


Why are you topless? You Are So previously in my other life I was in a band. I was in a boy band. Okay. And the, the band was called South Soul. It was Saudi Soul. Soul. So means in Swahili, voices of the Sun. Okay. Yeah. So I was in a boy band and this is my second like lease of life. So now I'm a solo artist. I've been a solo artist for two years now and everything's looking up. I'm at The Breakfast Club Mama. I made it. Nice. Why does Saudi soul take such a long hiatus for music? Y'all, y'all last, the last thing ever Two. We were together. We were 20 years. Yeah. We were like new addition from Kenya. Yeah. All the boys to men we met in high school. Wow. So we've been together 20 years. 20 beautiful years. The best years of my life. What made you just wanna go solo now?


Just trying something new, you know, after doing something for a long time, I think it was time for us to try and see what the other side looks like. And it's been beautiful so far. I think we needed this break so that our next season will be just as glorious. Even better. And What is the other Saudi solos doing? I Would've, They're making music. They're doing interesting things. My brother Paul k just launched his guitar. Ja Wire, which is an amazing guitar. Ano is on tour. Savara is putting out music as well. So we are all busy and we are all working together. Like we are all writing for one another. We're all producing for one another. We are still friends. Oh, Great friends. Great friends. Amazing. Yeah. Why do you think East African music haven't seen a surge in, I guess, mainstream, the way artists from the, the Western South Africa?


Yeah. Well there's many aspects to it, including the fact that it's just never been funded. Any music that you hear in the West is marketing dollar spent to get that music there. Hmm. So for a long time, east Africa hasn't had that limelight. Also, our numbers in the diaspora don't come anywhere close in Nigeria. So the dominant culture in the diaspora is gonna be Nigeria. But the next logical sound to listen to after you've gone north, east, west, the northwest and south is east. And so here we are, you know, we're taking the stairs, but we're getting here anyway. You know, why is it I all I, I noticed with, with international artists, they always want to win in the us. Yeah. Why is that so important? Because when you win in the US the reward is too high.


Being the biggest artist in Kenya is nowhere close being the biggest artist in the us. When you win in the US you win in The World. So for a long time, this market has dominated The World like that. Also, you guys have the structures, you have the venues, the ticket masters and all these, you know, all of these infrastructure mix music, what it is in The World. Yeah. So you are thought leaders, your global leaders. Why not? Yeah. Do you remember when your, your, your love for music first hit you? Yes. I was like maybe five or six. I was watching Bob Molly song, iron Lion, Zion Da. And that's the first time I was like, whoa, what is this? Like I feel like doing this thing and I've been doing it since I'm 37 now guys.


I've been singing 31 years. Yeah. Wow. So six years old Since I was six. Yeah. And I joined the choir in church. And I always say the church is the best artist development program in The World. 'cause that's where all the great musicians, especially for black music come from. How was it in Kenya? 'cause you know, you know, you hear stories, people from Nigeria, their parents like, no, you're not gonna go into music, you're not gonna go into entertainment. You're gonna be a doctor. You know, like, like in Kenya, when you said you wanted to do music, How was it? My mom said as long as you finish school, as long as you finish college, you can do whatever you want. And music has been a kind master to me. Music paid me through college. Like I put in my first single with Ti Soul, my band when I was a freshman. And just like that, my life changed.


Wow. I had to finish school, but I started to be a journalist so I'll probably be working here. But I did communications. And did You know that moment where you knew you were gonna make it? Like, oh this is, this is what I was here to do. I told also my cousin when I was six that I'm going to be a superstar and she laughed it off. But I remind her to this day that this is written. Like I, I always knew that this is what I'm gonna do. Yeah. Even though sometimes life pushed me in directions where I wasn't in my direct journey. Like for example, like when I started communications, it wasn't me studying music. But it came back now to make sense. You know, like my auditory skills are different. I understand how to interview, how to, there's just things I learned in uni that are very vital for me right now.


Mm. You you and back then you was just like, oh I'm, I'm thinking I'm training to be on the other side of the microphone, but then you end up being an artist so you got it. I was actually just finishing school to clock out something in life. Say that I have a degree, but I wasn't very passionate about it. What'd you major in Communications journalism. Oh, Okay. You just said that. Yeah. You communicated that day. I communicated journalist not As effective. I just wanted to be clear. Today's Memorial day. So we're not here, but we do have some conversations that you haven't heard. You know, we all are fans of Afrobeats and you know, all of the sounds that are coming outta the continent right now. So I want to introduce you to somebody you may or you may not know. His name is Bn. Okay. BN is a artist from Kenya, a Afro pop musician.


And we're gonna talk to him because he's currently on tour here in the States and we're gonna talk to him right now. I saw something where they were saying you the, the Grammys was donating some money to Kenya. What was that about? That was political. So the Grammys are doing an Africa, Grammys, you know, like same way we have the Latin Grammys. So there's been talk about Africa doing a Grammys and Kenya had put in a bid to be the host for the Grammys. Big 0.8 million Was something like that. Like Yeah. And the bid, the whole, I think the news came out at a very bad time because at that time economically and even now we are not doing so well as a country. So at people in $8 million spent on the Grammys feels like an impulse spend for the people.


The face. Yeah. It's like come on Of money that the Grammys would bring in would be Yeah. Quadruple at though I'm sure You know a lot, not a lot of people have the insights of the music business to understand the value of the Grammys coming to Kenya like that, you know, but so the people were just up in arms because they felt like there's many more ways to spend the $3.5 million. Yeah. Why did you agree with it? 'cause I'm an artist And I understand what it's going to do for my constituency for my people. Like this is future, future, you know, investments for the artists who are coming. You know, they're going to thank us one day for hosting the Grammys in Kenya. So I think it's not a bad thing. Maybe the communication behind it should have been better. Maybe they should have been told about the financial, you should agree in communications.


Yes. I agree. I agree Jess. I agree. I agree. Maybe just the communication only should have been better. Yeah. Yeah. They should have said what N India said about the profit and what we stand to gain as a country. Yeah. And this and this and this. And many people would've been like, okay, we see it Emini Here. It would the visitation. Yeah. Hotels, restaurants, foods, tourism. Yeah. Emini here. It's just so much that you get out The development programs for the different facets of the music industry that, that the Grammy comes with as well. That's right. Yeah. You know the Grammy is like a good artist development program as well. Second to church. So yeah. It would be nice if they came through. Yeah. I'm still hoping they do. Yeah. Yeah. Does that put a lot of pressure on you knowing that Kenya is a country that isn't doing that well financially, but you may be doing Yeah. Better than most.


Yes. It puts pressure on me to make art that speaks to those people and tells their story to The World. Like I want people to see the pain and the struggle in my art. I want them to listen to the lyrics And I want them to, I want the lyrics to take them to places in Kenya that they've never been to. And I want the human experience to connect. So right now we are not going to a, a very easy time. Our government has no opposition. The opposition is the youth. And for the last year or so, there've been so many abductions. There's been so many, there's been freedom of expression but not freedom after expression. Mm. And I just think it's important for us to know that, or the, the leaders to know that I have more faith in the children who are coming than their leadership in terms of the power they used to oppress.


I don't have any fear to the current like regime. I have more faith in the kids And I think the kids are going to save us. Do You feel comfortable living there? I feel comfortable living in Kenya. Yeah. I would say to a large extent Kenya's a beautiful country. Yeah. There's many experiences you can get and if, and and we are generally very peaceful people. But the recent times have been very tough economically. But we are not a basket kiss. That's right. Yeah. We are proper people. Kenyans are fighters. Africans are fighters. And the people of Africa will keep the lights on. The people of Kenya keep the lights on. Absolutely. Yeah. What is one of your favorite songs from the album? Mache Machete. Yeah. It's a tribute to you Jess.


I wrote it to you. Yeah, She's married. Was It? Am I? It's okay. I'm also married but He's also African so he can have more than one wife. No he can't. That too. You can't, you're married Mexican Not to, you're Married to a Mexican Institutionally You can only have more than one baby that's Every African. I thought that was in certain villages. Why are y'all doing that? You know, some things just I found in this world and there's such complex issues that I can't really address right now in The Breakfast Club, but I'm not doing it. Okay. Yeah. Because cheeky deserves all of you and Only all of me. Only me her. Yeah. Okay. Yes. So you wouldn't want another wife Emini here? I'm just saying not, not, not. Let me rephrase that. Ain't trying to get you in trouble again. No, no, no, no, no. Lemme rephrase that. I know you are happily married. I'm just saying based off African tradition in a lot of countries.


Yeah. You are allowed to have another wife Constitution in Kenya. You're allowed, do I want another wife? No, I don't. Gotcha. Yeah, not now. No, no I don't. No, Because just because don't lemme get you in trouble just because that's, you know, culturally like y'all can do. That doesn't mean you always want that. Right. There are, yeah. I, so I come from a polygamous family. My dad has 10 kids from six different women. Legend. I am the last of 10. I am the last of 10. Gentlemen, you've been in trouble. I know you, but he's married. Was he married to him or just Informally? One would argue that, yeah. So formally he's been married to two. Okay. Yeah. My mother is the last of the 10 and I'm the yeah of the six.


And They all know about each other. They All know about each other. When he bought a spoon for our house, he bought a spoon for the other house he bought. You know like if you guys really understand how polygamy works, maybe it's not gonna be a very touchy subject. Yeah. I think just when you listen from the west and how people speak about it, it's just really given the vibe that it's unfair but it's everything. It has everything to do with society and how society was set up back then. It may not work now. I agree. But back then it had everything to do with community and looking out for one another. You know, in some cases a guy was polygamous 'cause maybe his first wife couldn't get kids you see. And she'd be like, let me bring a helper to see how we can do this.


Right. Also, the more kids you had, the more labor you had. Because we were farmers. We were, we were hu Hussman. And so the more children you had, the more people you had to make, create wealth with. So that was the structure then Can I ask one more random question? Yeah. What would, what would Africa look like if all the countries were unified? I ask myself that question all the time. I ask myself, what did Africa look like if we weren't colonized? Mm. Because you know, naturally we have never really been people who go out to conquer and convert. We've always been, and that's why it was very easy to colonize us 'cause we were easy to, you know, coerce and we didn't know the games that the other party was playing. So I think a United Africa is an Africa that's living to its full potential is peaceful.


There's some leaders right now in the continent who are showing what Africa could do. United, I don know if you guys have heard about tra from Burkina Faso. Burkina Faso. Yeah. Yeah. And he's been able to unite the countries on his region. They've been able to kick out France and Because he's taking care of people. Yeah. And he's taking care of people. Simple. And I see that to be the future of the continent. And when we unite, we will be unstoppable in all the beautiful ways. Be ladies And gentlemen, good to see you brother. Good tell to see you guys. Is there a website for the tour? I just Go to? Oh yes man. You can go on my Instagram. BNA me soul, B-I-E-N-A-I-M-E-S-O-L-B-N. Me Soul. You can go there. There's a link for the tickets. I'm sold out in pretty much every place. Hey. But you can follow the boy, you can check out the vibes and through my page you're gonna discover what East Africa's about.


I also wanna welcome all of you guys to Kenya. I'd love to thank you if you guys ever land in Kenya Envy. I know you come there often. So tell them I Often here I gotta get back though. Hey Kenya. Right. Tell them about it. Tell them beautiful Place Kenya. Right by Zanzibar, right? Tanzania. Yeah because I went there last year. Well the year before last time I went to Tanzania Zanzibar and they was like, you gotta go to Kenya. It's right there. Yeah, yeah. Nice. So I'm welcoming you guys to Kenya. Thank you. Absolutely love to see you guys there. Yes Sir. Appreciate you brother. Well it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for a positive note. What we got, it is really simple man. For everybody out there that's always on social media, you know, trying to curate the perfect image, putting a filter on everything.


I just wanna tell y'all, y'all be so worried about an image, you need to clean up your spirit. Okay? Some of y'all need to clean up your spirit. Go do some damn work on yourself. I'm not out here, you know, pushing for therapy just because y'all need to go out here and find a therapist. Y'all need to find a spiritual leader. Y'all need to just really clean up your spirit 'cause your spirit is disgusting and nasty. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club. Bitches do. I'm finish. So y'all done.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We are root and we do car insurance differently. We don't believe it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like occupation or education. Because we know who you are on paper has nothing to do with who you are behind the wheel. And that means savings. It's easy to get started. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to root route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today to see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for details.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


I didn't think my memory would be something I would have to worry about at my age, but then things changed. I started a new stressful job, moved across town and suddenly I was forgetting names, missing meetings, losing track of emails. It was quite embarrassing. Then I found better memory, a natural formula based on a five-year study At UCLA. I ordered a few bottles and was not expecting much at first, but soon I noticed the differences. I woke up with no brain fog And I can focus much longer during the day and recall my schedules without relying on my notes. I feel like my old self again. I was quite impressed. So I had my daughter try better memory as well. A few months later, she feels less anxiety, sleeps better and is more focused. She's embracing and enjoying life much more now. Better memory has changed our lives. It could change yours too. Give it a try. Visit be better now. Dot com and place your order today. That's better memory at be better now. Dot com.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.