
American Public University. With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, A PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, a PU is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. That's apu.apus.edu/military


Meetings. Deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose, and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. And currently we are on vacation, Man. Totally disconnected. Yes. We not even really here. You think you listening to us, but we not Well, We are not. We are here in spirit. Yeah. Yeah, We're on vacation. So we're playing The Best donkeys, the best interviews you guys, which is the best callers and some of the BEST MOMENTS The Breakfast Club has had in the last couple of months. So sit back, relax, enjoy, and have fun. Keep a locked. Greta's gonna be running the boards. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake.


Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hey, Nadine. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Where you calling from? First? I'm calling from Dallas, Texas. Okay. Dallas. What's up mama? I wrote a book, it's called How to Date A Fat Chick. A Fat Girl's Died Dating, And I was so grateful. You guys take it up and read It. How to Date A Fat Chick. Yes, A fat girl died. Dating. Is it a heavy read? Is it thick? Like how many pages is it? Ha Ha ha. You're so funny. No, I'm just asking like, how many pages is it? It's not that, it's not that that big.


It's like 116 pages, but it's one day read, but it's a great story. Okay. About my next wife. About your what? My dating life. Oh, you a big girl. A duh, Don't duh. She might not be big no more. This might be her past life she's writing about. So it was hard. It was hard for you to date. No, it's a satirical look at my dating life. It's the things that I went through and the lessons that I learned along the way. Okay. I'd love to read that. I had a, I had a home girl who wrote something like that before. It was called Dating While Fat. Oh Wow. Oh well, yeah, it's on Amazon. So it's, it's by Nadine Jones with just me. And again, how to date A Fat Is a Fat Girl. Fact dating.


Okay. What Category is it in? Food Home. Jesus. What is it? Like what category? Home. It's not how to Should be. How to, Right. I'm asking, I think I don know what categories is, but it's, it's such a, it's comedy, I think satirical. So you, you know, just type it in your finance. What's it called again? How to Date a Fact? Tick. So if a guy takes you out to eat, do you limit the food that you have? So you don't look big? You gotta read the, the book. You're right. I'm sorry. It came up as a cookbook. Know it didn't Shut up. I'm Lying. No. How to Date A Fat Chick Background Guide to Dating by Nadine Jones. Alright, I like the cover. I like the, I like that. It looks like a, what do you call that? A Cosmo. A Cosmo?


What do you call that book? A book. A notebook. But yeah, a kind, whatever that is. Yeah. I like, I like that Composition. Composition. There you go. There we go. Well you have a good one, NA Dean. Thank you. You too. Good luck. Hello. Who's this? What's going on man? My name is super trucker man. I'm out of east of North Carolina, man. I'm a truck driver. What's up? Super trucker. How you feeling this morning, man? I'm good man. I'm out here shifting gears, making that black smoke come out the pipe. Okay. All right. What you transporting? I do flatbeds. I'm hauling building materials right now. Okay. Alright. Well be safe on the road, brother. Yo man, I just want to know, man. Y'all got love for truckers man. You damn right. I got love for truckers.


You know, let me hear that. I know you do, Jesse. Hey look, I got a song called Trucker Love, man. So y'all get a chance. Check it out. It's on YouTube. You still got love for truckers, Jesse. You knew he was going. I blow that. Blow that home for us, brother. I got you. All right, man. Hear that. Be safe with them rules, brother. Thank you. Hello, who's this? Yo, what's up Mv? What's up brother? What's up Jess? How y'all doing? What's up baby? Good, good. What's going on? Get it off your chest. Yo. I'm mad at my brother James. What's your brother do? He's yo, he set me up, I'm sick last night And I feeling, well. I'm at home and he lied to his wife, telling her that he was hanging out with me all night and he wasn't.


Oh man, he ain't tell you that you was part of the lie? He didn't tell me because I was dead into The World and my, he, his wife called my wife. Oh. Asking her was she, was he with me? Oh man. What's your wife say? Yo? She blew his spot up like hell no. You wanna see the cameras? Damn. Damn. She blew him up and she, and he's calling me up to tell her about, yo, you supposed to help me out. I'm like, yo, you should have told me first. I hate when somebody make you a part of the lie, but don't tell you about the lie. Like damn Now. Now he mad 'cause he say that I'm the reason why his wife is, is putting him out now he wants to come and stay at my house.


Oh. Hell no you not the reasoning your wife ain't gonna let him stay. Your wife ain't gonna let no cheating ass stay at you at their house. I'm sending him over to you. Envy. Definitely Not sending him over to me. I got a couple of dogs that'll make sure he stay out. I hear that. Envy yo Envy when you throw another mix tape out, man, come on. Stop playing. You be rapping Daniel. You talking about a DJ mix tape, Jesse? No, I Okay. You be rapping you, you ain't gonna get that in a while bro. I, you know, I I it ain't gonna happen bro. Ah, come on. Envy. They ain't gonna happen. These artists, these artists a lot different man. But back then, I would say the artist really respected the DJ and really loved the DJ with the mixes where you ask an artist for something and they would be happy to do it.


Glad to do it. But now I ain't playing a politics game, bro. Yeah, Yeah, I know. What you and Red Cafe man? Yeah. Shout to Red. All right bro. Well you have a good one man. Peace all brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, four lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight hundred five five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Walt Baby Love from g Bridgeport, Connecticut.


What's up brother? What's going on with you? Hey listen, I just want to say God bless you Charlamagne and just hilarious man. For what you do on a daily basis, man. It's not easy and you don't get the, I want to give you your flowers while you are here, man. You guys help me every day man. You put me in the right direction. You keep me safe And I just want the positive vibe to come back to you guys on a daily basis. Man. I love y'all man. Appreciate. Hey, We love you. You too brother. Thank You. You welcome. Have A good one, brother. You too. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's Up y'all? This replay from Chicago. What up Chantel? What up please? Replay. What's happening? What up, what up, man, Look, I gotta give a shout out this morning to Lauren LaRosa.


Man. She been holding me down man. She been coming with good news, good facts. Me and her the same age man. And I just love seeing people my age just go hard and then baby girl, keep doing what you do. You know? That's what It is. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. No Doubt. No doubt, man. Follow Charlamagne was talking to you. What were you saying King? Go ahead. Finish King. Go ahead King. Oh yeah, man, look, like I said I'm replay. God wanna follow me? I'm on Instagram at Lady Love replay. Why they call you Replay bro? Man, that's actually the name they gave me. I'm a r and b singer and I don't know, one of the guys used to call yourself replay. I'm like alright, thanks. Because I want everybody to replay my song.


Okay. Alright Brother. Have a good one. No Doubt. Put a little more sauce on that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You gotta come up with something better. Why they call you replay? I don't know. You know what, Emini here, because I, when I put it down, you know ladies love it so much. They want to see it again. Something. You know what Emini here, like just something. Facts. Facts. Excuse. I'm with it. He said facts. Oh, facts, okay. I didn't know. I thought he was telling me something else. Facts. I thought he was telling me he wasn't in the women. I didn't know. I'm like, what? Excuse me. Hello? Who's this? This is Jake Meta. I said Go on, Jay Met. What's up? Get it off your chest. Jay Meta. Good morning. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm stressed, you know, I'm tired of people always asking you, you know, are you getting, no, when are you gonna get married? And I tell them in the minute, dog, you know, they're always telling you when they gonna get a new job.


And I tell them in the minute, dog, you know, everyone has their own pay and they want put you to a standard and do things. You know, how old are you? Put your own pay me. I just turned 30. That's why I didn't know men get that kind of pressure. I didn't know men get that, that that's not, that's usually pressure that's reserved to, for women. I'm talking about the marriage part. Nah. Yeah, They Job. Do you have kids yet? No. That's why I'm saying they gonna tell you when you gonna have a kid. And I How old are you in the minutes? Dog? You know, How old are you? Me, I'm, I'm getting close to that age. You know, 30 is, is, you know, is that, is that point You're 30 Emini Here. So why don't you, when they ask you, you know, when you gonna get married, just be like, I'm in the men dog. Just say something like that. You don't think so? Yeah, That's, that's why I tell 'em the minute dog's Right?


That's right. That's right. That's Right. But def definitely if you got older parents too. 'cause older parents want grandparents. I'm sure. So that's what they ask for you for Older parents want grandparents. I'm grandkids That most guys by a certain age. If you don't have kids, that'd be like, yes. Or you're not married. They think Something's wrong. Older parents want grandkids. That's what I meant. Well, you'll meet, you'll meet Mrs. Mr. Mr. Wright in, in the in due time. Mr. Or Mr. Mr. Or Mrs. I'm sorry, can you say that again? No, have a good day brother. Appreciate you. Have A great day. Yeah. Yes sir. Alright brother, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. His new book. Who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big is Out Now ladies, gentlemen, Will Packer, family, what's going on? What's up? How you, how You feeling? Blessed Black and h how you feeling? I'm feeling amazing. You know, I'm up here. I'm up here with one of the most incredible platforms in media right now. Interesting time in media. You know, media ebbs and flows. We are in an ebb right now in the movie business. Charlamagne really, I don't know if you know. Yeah, just, you know, coming off the strikes, coming off of Covid, like the movie industry. Never really recalibrated. So there's a lot of folks out there that are hurting right now. A lot of folks that aren't working. A lot of actors outta work writers. And so as a producer, you know, I'm just trying to keep people hired, trying to do what I do and create content.


Most people out there they don't realize because there's so much content out there and so many streaming services. It's like all, everything out there. I can see whatever I want. But actually the media companies are making a lot less. So it's an interesting time in the business. Man. Who Better Than You, is the name of the book. What made you decide to write this? Yo, you know, I have been in the movie game for almost 30 years now And I have dealt with some of the biggest names. Some of the most impressive successful people. Some of the most toxic, insecure people. And throughout that process, I have gained a set of skills that I wanna share with people about how you can be successful and manifest a more full life.


How you can use some of the skills that I've learned that are transferrable to any industry to navigate. Be it, you want to start a new endeavor. You wanna overcome a challenge, you wanna pivot in your life. And so I'm telling stories I've never told before. Stories from dealing with, you know, some of my Hollywood folks. But it's really lessons, right? It's lessons about, this is how you deal with people, how you position yourself to succeed and how you have healthy arrogance now to be confused with toxic arrogance, right? Toxic arrogance walks in a room and says, I'm better than everybody here. Mm. I'm gonna win. 'cause you're gonna lose, right? I'm better than you. Healthy arrogance walks in a room and says, okay, number one, I belong in this room.


Right? The most successful people feel that. They don't feel like, am I supposed to be here with all these important people? Healthy arrogance feels like I'm supposed to be here. However, I also have something to add to this room. This room is better because I'm in it and I'm gonna get other people to understand how they, And I have a commonality in terms of our goal. If you can get other people to see the value in what you're going after, then you can then get them to row in the same direction as you and work towards your own goal. That's what leadership is. Getting other people to realize that it's not me against you. If I can get you to understand that together we both benefit from working together and accomplishing things that are my goals as well as your goals, your chance for success is increased.


You know, when I read about you, you talk about healthy arrogance. I hear your interviews about healthy arrogance. It feels like you're saying you just got, it's like A sense of worthiness. Mm. It's value. It is. It is very much understanding the value to place on yourself, right? You understand charlamagne. 'cause you talk about mental health a lot. We all have this drumbeat in our head, right? It can be a negative drumbeat of I'm not ready, I'm not worthy, I don't have the skills, I'm not prepared. More and more you tell yourself that the louder those voices get. But there's a confidence muscle that you can build, that you can grow by telling yourself the exact opposite. That I am worth, right? That I am prepared. But it's really about assigning value. The thing I say to people is that understand from the time you are born until the time you leave this earth, you are building your brand.


Everything you do, right? That mean you can't make mistakes. Everybody does. But every decision you make and everything you do is building your brand. And it is telling people what value to assign to you. Hmm. Whether that's somebody that is looking to invest in you, looking to date, you looking to just hang out with you, you are telling them what your value is and you have to be healthily arrogant in the way that you force other people to recognize your value. Damn. Yeah. So if you don't have nobody, does that mean you're not worth nothing? Well, you know, I'm not gonna say that. Well, you mean like a relationship? Yeah. Well that just means that you have to be sure that you're surrounding yourself with people that understand your value, quality.


Value it. It might mean that you're worth more than people want to give you credit for. Talk about that. It might mean you're single because other people don't recognize your value and you're not willing to compromise for it. Mm. You had something to say, Charlemagne. What? What hit dog will holler. Won't they spin? I'm just asking the brother question. Why Is Charlamagne's next? Sass, you saw it coming this way though, didn't you? I did. You did. The sassiness of the neck that caught me off. God, the hair whipp. That's what, is that what it is? Are you whipping your hair back before? I was not with my At all. I love what's happening. I was just asking you a question 'cause I like what you're talking about. Thats All right. Well, yes, absolutely. So if, if some, you know, somebody happens to be an amazing, beautiful single sister, I don't know, you know, there's relationship status of everybody here, but let's Just say present company, then you keep Looking over there though.


Why? Well, because you can't look to Jess. Why? Look, Why look at her. Because she said you had a sassy neck. So she's, she's immediately the most entertaining person at this technical. I Wanna ask you about imposter syndrome. Yeah. And when you, when did that? Like when did you get past that? Or did you deal with that at all yourself? Absolutely. Deal with everybody deals with it. Everybody gets to a point where they feel like, yo, do I belong? Right? Do I deserve to be in the most important spaces? And I've been very, very fortunate to be in some incredible rooms with some people that are, you know, some of the most powerful people from around The World. As I said, what I realize is that when I walk in those rooms, I cannot question if I'm supposed to be there.


I need to realize what is it that I have that nobody else in this room has and how can I double down on that? Right? So black man, African American filmmaker in Hollywood, not a lot of folks at my level in the rooms that I'm in, oftentimes it's all white people in those rooms. What I choose to do, instead of saying, okay, I'm the only black person in this room. I know they racist, I know they looking at me a certain way. I know they have a negative perception. I'm walking in the room and I'm thinking, okay, you know what? I'm bringing something that nobody else can bring. When I talk about my perspective, when I talk about my, my audience, when I talk about my community, nobody else can debate me on that. So I'm the only one with that lived experience, whatever it is in the rooms and the circles that you're in, what's the unique thing that you have?


And then you triple down on that. That will help with that imposter syndrome. The other thing is that you have to understand, like you don't have to be somebody that's just born with like an overabundance of confidence. It's something that you can build, but you do have to build it by putting a success. With a success. With a success, right? Like just like a volume. JG said, check with a check with a check. You gotta build the successes. And sometimes to do that, you gotta come back and not say, okay, my first success has to be so big, right? Just accomplish something. I call it fabricating momentum. I believe that sometimes we get stuck on the first rung. The very first thing I'm trying to get started. I don't have any money. I don't know, people don't have a network. That's okay, right?


Don't make the first thing you're trying to do to, to, to climb the mountain, right? That's a lot. That's a momentous task. Make the first thing, buy the shoes, hiking boots, then buy a rope, then drive by the mountain and look at it. Well, you know, you've done three things, right? Get started. Do something that helps to build that confidence. We all need that. All right, we got more with Will Packer when we come back. His new book, who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big is out now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is here with us as well. We're still kicking it with Will Packer, His new book, Who Better Than You?


The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big is Out. Now Charlamagne, I wanna get to the audio pivot, but first I wanna ask you about the chapter that says Stay in your lane. Yeah, just Just make it wide. Yeah. You know, lean into your thing. Yes. How does one avoid being typecasted by leaning into their thing And when do you know the pivot? Yeah, You know it. The whole point of that chapter is about when you have something that you do really, really well. Because many times people are afraid of being locked into something that people will think, that's all I can do. Right? But if you do that thing and you do it really, really well, do not stop. Okay? Don't stop. The most successful people have a thing that they do and they do it well.


Then they use the ability to be successful in Elaine to go out and do something else. I'm only able to write this book with a major publisher because I've been very successful in a particular medium. Right? True. Now I'm able to go and do other things. So don't worry about that. Oh well I can do so much other stuff. What's the thing you do really well? Do that. Triple down on that. Be the best person in that particular field. And by the way, find your passion within that. Right? Too many times people are telling me, well, I'm not passionate about something. I gotta wait to find my passion. And before I go out and work really hard, and I'm telling you, you're building a brand from day one, work hard today. I didn't have a passion to be a filmmaker, I will admit that.


But I was, I did not. That was not my dream growing up. But I found that I was really good at knowing how to hire actors and raise money and self distribute. And then I found the passion in storytelling later. So I found the thing I was really, really good at and then I found my passion within it. I encourage people to do that. Don't worry about being typecast. Stay in your lane, but you can make it wide. I'm not trying to pigeonhole you And I'm not trying to limit what you can do, but stay in your lane. Too often we are trying to do too much. And now you can't be the person that's doing everything the best. That is just not how humans work. What's the thing you do? Well, triple down on that.


So once You've leaned into your thing and you find that thing, there's never a pivot from that thing. It can be a pivot where you use that thing, you use your ability, you use your brand, you use the fact that you have got credibility in a particular space. You have done the exact same thing. You use the fact that you have credibility in one lane in order to then expand your lane, right? But it should still all be about, this is the thing that I do. That's why I say stay in your lane, but make your lane wide. Is there ever a time where like you're 'cause Emini here, I'm look, I remember when you told the story about Kevin the last time you guys were here. Yeah. And now I'm seeing it in context of this book of like, who better than you? And I feel like in that moment he had the arrogance to be like, I can do both of these.


I'm gonna be fine and it's all gonna work out. But things like that can kind of get pretty tricky. 'cause what if it hadn't have worked out? Right? Is there ever a moment where you have to tell somebody who's coming to you for this type of who better than you advice? Like maybe this is not it for you right now. Maybe there's someone better than you right now, but that doesn't mean later you might not be able to have that. Who better than you, Eric? You Have to be honest with yourself, number one, right? We live in a world where people think either they are too great or they are too awful. Rudy Kipling has a poem called If. And my favorite stanza in that poem is, if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two imposters just the same, that is saying that both triumph and disaster are imposters.


Neither of them are real, right? Too many times because we post something on social media, everybody tell you, oh my God, you the greatest thing ever is so good. Or the opposite, they just hate on you telling you how awful you are. Neither of that is true. You gotta stay even keeled. So the first thing you gotta do is be honest about you and your skillset. It's the only way you're gonna get better. Don't worry about external factors. You gotta have a very honest conversation. One of the things I talk about in the book is how we have to make sure I'm a daily affirmation type of person. You are there encouraging yourself, right? Giving yourself positivity, telling yourself how you're ready, how you're prepared, what you can do, but also being very, very honest with yourself. I don't care what you tell The World, don't lie to yourself.


Lie to your mama. Lie to your cousin, lie to your boyfriend, girlfriend, husband, wife. Do not lie to yourself. Be very, very clear about what it is that you do. Well. Yeah. You know, I wanna talk to you about the Packer family motto too. If you want to have what others want, you have to do what others don't. Yeah. Yeah. I see you got your mom with you that come From her. I got moms, I got, you know what? It's something that mom instilled in me. You know, when I was growing up, mom and dad, they, they took me like, you know, like Simba and the Lion King and lifted me up and said, you know, whatever the son touches is your son. Like, I encourage my folks with kids do that. Tell your kids. 'cause that's when they're the most impressionable. Tell them they can do anything. They told me that. And so I was very audacious growing up with my family.


It's me, my wife, we have four children. So that's the six pack. If you wanna have what others don't, you have to be willing to do what others won't. Period. That is the mantra. The mantra is that understand whatever it is that you want to do. If anybody else can do it, then it's not special. You're not gonna get it right. You're not gonna get something that's unique. You gotta be willing to do what others are not to get that thing. And I believe that the more you do hard things, the better you become at hard things. Mm. The more hard things you do, the easier, hard things become. So don't run from doing hard things. Don't run from doing the things that everybody else says is crazy.


That's the only way you're gonna get strength. And to build that muscle is by doing those hard things. Why I say dream big? Because your dream has gotta be so big because there's gonna be challenges along the way. It's gotta be so big that it pushes you past those challenges inevitably. Because if the dream is just a mediocre dream, like man, it'd be kind of cool to do that. Then when you run into a speed bump that's really hard, you're gonna say, you know what? It ain't worth it. I'm cool. Right? But if the dream is so big, right? Emini here, so big four, color 4, 8, 4 K hd like super crazy. Beyond your wild is dreams big. Then when you do hit that hard moment, those challenges, you know, it's worth it to keep going and keep fighting because the dream is big enough.


Mm. Is Will Packer allowed to turn his own book into a movie? Yeah. Or limited series? Yeah. Yeah. Emini here it's I'm Will Packer. Okay. You know, did you think about doing that? I could do that. I saw Heather in the background instead. You know what Heather say in the background? I don't know, I just saw something. Oh, it was, oh, I was giving a lie. Like maybe, no, don't do it right now or something. I, you know what I, I'm, I'm, I made this book not to turn into a movie or a TV show. You never say never. 'cause you know, one of my biggest movies Think Like a Man, Steve Harvey will tell you he never thought of that as a movie. Never. He never wrote it for that. I wrote this to give the master mentorship that I didn't have. I have people coming to me a lot and saying, tell me about your success story. Tell me about your failures.


Tell me about what you had to overcome. And so when I tell these stories, right? And I talk about, you know, Beyonce turning me down five times, or Idris Alba, you know, almost not walking the carpet at the first Emmy's and how you get past that. Like when I tell these stories, I'm doing that so that other people can benefit from it. So I could turn it to a movie, but that's not what I made it for. I literally made this book so that I could influence other folks who are either on their way up thinking about making a pivot or living a life that they know could be a little more fulfilling. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Will Packer new book, who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big Outright.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


American Public University. With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, A PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, APU U is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at apu.apu.edu/military. That's apu.apus.edu/military.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your A tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you at your own private concert. Plus, with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate, even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Or show your support by posting the Blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Now, always a pleasure to see you go out there and buy this book. Make it a New York Times bestseller, man. Appreciate you Fam. Absolutely appreciate you man. Thank you. Thank y'all for having me Charlamagne. And thank you because you are somebody that you know. And I told you this, we, we saw each other at the Democrat National Convention And I told you I had written my first book And I was inspired by your books and by reading your books dope. And just seeing that process and the grind that you put in. So you never know who's watching and who you're inspiring. Thank you my brother. Thank you my brother. Thank you for having me. It's Will Packer. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on LaRosa is here and we got a special guest in the Building.


David Oyelowo was here. Did I, did I say it right? You did. You did. You did. Okay. I had to ask you beforehand because You know, you see, I appreciate that You did. Yeah, I see it all the time, but I'm like, I don't want to hack it when I try to say It. No. Everywhere. Everyone does. But yeah, you nailed it. How are you sir? I'm very good. Very good. It's great to be here. Absolutely. So You got government cheese happening right now? Yeah. On Apple tv. Yeah. So, and watching this, but also some of the other things that I've seen you play in, can you just first talk about your career and like the roles that you select, all of the roles that I know you for are very powerful, very like you, you, you tell stories that are like so important to black people coming out the gate. You are, is that something you were like, Hey, this has to be it for me, this is what I wanna do.


Or did you just fall into these roles because like how, how did it happen? No, thank you for saying that. It's very intentional. You know, I was incredibly influenced by film and television growing up. And I was aware quite early that the images I was taking in were in some ways informing me of what blackness means globally speaking. And then I had this incredible moment where having been born and, and grown up in the uk, we moved back to Nigeria for six years, from the age of six to 13. And I was suddenly in a country, in an environment where I was not a minority.


Everything on offer in that, in that society was mine for the taking. And I realized that these images that I was internalizing that often had black people on the periphery or playing what I deemed to be caricatures or stereotypes were insidious, were were detrimental to us as a people. And so having moved back to the, the UK becoming an actor, I felt that if I'm not part of the solution, I'm part of the problem. And so I've, I've definitely gravitated towards roles and projects that mean that I am trying to change what I saw growing up. I'm trying to widen the aperture and contextualize who and what we are as black people.


That's interesting. I wonder how did you know that, you know, they were caricatures and stereotypes if you've never, if you hadn't been to America to see for yourself yet? Because I, I was living in communities where black people were central to their own lives And I knew that what I was seeing, 'cause it wasn't just America, it was in the UK as well, you know, if, if every time you see a black person, they are on the periphery of the narrative. If so often they are criminalized or marginalized. That was not my experience walking through the earth. And so I was, I felt that's intentional, that's political, that's propaganda in a sense. And it's having a, a detrimental effect on me because there is a disconnect between my lived experience and what I'm internalizing on screen.


So that's how I knew it was something to become better. You know, it's so interesting, right? 'cause I, I have that conversation often. 'cause you know, when you watch film and television in the nineties, if everything had some type of socially redeeming value Right. You know what Emini here And I always wonder what the hell happened to that. Right. It felt like it was intentional Yeah. For them to stop showing us that and start giving us like the reality television. Yeah. Well I can tell you exactly what happened so often why you go, you had those films that were bringing context to who we are as black people is because it was largely being framed and made by black people. What has happened a lot is that our stories, we craft them, we develop them at, but at some point you've gotta take it to people who have green light power who are not from our demographic.


And so therefore you're having to push who we are through their perception of who we are. And it almost always gets eroded, watered down or marginalized. And and that's what's happening for some reason in the nineties that there were, there were producers, there were creatives, there were directors who were just doing it all themselves and it was getting celebrated and it was less watered down. And that and that, that's why I think we had that golden era. Is it ever heavy for you? 'cause like, I remember watching you in the story about Dr. Martin Luther King. Mm. And Selma. Yeah. Selma And I like, I know there's a lot 'cause you also have done theater. Yeah. You're very serious about what you do. So I know that there's a lot of study and like deep study and things of that nature. So you're probably doing that for every single role.


And there's a lot of like, just trauma that you take on differently because you get so close to your characters. How does that stick with you? Like in that pressure from outside world too of like, these are characters and people that you know, have shaped our world. Yeah. Emini here, I try to stay away from the trauma component. What I mostly gravitate towards are aspirational representations of us. So in playing Dr. King, the gift for me was to see a leader. To see someone who was an icon, but who was a human being as well. And I'm interested in stories where we get to be triumphant, where we get to be someone you would aspire to be no matter what demographic of person you are.


More often than not, when you see black people in a historical context, we are browbeat, we are broken down. And often we don't, we're not allowed to ascend, you won't catch me in that narrative. For me personally, we have got to, for me be on an upward trajectory in whatever we do. So it's less traumatic, it's more celebratory of who we are without shying away from the challenges we face. Yeah. They never want to show you the slave revolting. Right, right. Exactly. Ex. Exactly. And, and for me, you know, that's why I resist slave narratives because it's very hard to find the triumphant in that.


The closest I came to that was playing Bass Reeves in that this show Low Men, bass Reeves, he starts enslaved. But the great thing about being a producer is that you can ensure or be a, a, a voice in where the, the narrative goes. I would not have taken that on if he didn't go from enslavement to empowerment. Staying in enslavement is not something that I want to project to our people because there are people who enjoy that narrative as a means of keeping us down. You said something interesting you said in being a producer you get to kind of like, you know, help to figure out where the character development goes and stuff like that. Yeah. What part of your career did that become an option for you? Because not all actors have the ability to be on a set and say, Hey, I think that we should change this or empower differently because of how my people will see this.


When did that happen first in your career? It happened by accident. It was on Selma. I, I got the script just as an actor in 2007. Felt a real calling to play that role, but I auditioned for it and the first director said, David Oyelowo is not Dr. King. That was literally the feedback. And it took another seven years before the, the film came to fruition. But what I could never had anticipated was that I would go from being an actor who was rejected initially to three directors later because they just kept on not wanting to make that movie. Because black doesn't travel, the audience is not gonna gravitate towards it.


Whatever the excuses are that they, they still Say That. Well they did that even at the Tyler Perry. Oh yeah. Abs Emini here. Yeah. You, you think this is a film about Dr. King Tyler Perry. Because They said that they told Tyler Perry black people wouldn't lead a theater to go to the movies. They don't travel Beyonce. I think you Meant global, you meant like globally, right at the global box office. Right. Globally, but here as well that the narrative was black people don't wanna see black struggle, white people don't want to feel white guilt and things like that. But, you know, it wasn't until 2010 Lee Daniels actually came along and was the one who actually cast me in it. Mm. Still couldn't get the film made. In the meantime, I did a small film with Ava DuVernay called Middle of Nowhere, small $200,000 movie. And I felt she's a genius.


Lee had moved on from the project 'cause they wouldn't give him enough money to make it. And I, I went in and fought very hard for Ava to be the one to direct it. She rewrote the script. It was brilliant rewrite of the script, still couldn't get it made. I'd done the Butler with Oprah at that time. I invited Oprah on to be a producer on to on the, the film. 12 Years A Slave came out and had done well, which had broken down this notion of our stories not traveling. And so the aggregation of all of those things is what went on to mean. Selma got made. What I didn't realize I was doing by bringing on Ava, bringing on Oprah, fighting daily to try and get the thing made was producing.


And so I thought, oh, okay, well I can do that again for, for the things that I believe in and I'm passionate about. And so, you know, that was 10, 11 years ago now And I haven't stopped since. Hi. We have more with David Oyelowo when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is here as well. We're still kicking it with David o yellow. Well, Lauren, I wanna talk about government cheese. So the name itself of the series. Let's talk about that first. Yeah. Because you, it's referring to the gov the the government cheese program. Yeah. Which is a kind of like a overarching conversation that you guys have throughout the series. Yeah. Without really having it all the way. Yeah. So talk about the, you know, just the, the choice, the title with that.


Yeah. And you know, what you hope, the hope is that people get just from looking at the title before they even see it. Yeah. Emini here, government cheese for us was symbolic of what we tend to do as black people, you know, necessity being the mother of invention. We will take nothing and make it into something. And government cheese, as people may know, is government subsidized food. There was powdered eggs, there was powdered milk as well. And with with government cheese in particular, you talk to people, even now they have this, you know, they go into this place in their heads when they think about those grilled cheese sandwiches or the mac and cheese. And they, they talk about it incredibly fondly because it was, you know, a not particularly nutritious food that people made into a delicacy.


And what you have with the chamber's family is that they are, are this black family in the valley in the sixties making something out of nothing. This guy starts the show. Incarcerated has this epiphany about making a self sharpening drill. It's going to be the means by which his family comes out of the challenging situations they're in. So it's aspirational. You have the character that Simone Missick plays. She's a receptionist, but she wants to be an interior designer. You have a, a son who's aspiring to be a pole vaulter. You have this other son of ours who, you know, is completely obsessed with Native American culture. Everyone is looking beyond where they are from an aspirational point of view.


And in many ways, government cheese is sort of symbolic about What's the equivalent of government cheese in the uk. I don't, I don't, as a British man, did you understand what that was? Yes. Emini here, we, we don't have exactly the, the the same thing. But I remember, you know, you got bottles of milk that everyone got, you know, that would get dropped at your house every, every morning. And that was something that was a a across the nation. Super rich people were not getting that necessarily. But it was, you know, lower income families. So that's the closest that we got in, in terms of that situation. But the thing I know from living in the uk, living in Nigeria and Africa living here, is that wherever you go, the resilience of black people in terms of, you know, making something out of nothing is just something that feels pretty universal.


You, you've had other roles that have highlighted black life in the sixties. What about government cheese felt different from those other projects? This the amount of joy on display. Okay. And, and just the, the relatability, I think, you know, our experience is very specific, especially in the sixties as it pertains to civil rights and black struggle. But, you know, with this family, they are dealing not only with economic challenges, but marital challenges and raising kids and, you know, just, just trying to make ends meet. And I think all of those things are, are what make it fresh and familiar at the same time. You know, you've seen black people in the sixties, but never quite like this, never quite in this place and never this family.


You know, they're, they're, they're kind of out there. But, you know, I have four kids myself. And you know, it's weird. It's not until you go to a, a restaurant and you see people looking, you funny. You realize how how weird and quirky your own family is. 'cause you're just being super loud and people are keying into your conversation. So I think we're probably all, all a bit more quirky and weird than we care to admit. Well this, this series is definitely a lot more like light and fun and, you know, even though it takes on like some serious undertones. But I was reading this article that you did with a Men's health magazine. Yeah. And you were talking about going out into Wyoming on a ranch with your kids. Oh yeah. When I saw the article, I was like, this is like a random interview for him to have right now. And then I was reading And I was like, I get it because you, you put yourself in the light of like a person who has had to learn again to just like relax and just be fun and just be a person because you know, you're studying, you're acting, you're working, then there's clauses where you can't go out and do stuff like that, which makes a lot of sense.


Yeah. But those moments with your, your kids where you're just, they're seeing you as like a human or as like, dad is fun, dad can do these things. Yeah. How does that reignite you when you get back on these sets, you know, and you take on these characters like the one in government cheese. I'm so glad you brought that up because you know, everything I'm saying is hard work. You know, when I make a show probably in the past to an unhealthy degree, I feel like it's a political act. I feel like it's not just about me going to work and taking on a story. I'm bringing my people with me. And you could argue that there are elements of that that are unhealthy. And so to, to smell the rose Rosies while you're on the journey to continue to intentionally enjoy your family, enjoy your marriage, enjoy your home, has been something that I've tried to afford myself more and more as I've got deeper into my career, especially as there are now more wins on the board.


You know, there, there are really significant things that I've done that are absolutely in line with what I set out to do. Right. And the temptation is to just be like, okay, what's next? What's next? What's next? And you know, I have four kids, three, three boys and a girl. I have a, a wife who I deeply love. And, you know, that is just as important. And a life well lived is is not really about what you did. It's how you made people feel. And, and the thing he says that, well, there you go. And you're right. And, and, And I want the people closest to me to feel like I was present, to feel like I, I, I didn't Just say I loved them, but my actions demonstrated that as well.


And I think that's time, that's just con constantly demonstrating to the people you love, that you value being in their presence. And so that is, that's, I'm, I'm, I'm working on it. I'm not gonna tell you that I, you know, I'm, I'm all the way there, but that's definitely an intention I'm trying to bring more into my life. Is that what you meant when you said in the article that you came back a different dad? Yeah, I came back a different, wow. You guys really do your research. You really read that article I would say is this PR team Right? Or whoever, whoever was that pitched that, that was so smart because in looking you up everything else. Okay, go on. I didn't even know she pitched that. Yeah, Well you don't just end up in Men's Health magazine. Oh, I thought you meant pitched it to us. Oh, no, no.


Gotcha, gotcha, Gotcha. Gave me that's story. I would've ran it up too. Right, right. No, when I saw that, I was like, it was so genius because I think your reputation as an actor is so, like, it's, it's very like stern and, you know, silent and serious. Right. And then I see this article about you doing all this stuff in Wyoming with your kids. I'm like, wait, hold on. What? He'd be having fun. So it made me go read it. But that's what I, I guess, yeah. Yeah. When you said you came back a different dad, I guess you just realized like, I I can't just be so much into my work. I still gotta be Pops. But, but also I, you know, I, I was a really rambunctious kid. I would throw myself all over the place. I was one of three boys and then I had my own kids And I got super, like wrapping them in cotton wool, like, oh, careful, careful.


Don't do that. Oh, da da. You know. And then we went on this trip where we're horse riding and the a TV and we're, you're shooting arrows and bike riding. And I just really just let myself go probably a bit too much 'cause I went flying over the handlebars of the a TV at one point. But, you know, I I, I, I, I do that when I'm playing a role. Yeah. Because it's like, throw yourself into the role, do whatever the role requires. But for my kids to see me having fun in that way was an eyeopener for them. And I came back differently because I was like, you know what? I am almost playing a role for my kids in order for them to be safe. Mm. But they also need to see dad letting loose and having fun because then they'll hopefully take the right kind of risks, not just, you know, careless risks.


And I, it, it was a shift in the dynamic and it was something I actually didn't want to go on, particularly my wife won it in a raffle this trip to this dude ranch and then sent us all out. And it, you know, I'm so grateful that we did it and we've done so many more things like that since then. 'cause it was a hugely beneficial for our family. We have more with David Oyelowo when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJNV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club, Lord La Roses here as well. We're still kicking it with David Oyelowo. Charlemagne, did You have any reservations about playing MLK? Because you are a British actor and you know, there's always that thing of why are all of the British actors playing the roles of American icons?


No, because of the way it came in. You know, when I read the script in 2007, I had never been thinking of myself as Dr. King, you know, but I'm a Christian. I was in a time of praying and fasting And I felt, God, tell me you are gonna play this role. And then the way it came about eventually, which is that, you know, I can safely say pretty much no one worked as hard to get that film made as I did. And I would probably say no one else was quite as influential in getting that film made between bringing on Ava, between bringing on Oprah, between all the, the work done behind the scenes to try and get the film made. So for me, I just found it unacceptable that the only American who had a holiday named after him in the 20th century, who happens to be be a black man, had not had a film made about him yet.


I wasn't feeling like I have to be the one to make it, but this was already 50 years after his assassination. Why do we not have the movie? And I'm a big believer in, if not me, then who? Mm. And, and so I was never really thinking, I'm British, it should be someone else. And the reality is that when Lee Daniels was casting for it, he met everyone. Like I, I met, I saw the list of some of the people he met. I was like, oh my lord, I cannot believe I'm going up against my heroes to even dare think I'm gonna be the one to play this. But I eventually got the role. And so for me it's a question of, okay, now I've been given the opportunity.


It's less about whether or not I should play it. It's more about how well I do it. And that is gonna be, at the end of the day, the thing that I want people to judge. And so I never really thought about it in that way because at the end of the day, I have no interest in playing myself on screen. I'm always gonna be gravitating towards the most extreme challenge in terms of playing someone who's not necessarily Me. Do you ever, do you have your production company's Euroa Saxon? Yeah. Did I say that? Rights Yuba Saxon. So I know that you and your wife co-run that production company and I'm sure a lot of the stories that you guys tell are very close to the heart as far as like black stories. Yeah. Just by your passion here, do you get backlash at all because you're not married to a black woman doing that? And how do you deal with that? If so, Not to my face Clock it.


Alright. I'm sure there are plenty of People who feel some kind of way about that, but we called it Yoruba Saxon because, you know, I'm from the Yoruba tribe in, in Nigeria, she's Anglo-Saxon. And so, you know, our company is a demonstration of the fact that we are more alike than we are different as human beings, generally speaking, you know, in making government cheese. Yes, it's a black family, but my hope and my bet is that everyone is gonna see their family in that family because of the relatable themes and components that we've woven into it. And so, you know, I'm, I'm incredibly proud of my family. I fell in love with my wife when, gosh, we met when we were teenagers, when we got married when she was 20, I was 22.


And everything we have, we built together. So, you know, for me, sometimes the accusation, you know, in marrying a a a white woman is, you know, they'd say things like, there's self-loathing in there, or what's the other one? Or that she's a trophy or something like that. We were so poor when we, when We started out there Couldn't be less, less trophy or, or, or if it, if it tried. But, you know, I am an incredibly proud black man, African Christian husband, father. There are so many things that I am on top of my demographic and who I'm married to. And those are all reflected in the, in the work that I and we do.


You and your wife should be thinking about producing a biopic on a, a great man named Dr. Omar Johnson. Oh, he's an activist here in America Scholar. Oh wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I should think about that. No, no, no. Just look into, look into not look into it. Listen, look Into it. Oh, really? Look here, Don't Listen. I'm gonna keep looking at, He's, He's about to get me in trouble. Your wife and you don't, Was I, was I about to become a meme just then? Is that what was about To happen? Me a me There's a whole chant. No, trust me. They'll love you for that. Was there ever a role that you would pitch that you morally said to yourself, I can't do this. Well, what tends to happen the minute you play a civil rights leader, you get every civil rights leader who's ever lived, which, so I definitely, I definitely said no to those.


The minute you play a groundbreaking character, there's a whole genre called the First Black Man who, you know, I get a lot of first black man who, which I'm not interested in. What's the craziest thing when you would say y'all, I didn't even know a black man did that. I, I wanna say like, there have been like windscreen wipers, the guy who invented the paperclip, the guy who like, like, like it's, it's, it's ridiculous. It gets as ridiculous as that. And people will come to you like full of passion. The other one you wanna really avoid is when someone goes, man, I got this script and it's about my dad. And he, he the first person who I got a car wash in Alabama, Emini here and all that kind of stuff. And I just like, I I, I don dunno how to, to, to tell you that that is not a movie.


I, I'm just, I'm just so sorry, but that's not gonna be my next, but I got your next project. And I'm like, no, your accent go in and out. It's crazy. Like it's, because it happens a lot, a lot to me. So, so yeah, those are the ones to avoid as well. Absolutely. Oh, you mentioned so casually, multiple times Oprah. Oh, right. Like, just, just very casually. I, I read another story about when you invited her to the Othello opening night. Oh yeah. And she had to sit on them hard benches and she never let you lay that down. She just never stopped talking about how Oh, child, those benches. But she came to Corus, which I just did in London and they had cushion seats. Yes. So, you know, we are beyond the, the, the bad benches now.


But yeah. And, and they were very tough benches to watch. Three hours of Shakespeare. So, so she Fair, fair point. But I'm glad that we've broken the deadlock. She showed up a lot for you though, it sounds like, just in what I'm hearing you say, like what, what's that relationship been like? 'cause you know, Oprah ain't coming out the house for everybody. She she is not. She's not. Yeah. You know, we met during the Butler together And I remember being stood at a party at Lee Daniel's house that he was renting in New Orleans when we were shooting that, that film. And I, it was at a time when I just felt, I felt very isolated. I felt very alone. I'd moved here with my family, if I'm totally honest. I felt like there were other actors who saw me as a threat in a way that confused me because I was like, I'm just, you know, I'd come out of theater in the uk It's an environment where it's all about, you know, about the work and working together.


And there were people who were like, you know, that coming here to take our jobs thing was a real thing I was feeling. And I just remember st still being stood at in a corner at this party and Oprah came up to me and said, you okay? I said, you know what, you know, I'm really glad to have gotten this movie, but I just, I don dunno if you've ever felt this, just like your own community is, is resisting you, which is what I'm feeling. I don Oh, Oprah done got that baby. Of course, especially about black men. They be on her. Well, she's the first Whatever, Whatever you said earlier, the first ever. Yes, I know. And, and so exactly your reaction there is was her reaction. She was like, baby. And she talked about how Sidney Poitier was the one who took her under his wing and said, no, you're not crazy.


This is a real thing. Wow. It's something that is unfortunately part of ascending in our community. And he mentored her and she literally said to me, I am going to do for you what he did for me. Wow. And she has never abated on that. You know, Selma doesn't happen without her. My di


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years, the folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Balancing work, family and education isn't easy with American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that pitch their lives and affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsors. Stand up to all the hate. Now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag. Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok


Pictorial debut doesn't acting happen without her? So much of the advice, so much of the financial literacy I have came from her because I didn't come from means my parents were not particularly good business people even though they had a business. Right? And so, yeah, she has really, really made good on that promise and it's been absolutely life changing for Me. Oh, I know them. People definitely hate you now. Oh no, I know. I'm here getting all the roles. You get caught Oprah and she just pop outside. It's like you ain't getting invited nowhere. I know, I know, I know. I made a road for my back Pause David, thank you for joining us, brother. Thank you. Great Government cheese is on Apple TV right now and it was just a pleasure talking to you man. Yeah, you too. Yeah, don't be a stranger. It's David a yellow wolf.


Yes It The Breakfast Club. Good morning. They Gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve to. You need To know. Well you need to tell them I am. Did you have the voice? Tell them. Tell Tell man. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne Charlamagne who you keep a ducky today to now. Well, sexy Red Donkey today goes to Ashley Cross. Ashley is a 37-year-old African American woman from Memphis, Tennessee. Okay SLU to everyone who listens to us on K 97 in Memphis. Now I'm sure that you all are aware by now that a lot of companies have rolled back their diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives.


One of those companies is Walmart. Now if you read my first book Black Privilege and you know the Joy Walmart bought me as a child because when you grow up in the country like I did, salute amongst corner South Carolina, drop on a cruise bumps from most corner South Carolina. When you grow up in the country or rural area, the 24 hour Walmart is everything. Okay? That's where we would go late at night because there was nothing else to do. Yes, the good old days walking the holy grounds of Walmart. This was way back in the day when the only thing they were rolling back is prices. But a lot of people have called for a boycott of these companies in particular Target. But Ashley Cross has decided that she is staging a one woman boycott of Walmart. Yes. In fact, Ashley is not gonna be shopping at Walmart and Period.


No Walmart in the country, none of 'em ever again. Okay. Do you have that kind of commitment to your boycott? Can you vow to never shopping an establishment ever again? Or a Scott Paper towel being 10 68 for 12 rows too great a deal to pass up? Well if it is, then you can always do what Ashley did because it's guaranteed Ashley will never step foot in any Walmart ever again. And I lied. It's not because she's boycotting Walmart, it's actually because Walmart is boycotting her. What do you mean Uncle Sharla? Walmart is boycotting her. Well let's go to news channel three for the report please. Ashley Cross charged with criminal trespass and theft of merchandise is according to the police report, a well-known shoplifter at this Walmart on Elvis Presley Boulevard in Whitehaven, so well known to Walmart.


That cross is on an authorization of agency list, meaning she's banned from any Walmart location in the United States. The Elvis Presley Boulevard store is where Cross and another suspect were arrested. February 10th Cross was proceed using a device to scan her items for $1 at a self-checkout machine. Ashley Cross remains in jail on a $7,500 bond. She is due back in court February 19th, the suspect with cross received a misdemeanor citation with theft of property. Oh, she went to court. I wonder what happened. Listen, I used to shoplift up until 2016. Okay? That's when I stopped shoplifting, but I didn't, you know, feel like I was stealing because I didn't.


Nine years ago? Yeah, about nine years ago. You had a little money nine years ago. Are you still stealing? I don't know, but I didn't feel like it was stealing because I didn't try to hide anything. I would walk in and, you know, take what I want and just walk out. You only get caught when you look suspicious. Mm. You know, plus I never really stole anything but magazines. You know, when I was young, like black and mild, 12 packs of Bud Light, random stuff like that. But Ashley is clearly a kleptomaniac and she's good because she was using a barcode from an old watch battery to scan all her items for just $1 to self-check out. I stand a creative thief. Okay, y'all still stealing like Flintstones Ashley out here, like a jet with it. Or maybe this is the normal way to shoplift. Now I don't steal anymore, so I wouldn't know.


But Ashley stole 11 packs of ramen noodles, women's boots, a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. All totaling $137 and 34 cents. Now this woman was clearly stealing essentials. Okay? These are reasonable things to steal. Ramen noodles, boots, clothes. I understand in America, I'm gonna tell you something you don't want to hear. There's going to be a lot more of this. Why? Because during America's inflation crisis, Walmart was the spot. Okay? You can get good deals, all types of essentials. But on yesterday, Walmart said things are about to get slow because consumers are growing increasingly frustrated with inflation and they're concerned about President Trump's tar. Basically folks been broke and if people keep losing their jobs, they will be broker.


And if you are the reason, okay, people are losing their jobs like Elon Musk and Donald Trump are in regards to federal workers and you putting tariffs on items, not only do I not have a job, things are gonna be even more expensive. So what am I gonna resort to doing? I tell you what people will resort to doing, trying to survive and trying to survive can look like a number of things. And sometimes one of those things is shoplifting. I'm not making excuses for Ashley, I'm just telling America what the, what the inevitable is when you don't take care of the least of us. Nevertheless, Ashley Cross is on Walmart's authorization of agency list, which prohibits her from entering any Walmart store across the country. I didn't know such a list existed, but Ashley is on it and she is currently, well I don't even know if currently, but she was being held on a $7,500 bond probably still in there.


She probably still in there because if you ain't had $134 to get these items from Walmart, you damn sure ain't got the $7,500 bond. All the 10% of $750 to get out. But some donkey of today just sell themselves. Please give Ashley Cross the sweet times of the Hamiltons. You are the donkey of the Alright. You know, it's just, you feel bad for no, you don't feel bad for her.


She's a repeat offender. She coulda got a job Or maybe the first offense put something on her record and she couldn't get the job. That Is true too. But she stole from there a lot. Why wouldn't you switch it Up? All right, this gonna sound bad. But no, you ever, you ever being self checkout and be feeling like I'm this, I shouldn't have to pay for this stuff. Like some of this stuff is owe to me. Like maybe she felt like that. No, I Don't, I don't feel I don felt like that. And that's what happens when you still wig glue. When you still wig glue. You know what I'm saying? You Huh? What? What Happened?


You snoring? Yeah. You so lucky you were stealing when your face was two different colors because they, they wouldn't have recognized you from me time. That is true. That is very true. If you, if if I'm on camera in 2016, that's not me. That's not true. Okay. That is not me all. It's not the same person. The Breakfast Club. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask About me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up Dr. Jess. And I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this Morning Everybody. It's DJ envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


It's time for Jess. Fix My Mess. Hello. Who's this? Anonymous? Okay, Anonymous. What's your question for Jess? I, long story short, I cheated on my fiance And I found a GPS tracker in my car recently And I don't know what to do. Stop cheating. That's what you gotta stop doing because that's why you How long you been cheating? He's obviously been on to you for a while. How long? Yeah, he's found out. I told him I, I came clean, but we're trying to work on things. Trying to work on things. So you recently found the tracker after admitting that you were a cheater. Yes. Correct. Okay. So that tells me that he does not believe you, you know, he still does not trust that you are done cheating.


Are you done with cheating? No. Right. Damn man. And you are questioning why you have a goddamn GPS tracker in your car and you're not done cheating. So why did you come? I don't know what to do with the relationship. Oh, You want know? Oh, okay baby. You gotta get up outta there if you want to live your life and you, you know, you, you still feel like you got some, some other things that you're, you know, you don't wanna cheat on the, the person. Do you? You know what Emini here, I I don't. No, just Leave them because you're obviously, you're not happy. You're cheating for a reason and he's not happy. But I either, I still love him though. I Do. And that's how it works. You, you always love the person that you cheat on. You know what?


Emini here, you love them, but it's something that he's lacking that you can't get there. Right. Gotcha. Something that he's, that he's not doing that you really, really wish that he would do. And although you don't wanna leave him, you still find, you know, you're still looking for something else and you're finding it out in the streets and that's still not, are you married or this is your boyfriend. We're engaged and we bought a house together eight years ago. So Y'all ain't making it down that aisle. Girl. I know you love him, but damn you ain't even married and you doing and you cheating. I think you should just Right. I think you should just revoke that whole engagement. Go and live your life. How old are you? You Just the ring already? How old are you? I'm 46.


You 46? Yeah. Too old. We playing around still. Okay. Okay. She need to be Neo's fifth girlfriend. That's what it sound like. She need, she, you, you, you into the poll situation. I think that's what you need. You need somebody who's gonna be comfortable with you doing these things. I know he already bought the ring. I understand. But would this be better that he found out after you married him or right now I think it makes more sense that he found out now. And I think that you just need to look in the mirror. Just be honest with yourself. Marriage is not for you, especially not a committed marriage. It is not for you right now. I'm not saying forever, but that ain't something that's, that's for you right now.


'cause you know you gotta give him the choice. You know what Emini here right now, you, you're not really giving him a choice. You know, you, you wanna lead him on and he marry you and you know you're still gonna cheat. I love your honesty. You like, no, I ain't finna cheating yet. But you can't walk down the aisle. You know, I love it. I I talk for a reason. Like I'm not trying to Emini here. Excuse me. Okay. Yeah. I I want real advice. Yeah. So just like I have to tell my therapist everything. Yeah. He can't help me if I lie or if I withhold. Yeah. And and that's, that sets you apart from everybody else. People be calling up here lying to me, leaving out parts of the story. I applaud your honesty. But you, you cannot get married and you have to tell him that you're not ready for marriage.


But I'm the one that wants to get married and he doesn't Emini here. He, he is the one that's holding back Emini here. Obviously he gave me a ring which indicates he would wanna marry me, but he could also just be leading me on leading You on. We've been together 10 years. Yep. You, you can't get married. The the advice is still the same. I know you wanna get married but you are not ready. I'm telling you this ain't about him no more. It's about you. You are not ready to get married. You're not. 'cause you're not finished playing the field. You know what Emini here. Right. And that's totally fine. But you gotta do that single, you know, you, you, he already got trust issues. You found a GPS tracker that is scary. It's scary as hell. But what's also, yeah, but what's also scary is being engaged to somebody that keeps cheating.


It, it, it's, it's crazy and it's, it's scary knowing that I have to track my woman because I'm afraid that she ain't gonna never stop cheating. I know she's doing something and we ain't even make it down the aisle yet. So yes, while marriage is something that you want, that's the law further down the line for you boo. Thank you. You welcome babe. I'm sorry. Good luck mama. Just fix my mess. See what I'm saying? And you wanted am Rose to stop the slut walk. Okay. I didn't want her to stop. She wanted to stop Because of her. These ladies need something to do. I Jesus. I didn't want her to stop. I just Felt like it was complete contradictory. Why she stopped 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess, Fix My Mess. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of Jess. Fix My Mess. We have she on a lot right? Sherry? Oh Sherry, I'm sorry. Take us off Bluetooth for speaker. Sherry. Sherry, Sherry, Sherry. I did yelling with that lady man. She yelling at me. Damn. Sherry, what's your question for today? I said Sherry, What that Brooklyn look envy. I'm a fan star's. What's good? Good morning. I Morning club breakfast. What bitch The clock. You sound drunk. Definitely Shout The clock. It's five o'clock somewhere. Y'all all right Jazz. So I want you to fix my mess. What's up baby? What you got?


All right, I got this X right now. We was together for like two years and then we were still together physically for two years after we had broke up. But in those two years we broke up. He was with another person living with her, engaged to her. I don't care about that. I trained that meat myself. You feel me? So it was kind of hard for me to leave that alone regardless. So whatever we broke up for, you know, trying to train somebody else from scratch is kind of hard. But I attempted and when I attempted they was just terrible back to back. And I'm like, I'm not kissing all these frogs till I get a prince. You feel me? Like some of them is just toads And I, so I just wanna know what I should do girl. Because you know that that meat is forever mine.


Or should I let this girl have her fiance like I think you should go and they gonna be married and all that. You feel me? I know, I know. But this is the thing. 'cause it, I I think I wanna tell you to go ahead and pursue him 'cause that should actually train that meeting and all of that. I get that. But if he's about to walk down the aisle with another shorty and he just, you know, at this point he's just using you for the convenience. See It's not using when I'm the one initiating, I I I hit him up like I know y'all got whatever y'all got going on, but you busy today. 'cause I need something real quick, you feel me? But I'm gonna know like, well I don't think you got anything to even worry about. 'cause once shorty get a, you know, get a whiff of this cool, cool ain't walking down the aisle so you gonna have him believe It or not. See, no, that's the thing.


I don't never want him back. Oh my. You want that. And that's why I let him have this fiance because you know, let that girl deal with a headache. I just feel me? I just want know, should I keep doing that? Should I be abstinent? You feel me? Like what should I do Jess? I don she Just want the meat. Jess. Yeah, I, it it's so much meat out here. I I think, you know, you train one dog, you can train another one. It it is, it's Fine. Yes. That's the thing. It's, and when I tried it, it was terrible. Yeah. Let her have that back to back. Let her have that, that's her headache now. And I think, like I said, you, you done all you want is the meat. That's fine. Some things just run its course. You need to leave him alone. Let him be married. Let him figure it out. That ain't for him either. 'cause obviously if he's still willingly cheating on his fiance, he ain't even walked on an aisle yet, then that's, that's something that he gonna keep doing.


You ain't even gotta be a casualty of that. I know you initiating and all that, but would you want your man, your, your fiance to do the same thing to you? I don't. Exactly. And when it's gonna come a time where somebody's gonna put a ring on your finger Miss Ma'am. 'cause if you train in meat and all that. Yes, I believe God. Say that again Jess. Because I think he ain't hear you. So I want you to leave that alone. Jess, where you think she from? I say Brooklyn. She definitely from New York. I don't even know the, the barrels or whatever, but she definitely from New York. I don What you Think I smell Brooklyn but I, I'm sorry I smell Brooklyn but I think it's the Bronx. Think Homie home of Brooklyn. I smell Brooklyn. Yeah. Yeah.


I smell Brooklyn I think got a smell. Okay. Good luck in training that d the meat, whatever you Call it That's right. Says Hey John. Yo, you gotta stop repeating things just 'cause you hear people Saying, I just like it as fuck as hell. That sounded crazy. I said, I said good luck with training the d She ain't never say she trained the D she said I trained that meat dog. But You ain't him adlibbing you in the background talking train that meat. You train that DI did not say that. Yes you did. I did. You wanna be with the girls so Bad she could thank me. I saved you. Goodbye Sherry. Thank You boo. Yo Sherry, Sherry drunk as shit. Y'all. Oh my gosh. All right. Just The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us during Get it off your chest, a gentleman called in and said he was having a problem with his relationship and this was bothering him. So let's listen. First Thing, I just wanna get this off my chest. I can't say this to my girl so I'm gonna Just say it to y'all. I hate my girl dogs, okay? I don't know how Okay to all the dog people out there, I don't know how y'all deal with dogs running all around y'all house and doggy everywhere. But this about to make me say, Hey, I can't do this no more, bro. I had a dream about poisoning them do last night About this. Did you and your wife have a conversation? Did you tell her how you feel?


Yeah, we had one a few months ago and that turned into a big old argument. So I ain't, I ain't trying to go there no more. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's your Relationship? Pet Peeve? Let's start with you Jess. Alright. When you don't have no father ain your mother, it's way too involved in your business. 'cause then it leaks over into our business when he wanna take you on a date, but ask you where you wanna go. Excuse me. If you wanna take me on a date, plan the date. I don't like a nigga that be like, oh, like plan the date, learn me. You know what I like, if you know I like to eat steak, where you gonna take me? Not Outback, but where you gonna take me? You know what I'm saying?


I don't like that. Well, He can't, Jasmine wait waiting on somebody And I stop like Y'all should have did couples therapy a long time ago. Oh my, I'm not talking about Chris. No man can fix the mother problem. Like they can't, if they fight with their mom, they can't fix that. No, no, no, no, no. And then women, sometimes if I take you to a restaurant, then you be like, why we go to this restaurant? Why we not go to the restaurant? I said, yeah. So what, what are you feeling for today babe? No, no, no, no. It's a date. It's all in the place. Take the initiative to be like, you know what, I'm gonna take her here. You know? And the reason why I say, you know no outback steak out, I'm not talking about like, 'cause the price of it and you know the, the tier that it's on, I'm talking about because it has stake in the name just because it got steak in the name.


Don't, don't do that. Outback Steakhouse don't Do that. You are hard to please though, Jesse. You, you don't like nothing. See Emini here, you don't eat nothing. So it's kind of hard to go anywhere and enjoy myself. Okay, okay. With you. But no. Gotcha. It's about the dead. Like it starts with the dad. If your dad not already like not in your life, that that puts you closer to your mother, then your mother feel like she's dating you. So she gotta be in your relationships. I ain't with none of that. Okay. All So, but no, no, I'm not talking about Chris. Not talking about you babe. Who are you talking about then? Your people? I relationships, People. This is Emini here. I don't have these problems now.


Okay, well mine is is lateness. My wife is always late And I'm talking to you gi like you said you wanna talk about Christmas. I'm talking to you GI would hope you talking to gi right? My wife is always late, like, okay to the point where I have to lie about the time. So if you have a party at nine, I gotta tell other parties at eight and we still gonna get there at 9 30, 10 o'clock. It is what it is. But the problem I, the problem I have is she be late and then when I'm downstairs watching the TV waiting unless she like, come on, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go now I'm waiting on you. Now we're waiting on you. That's how I go. I Hate that. That's how I go. So you always on time? Oh Yeah, I'm always On time. So you're not black. What's your, What's your, what's your domain not answering the phone? You know, my wife And I have different phone habits. Like my phone is usually on me or near me.


So I'm quick to answer if I want to answer for the person. But she doesn't walk around with her phone on her. But my thing is, that's cool when everybody is home. Like when I'm home and all the kids' home. Yeah. None of us need to really be near our phones because even the parents know the house phone and stuff like that. But when everybody isn't home, keep your phone on you because you never know when I'm calling and why I am calling. So keep your phone on you. So not answering the phone, that's my my pet peeve. Okay. All right. Well let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Yes sir. Good morning. Breakfast Club. Ja from Indy. Ja. Hey from Indy. What's up brother? What's your pet peeve in a relationship? It's two of 'em man. One of them is a woman that doesn't have a relationship. I hate to sound like corny, but the relationship guy and the second one's gonna sound kind of vain And I can't stand a woman that don't work out.


She gotta be active. Okay, Well you don't sound just, just for the record, you don't sound corny wanting a woman that has a relationship with God that's not corny At all. Yeah, that's a good, that's a good one. Yeah. But it sounds cliche though. It sounds cliche to say, but like it's so imperative that you have a relationship. But just as important, I need her active because I can't be looking halfway deep. She a big body. Ah, you don't want no big backs, no big back. Alright, thank you. Ja. God damn. What if she, what if she see that's what she need to be praying to God to lose that weight. Yeah. You don't believe in God Tied into God? No. No. Yeah. Hello, who's this? Maya. Hey Maya. Good morning. What's a pet peeve in a relationship for you? I've been with my husband for 10 years today and he flo and snores really bad.


Ooh baby. And I'm a light sleeper. Like I can hear a pin drop. Like he literally holds me up from sleeping sometimes. Like he comes to bed like two, three o'clock in the morning most of the time because he's out playing the game. But once he comes to bed it's like I can't, I can't go back to sleep. Damn. What the hell? Why the hell either one of y'all ain't got no jobs y'all gotta get up for in the morning? Why he get to go to bed at three o'clock in the morning? Well, what's up Baby? We do, we, we work opposite schedules because our kids aren't in daycare. Okay, so what's this guy Like? I'm days Got you. Okay. I, I feel bad, you know? 'cause you know snoring is a lot of times you can't fix that because that's Like a, it's a medical problem sometimes A medical problem that he can, he don't do that on purpose.


Man. Listen, I ain't never seen nobody snoring laying on they belly like this, this, this is crazy. Dang. Yeah. Yeah. You don't nudge him, you know, push him. So he wake up a little bit. That's How I do all night. I'm kicking, I'm hitting. I'm like, shut the, And she said s slobber too. You'll probably stank. Pillows probably sta Dang. Yay. Yeah. Don't you get some like earplugs or something? Word. And we got five kids together and all five of them kids. Flo. It's crazy. Oh yeah, you gotta leave that family baby. You gotta leave the Whole family. Psych. Psych. Nah, nah, nah. I'm joking boo. Thank you mama. For better or for worse though, boo. You said it so that's Right. My Lord.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking what's a pet peeve in your relationship? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Now you got a positive note? I Do. But I want to tell people, first of all man, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Yes, it is year three of an Unforgettable Day of Live podcast. Inspiring Conversations and Cultural Celebration Podcast coaches celebration. Okay. It's hosted by Mandy and Weezy of Decisions. Decisions. We got the Trap Nerd podcast there for the gamers, good Moms Bad Choices is going to be there. Carrie Champions gonna be there with her Naked and Sports podcast tank. And Jay Valentine will be there doing the RB Money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there doing the Woman of Evolve podcast live. So go get your tickets right now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay, Saturday, April 26th. Third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival Atlanta. Can't wait to see you there.


And the positive note is simply this. Remember that emotion can be the enemy. If you given to your emotion, you sometime lose yourself. When anger rises, think of the consequences and never make a permanent decision based on a temporary emotion. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.


The BEST MOMENTS happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Balancing work, family, and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives and affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss.


This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture, we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets With your cuddling up After an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special. Our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug today.