
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at t Connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake that ass up early In The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave and we have Lauren filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Big Chloe. Chloe Bailey. Welcome. Hi. How You feeling? Gorgeous. Thank you. I'm feeling really good. I'm happy to see you guys man. Happy to see you too because you doing a lot of movies. Happy To see you cu happy to see you's. My cousin. I know you Begetting. So that's like real. Yes. Okay. 'cause he be claiming stuff in people And I be thinking he a little off. I Don't claim Nobody. No, but it's real. Yes you Do. Except for Chloe. Okay. I'd be proud too. Emini here. Like can't I tell my Cousin you proud? Yes I am. Aw, Look at that.


Lauren. Could you not find a way to hate this morning, please? Well, Jesus. Sorry Chloe, you just wrapped Goons. Yes I did. The Exorcism Fight Night is out. How do you have time to record albums? Are you Working? Working? Oh yes. Well I breathe music so I do it in between. When I was filming Fight Night, I was going back and forth between Coachella rehearsals and everything like that. So you make time for what you love. And how was doing Fight Night? Because you had so many people in there. Kevin Hart, Samuel L. Jackson, Taraji, so many people. How was working with that cast? It was amazing. Every time I'd go to set I pinch myself. I specifically remember like during a lunch break or when we wrapped that day, Taraji And I, we were in our sweats, you know, doing stunt rehearsals And I was like, this is insane.


Mm. Like I look up to this woman and you know, even doing the scene with Samuel Jackson And I was just like so pumped and nervous right before I was like, okay, you gotta hold Jerome because this is Sam. And he was just so gracious and Kevin and Don and Terrance, like, everyone's just been so amazing And I love Will for even putting me in that space. Do you keep it cool with them or do you ask them a lot of questions? Do they have to tell you not to call me Mr. Jackson not to call me Ms. Henson? You know, I think I do a pretty good job at keeping it cool. Okay. You know, of course inside, I'm not gonna lie, I fan girl out. Right. I'd be lying if I was like, oh yeah, no, I'm chilling. No, it's an honor to be in the room with them and it's just really exciting. And I definitely did learn a lot like a sponge.


Any, any intimidation at all. 'cause they, I have so many years in, Of course. Are you kidding me? Of course. But You're your own star. But I'm just, you know, asking like, 'cause they have, they're, they've been doing it for 20 plus years. Yes. We're Our, we're all our own star in our own Right. But it's always nice to have figures to look up to. So when there's people in places that you wish to be and who have experienced things that you have wished to seen, it's really amazing when you could be in a room to pick their brain, you know? Got you. Yeah. And you play Lena Mosley? I do. So Who is she? Lena. She is technically one of the guys. She's the only girl a part of the robbers. Oh Yes. So but you getting busy. She getting busy, Robin.


So in you Not to shoot a gun in real Life? No. Oh, okay. I want to learn. Yeah. You From the south You gotta learn. I know, I know how to box. Oh, I've never had to use my skills, but I do know. So you've trained boxer, you know how to box. Yes. How much would I have to pay you to punch your cousin in the face? Oh, you should not do that for community Service. You should do not for community service. No, no, no, no. I I'm a lover, not a fighter. Okay. You know what, Emini here, you know what? Emini here, I gotta fight in this room every day. Why? It starts to fights in this room. That's not true. True. Every Day it's okay. It's all right. That's, that's what got him. Where he at the coddling back to Lena. Because you said she's one of the she's one of the guys.


Yes. So explain to me like, when you say she's one of the guys, like how does she fit in The World of like the gangsters and the thieves and so She goes undercover. Okay. So she convinces Chicken Man who plays Kevin Hart? Well, Kevin Hart plays Chicken Man. Yep. And she's like, Hey, I'm gonna be a part of one of the Gogo girls. Does she give this energy? 'cause you, this is, She does give this energy. Okay. All right. And what I really love about her is her weapon of choice is her hairpin. Oh. And that's like, it personifies a woman, you know, it's feminine, it looks cute, but she will cut somebody with it. Right. Wow. Okay. Hairpin. How does it feel to be an auntie now? It feels amazing. Okay. It's like life has an extra layer of meaning. I love Halo so much.


How you, how are you with the baby changing Pampers, changing diapers? Are you that auntie or are you the one to be like, you know, this is your child, you change the pamper and then bring her back? I'm the fun auntie. Okay. You know, I do all the fun stuff with him. So I keep all of that stuff for them. You gonna be rich auntie in the future too? Oh yes. She Hits right Now. Keep that energy when he wants some money. Oh yes, I will. In future I will spoil him. Anything. Hey, lo, what you need? I got you. Word. Does it make you wanna have like your own babies? Like is it making you kind of prepare for that? Absolutely. Not for a while. Okay. Like, at least what's A while? Like six years. Okay. Six years. You know, how old Are you? 26. Okay. I think six Years is good, but you know, you can never really plan your life. It's all really on God's timing.


But if I could Right. I'd say like six years. Got you. And then as like auntie, I know your sister had talked a lot about like going through postpartum and all that stuff. Are you guys, like, is she, how is she doing with that? Are you, how do you help her through that? Because I know you, you didn't experience it, but you're, you guys are so close, so Yeah. Well, I don't wanna speak on her journey necessarily, but no matter what each of us go through, we're always there for each other no matter what. And I'm just happy that we can clinging onto each other. Like even when I'm in need or need her, like she's always there for me as I will always be for her. Like, I'm, I'm mama bear when it comes to Halle. Like, I always protect her. Does it bother you, like when you see stuff online with like, when like the memes of your nephew and like with DDG, he's always posting the videos, the haircut thing.


Like does that stuff bother you? Well, that's not my baby. Yeah. He is my baby, but he's sitting, you know, he has, he has great parents And I just, I'm happy to witness him grow. Got you. Yeah. You know the, the album is called Trouble in Paradise And I know you spent a lot of time in St. Lucia and you said that it inspired the album. What was the inspiration? What about St. Lucia? Ooh. Okay. So St. Lucia has been like my sanctuary. I have found peace there. Mm. Comfort, happiness, joy. And not saying that it erases life's problems, but it makes it a little bit easier Wow. To deal with. So I literally wrote away my troubles in paradise.


Wow. And what I love about this body of work is it feels like what a summer fling feels like. You know what Emini here, it's exciting, it has its ups and downs, you know, it's not too serious. But then again, it really feels heavy In the moment. Yes. Yeah. In the moment. It just feels like this is the one, but then it's Like, oh no. Then by Labor Day you like, you know what, what was I even doing? Yeah, Exactly. So I love the project. Do you remember a place that you found peace before St. Lucia? No. Wow. No. Wow. So when I found it, I was like, this is what it, it's like to live. Yeah. And so you at Kansas, so you like water. Of course. You know? Yeah. Okay. Wow. When you say to live, is it because like you've been famous and like kind of in the spotlight for a long time?


Or do you just mean like, just because they live differently, they're very free on the islands? Yeah. Or like what, what do you mean by to live? It gave a new definition to living because this is all I've known my whole life. You know, I've been in the spotlight or however you wanna call it, since I've been like a little girl. Right. So my life, you know, my goals, my dreams, my aspirations, what makes me happy. It's all been based on my career and how people view me in that space. Right. But it's also about your internal, your character, how you feel mentally, your heart. Mm. And when I went there I was like okay, this is true peace. It has nothing to do with how people view me as an artist, but actually as a human being. Mm.


I was, I was triggered by Yeah. Yeah. Album a little bit. Why Not cry? Tell me why He's light-skinned. Yeah. That's how long I'm get myself together, Everything share With me. Are you about to Cry? Almost. You have a song on there called Rose. Mm And I'm not talking flowers. Yeah. We had a conversation on The Breakfast Club one day about how women use the rolls and how men, You gotta dig deeper. Don't tell this story or if you're not gonna tell it, I'm gonna tell It. Yeah, we can go there. It's all right. You Need to dig deeper. Can You tell me, are you laughing Back there? Yeah. He has some issues. If you gonna tell this story, you need To tell It. Oh yeah, he has some issues. Go ahead. He's all right. Mar tears a little bit. You know some men look at the rolls and not flowers as cheating and you want women to charge the rose, but how about men?


Now that's not fair because if you think a rose is cheating then you could say porn is cheating. Some people do consider porn cheating though. I don't Like there are some people who be like, we have to watch it together. We don't need to do that now. That's Od ODing it. People can have fantasies. Okay, So this song, she really idolizes the rose And I don't, I don't like it. Your eyes are Really dirty. You buried the lead though. Tell her, tell her about the book King. Tell her What you wrote. Tell her about D you wrote in your book She wrote Away her trouble. That's Right. You wrote away your talk. Oh, I have to hear this. Yes, please. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Wait. Me and my wife have been together since 16. Love it. Hold on. When we first having sexual relations, don't look at me like that 'cause you trust me.


Okay. I'm just waiting. I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm going here. You Hold for me to make her orgasm. Hold my hand please. I got you. Wait, why are you talking about this? It Was in the book. We it in the book we find now. Okay, but for five years, No 10. Don't you dare cut that. That you see What? Look your cousin, you see what I'm saying? It Was 10. It was not 10, 10 years. You said 10 in the book. I Read the book. Don't you laugh, you laugh. Book don't you laugh. I'm not laughing For a while. It took me a 10 years. Chloe, stop it a decade. I could not make her reach orgasm. You can't Get to no points. Points. That's why you hate already. Dang. I couldn't get there. That was the problem. That's the problem. You ain't getting nowhere's crazy. That was the problem. And I couldn't get there because you know what, I used to watch porn And I used to think bang, bang, bang, bang, bang was the way.


And I realized it wasn't. And now the rose triggers me. That's why he hates toys. Yeah. You just need to build yourself up so that you're not triggered by materialistic things. You right. That was You have to better yourself. You Right. And that'll solve the problem. You're right. It should be an addition to you all's love. Right. So I agree that's not device. Wow. Thank You Chloe. You welcome. And Why you laughing back there? I see you laughing back there. Oh, she is Cracking up honey. She's having a time over here. Especially when he said 10, when he doubled down someone Off the couch. No, God damn. God damn. So she told you that She was honest about it.


You gonna it back. She should be honest about That. So I'm Really intrigued. Okay, so let tell you what happened. We've been married 23 years, 30 years. I know, but I wanna tell her you in therapy when we good now you beautiful Thing. We good now breakthrough. But it happened during an argument. She probably got tired and she was like Exactly. And then it was, it was bad. But we worked, we we worked emotional though. He, he ain't, he tried to flush the rolls down the toilet. That's how mad he got. I actually ran over it. I ran, ran over, I put down the car, ran over it. But yeah, but we good now but we write, we write about it in the book so couples can learn from our, from my mistake. Okay. Any more questions? Chloe? Wanna sugar me some up? You ain't no. Who brought This up?


I'm happy that it, it's ended in a positive way. Thank You. Okay. I hate this. Please go ahead. So this album, and even just hear you talking right now. I feel like this is a lot, you're a lot more like open about just you relationships wise, like sexuality. I saw the video you posted when people were reacting to the lyrics and you was like, y'all like it's life. It happens. How has that been coming around? Even being in a public eye, like the dating stuff. I know there was a photo with you and gunna how is all of this new world for you? Because you're a lot more like you're, you're here, you're sure, but you're confident The new photo weren't gonna, Well it wasn't, it's not that new. Like it wasn't yesterday, but there was an additional one outside of y'all. Oh shoot. Y'all were in la so y'all were in la remember you guys were in the store shopping and then you were like, no, he came here.


You were like, no, no, no, we're just friends. And then you perform both offset and then there was a photo of y'all at the party afterward. Yeah. Y'all are just sitting next to each other in the photo. Oh yeah. Yeah. Which sparked some more rumors. So Lauren did her homework on you. This my watching her. She is great. I see you. No, I gotta give you look I my pen in my hand. This is I'm at No you, you that girl. Thank you. I appreciate that. We ain't gonna get around the question though. Oh no, I'm listening. Wanna know? Okay, so I wanna know two things. Okay. First of all, I wanna know, right, because you are who you are. He is who he is talking about gunna and it's tough sometimes and people critique you a lot about be you're a woman and you date and you have sex and you do these different things. So is that tough trying to date at all, removing Gunner from the situation?


Yeah. Well one, I'm really proud of everything that he's doing. Two, honestly it is tough to date because even if I just wanna go out to grab a bite, say talk about music, if it's any one of the opposite sex, it's like, oh, that's who she's dating. And I want people to focus on me and my career. I don't wanna be connected to every man that I'm standing next to. Right. So because of that Emini here I am naturally a hermit, but because of that I'm just like extra, extra Cautious. Yeah. You know? And that's unfortunate though because you are in the phase where I'm sure you're dating wanting to meet new people and it's a fun thing to be able to do. Yeah. You can't do it publicly. But since those photos were public at one time And I know you guys have denied it and then the offset thing happened, what is the, what's the synergy there?


Like is there nothing there for real? Or You wanna know the status? Yeah, Like I just wanna know, I feel like every time we get told there's nothing, then it's like, yeah, y'all find each other somewhere. Well Emini here, we're both in the industry. He's doing his thing, I'm doing my thing. He's doing really great by the way. So it's just all love. Yeah. Okay. Are you writing nowadays more from a reflective standpoint or as a storyteller? 'cause you know, I hear records like might as well where you say things. I'm like, I might fly a nigga to the south side, let him hit it first night, then fall back. Jesus. You know, That's the new Chloe I'm talking about my girl you here now. So It's like my external doesn't say these things.


Right. But my internal feels them. So when I write it's like coming from a standpoint, this is what I'd say to you. Right. If you, you know, if I had the goal. Gotcha. A gumption. I like that. For you though, You fly a man out for real? No. Oh, okay. Why You can't fly a man out if you like him, you wouldn't do it. She ain't gonna be dealing with no bro. I don didn't fly himself out. Sometimes You Just say that if a man is treating you well, you wanna treat them sometimes Bro. But I don't, I don't think I would do that Emini here. Maybe I'd go there instead so that I'm flying myself. Okay. You feel Me? Yeah. You were dating somebody that might not have it like you did.


You wouldn't say, you know what boo boo, I'm gonna fly you to me to la or I'm gonna fly you to me to St. Lucia or I'm gonna fly you to Wherever I would want them to at least be able to get a flight to see me. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Yeah. You know, people get to, I, I don't wanna be like, I don't wanna play like the masculine role and like make him feel less than, so I'd rather not even visit that. People forget that you're, you are 26 years old. I think they, a lot of people still look at you as the young teenager singing. Do you have a a, a hard time with that? No. No. It kind of makes me laugh. Especially when I have no makeup on. I do look 15 And I do have like a young spirit. So Emini here. It's okay. It's sometimes I'm like, gosh, I'm 26, 4 years from 30.


Like yeah, let's let it go. But what Does your dad and auntie say about those lyrics? 'cause you is such a family person. Yeah. And usually your dad's says, so what do you, what do they say when they hear those Lyrics? So my Godmom, she's the first person I'll send the songs to and she knows me like at the back of my hand. So she, she will laugh a lot to the lyrics and then she'll also push me. And what I really love too about how want me came about with Sis And I, when I played it for her, she was like, this feels like a Chloe and Harley record. And I kept looping that in my head And I was like, you know what? So then I wrote Sister's verse And I was like, do you wanna hop on this with me? And it was nice that we got to have a collaboration together after two years.


So it's like little things like that that I won't always be privy or open to that she'll like call out. So it's always nice to have someone that you'll trust. Now if a song is, she'll tell me There's too much. Yeah. Are there ever any songs like, 'cause you have temporarily single All I got where like you, you know, you opening up about stuff where you're like, don't listen to this one. Y'all like skip over that one. Like do you ever have to tell them that? I always get nervous anytime I play my music anytime. Really? Yes. Because you, I'm bearing my soul in the song and it's like, okay, yeah, this is me. I don't really show this. Right. This is me. So it's like, I hope, you know, people will like it. Even the ones closest to me, like I'll get nervous, I'll have my head down listening, looking up like this.


Yeah. When I, I love the relationship you have with your, with your godmother too though. 'cause you know that you hear people say, oh, I'm the god mom, I'm the God dad. But you don't see the godparent really act like it. Yeah. Yeah. Like she really holds you down like that. Yeah. Has that always been the Case? It has. Yeah. Like she's the first person to show me what unconditional love truly looks like. Wow. Wow. Wow. Y'all, anybody, y'all parents? I am. Me too. But I don't act like it. You You got, I don't know what it entails. Like that's what I'm saying. When I see them together, I'm like, yeah. So Almost like if something happens to, you know, they will take over. Like I'm Halo's aunt, but I'm also his godmom. Wow. Got, got You, got You. Gotcha. You got, you got You. That's fitting for y'all though.


'cause I don't know who else is like, you guys are the closest. I've never, it's just, it's Y'all. I know. She, I would've been like, excuse me, why am I not the God Mom? But it makes sense when you got a relationship when somebody just labels you that and then you don't really have a relationship with the child. With the child. Right. And then something happens, you're like, I don't know this person. Like, you know Emini here. Yeah, I think I am. I think we all godparents on birthdays and holidays. Right. Because Oh, you're not, you don't send gifts at all. I don't Even know what it means. That's why I said when I see them it's like, oh, okay. That's how it's supposed to be. It's supposed to be like your backup angel. It's like a, you know, like you might need to call him for something. Yes. You need to, God dad, I need some money. You might need to hang advice. It, it depends On relationship. My called Me all the time. I like how you said like little backup guardian angel. Yeah. Like that's why I think of about my God mom, who's also my aunt as well too.


It's my grandma and sister. But I feel like we are like kindred spirits and it just, God made it that way. Yeah. Like, you know. But I have a question for you about, you mentioned like when you play your music for people and people hear your music, you always, always get nervous. How do you deal with critiques? Because I know John B came out and that was like a whole thing when he said that you ain't gun a song that you re remade of his, the the, what song was it? The they Don't Know was Ratchet and people were upset at him for saying that. Yeah. Like how did you feel about that? Well John b is an incredible artist. If that song didn't exist, we couldn't sample it. So I love what Gunna And I did to it. And you know, I'm sad he feels that way, but Hey, everyone has opinions. He Also said he didn't, it didn't get cleared. I was like, it had to get cleared.


Yeah. That I, Yeah. Emini here. It had to get cleared For us to be sold. Yeah. She was like, look, I did You know who John B was before that? Of course. Okay. Of course. Why do y'all think that? Us younger people don't even ass. I'm just asking. Don't No, don't get on his, get on yours too. Literally they talk to me like, because I'm younger, I'm just like, do do. It's like, no, I might not know everything But no, it's really important to like listen to her and trust like the youth and like she's a smart one. Put it, put it here girl. When's your birthday? November 22nd. Are you a sge? Love Love. I love be old s. Okay. Yeah. Okay. It don't have nothing to do with Youth Chloe. It has the fact she sometimes I'm not sure what, people just don't be knowing stuff.


Okay. That's all. That's it. Yes. But if she doesn't know something we can't say it's because of her youth. Yeah. She just don't know. That's You gotta inform her. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it. Yeah. It's just little things though. Like What? Like what? I don want you, you You wanted to ask. You wanted somebody to ask you. She didn't know we called Latifa a queen. She didn't know it was Queen Latifah. That's not Crazy. No, that's not true. He asked me did I know Queen Latifah's real name. That's what he asked me. That's not true. It started from LL Cool J. Yeah. I didn't know LL Cool J's real name 'cause I'm like it's LL Cool J Like what do you mean? That's, that's the stuff. Those Are the things I think people should know though. But that go, that goes back to when we were younger. We had to read the album credits. Correct. Or like we would watch the movies, watch the TV shows and look at the end credits to see what people were,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a caller season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Doing that I do miss. I feel like that art is gone. Like that's something that I would've appreciated. You know, do you really feel like nice girls finish last? So I do feel that way. And in your case, your wife did. Oh so that's good. Was that a stab? Yeah. No, that's what the song's about. That's what is that? That's What the song is about. Jesus. Oh. Oh, how did I get the song is about song on face value. That was such a Don't let it fool you. Don't let the, don't let all of this fool you. That's why Slang the ball explain the lyrics. That's what the song is about.


Now everybody listen Girls, because he catered to the man We cater to the man and the Nice Girl finishes last and then we referenced Janet Jackson at the end on the last line of the song. That's what the song is about. Was that that Stab Chloe? It was not, It Was stop. So basically what she, you're saying that women should speak up for themselves more and and if they're not getting what they want, It's like a say it's like a innuendo. Yeah. Yeah. And you also, are you also speaking like romantically like sexually as well too? That's that's And I can, yeah, because you wanna, it's all about like pleasing your partner. Sorry, Emmy. It was not a stab. No, It was not a stab. I, this was tv. They gonna see it on YouTube. But the way she looked at me and said, and that's what your wife felt Give, remember the rose God, Somebody told me that he these to use.


I don't want no roses. Put that rose on the other side. I want no roses over here. Oh, you want this rose over? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But that's what the song is about. That's what it's about. Okay. Like taking the back seat and like letting your partner, you know, as A, as a, as a woman. Like, 'cause one of the things that I feel like I'm learning right now is like I, she's single. She's single by the Way I am. And I'm enjoying it. Not temporarily Period. Independence. Not temporarily either. Done. Got done. I keep that there 'cause I be having a throw up. But, but I been enjoying it. And I, I will say though, like one of the things I had to learn is like how to take a backseat because I, I wasn't just natural like I, that wasn't in my household.


But then he made me forget everything I was about to say. Oh, you Were saying you were single as A as as a, as a woman who, you know, you are very career oriented, you have a lot going for yourself, all that stuff. How do you deal with knowing when to take the backseat and knowing when to be like, no, I'm not doing that because you don't wanna intimidate the guy. Mm, That's a really great question. So for me, I like to be babied a bit like, because I am in a field where I do have to lead and speak up for myself and you know, command the room and everything. It's nice to be able to come to a space that you're comfortable Right. Where you can let that down. I feel like every woman wants to protect her.


They just have to find the man who can protect. Right. And I feel like that's, when we don't feel that way, that's when we feel like we have to stick our chest out because it's like fight or flight. But when we feel like someone is capable enough to carry us to shield us. Yeah. You know, when the storm gets crazy, that's when we kind of take that backseat role. So it's really about who you find comfortable being that vulnerable with. I feel, I Agree with that. You were so calm. It's very really, yeah, you're red chill. It's shit. Not the way she threw that dart interview, threw That show. No, even that I love it. I don dunno how to shoot a shot a gun before. I can't tell. I couldn't tell. Now being that you are who you are, Chloe, do you really feel like fuck your status when it comes to guys?


'cause you got a song that I'm called FY like Nephew your status. Yep. Do you really feel that way? Do you really feel like All I need is love, I don't need nothing else. I don't need she money to fly yourself. Your position, job. Yeah. Honestly, yes. I still want someone with drive and someone who has ambition so that we can build each other up. But I think being in a world where it's so superficial and everything is based on what you have, right. What are you doing next? This, sometimes it gets a little suffocating and redundant. So it's nice to just have someone who loves you just for you. So you would date like somebody that wasn't in the industry?


Oh yeah. Like the up a guy to drive UPS or something. No, But someone not in the industry. Yeah. Got you. Gotcha. But I think a lot of times too, when, when people ask that question Emini here, it's like, I get it, but like when people ask that question too, like one of the conversations people don't have is sometimes like when finances aren't right or like even just status, right? Like we could both be making the same money, but I'm more outward than you are. I've never come across a man that has been secure enough in himself to be okay with that. And it causes problems even if you don't bring them in. And that's why women, we kind of do that to protect ourselves sometimes. So yeah, I think it gets unfairly thrown on women. You're very successful. It gets unfairly thrown on you when you say, oh, I have a preference. But the preference sometimes is to protect yourself.


But What would be wrong with a US driver? That's what somebody would say. Everybody has a preference. Nothing's wrong with a UPS driver. Nothing's wrong with them at all. Would I date someone? Maybe, maybe not. Just like everyone has a preference. They like a woman with a big booty. They like a woman with tiny titties. Everybody has a preference. You wouldn't date somebody short though. That's, that would be Out though. I would date someone who I'm the same height with, with heels on. Oh, okay. I know I've, I've, yeah, I've not known somebody who's kind of your height. Who, Okay. We've seen them in photos together already. Oh, What do you keep going back to this. What is this trying to ask?


Was such a fly couple? What? Trying to Ask here. I'm asking you, would you, like if today he's like, we need to do this, would you lock in? Like is is the relationship there where you guys are friends enough? I understand you're just friends now, but you guys are friends enough where you would be like, you know what? I would explore this. I Think we're both living like our own lives. You so good at this. You good at what? Your answers. Your answers. I'm just being honest. Okay, Go ahead. Yeah, just we're just living our own lives, you know? Did you like his physical transformation? Yeah, I'm really proud of him. It's always great when someone transforms their life like that. You know? He did it the right way. No surgery, no BBLs, he looks great. Yeah. Yeah. Were You asking her that or telling her?


I, me confused. Were you confused? Wendy? Say that. Get your cousin. I told you Lauren, what is your problem? Yo, nothing. Jesus. Correct. Can we Go? Go ahead. I was gonna say, you open the album. I think it's all I got, but correct me if I'm wrong. Yes. And you talk about like, there's like a guy who, he's like not the fall guy, but he's always there for you and he's always there for you in all the right ways. But that's not the guy you like or wanna be with. Mm. But then there's this other guy, like you have the, this is the ideal guy, but he doesn't know how to be for be there for you in the same way. What's your experience been like with that? Like, and how, just Ask which one is gonna, that's what she wants to ask. What, what inspired that song? So what inspired the song you guys love talking about him?


What inspired the song? It's kind of Crazy. I didn't even say that. Right, right. I literally didn't even say it this time. I just was interested In that because knew you was going. Yeah. You know, I think every girl has that. Yeah. What inspired the song though for me is that you want to feel safe and secure, but then at the same time you also want someone to push you outta your comfort zone. So it's the catch 22 because we all just, ugh, it's life. Life be life. And So you like the bad guy or you like the guy that's gonna keep you secure in a safe bet. The latter. The latter. Should Men listen to your albums and like, like, like use it as a blueprint. Like should they use it like how people use Steve Harvey books or is this the stuff you're writing? Do you really mean a lot? They can if they would like to.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. You know, Emini here, there might be some girls who have experienced things I've experienced. There might be not, but it was really fun, you know, just coming from such a stance of power as being a woman and being in the islands. You know, just looking out at the water as I'm creating this music. It was just something about it. It was just like, So you recorded the whole album English? I did. Wow. I did. We had a villa flew out, producer, engineer and it was just so nice. And every night we'd go out, experience the music, I'd go swimming, come back in record. It was just the most freeing experience to be honest. What did you do? The mud bath thing in St. Lucia? I did.


Okay. Yes. Was for Springs, silver Springs, sulfur Springs. So for spring. How was that? Amazing. I love it. It's so, so cleansing. What's fun? Relaxed. You like? Like no work in St. Like on a day where you're not working in St. Lucia, you're not Chloe, you just somebody that's there and in like experiencing and have a good time. Like what are you like Are you the stand on the couch friend? You're the spa friend. Like which one are you? I'm the friend who has my bathing suit on and my big baggy sweatpants And I go straight to the beach And I lounge out there all day. And I'll eat good food or be on the boat and jump off. Adventurous friend. Yes. There You go. Adventurous friend. I also read one time that you said you enjoy acting because it helps train your brain not to aim for perfection.


Yeah. So have you been scribing for perfection and everything else? Like your career path, your personal life? When it comes to performing and music, you kind of have to, you're only as good as your last performance and you know, you rehearse for hours to make sure the choreography's perfect. You make sure you can sing the song perfectly so that it's like, so you know, for me I just love acting as well because it's like it taps into a piece of me where I can be really raw and vulnerable and open. And when you are channeling an actual human being, there's beauty in the flaws. And how channeling, how, how hard is it to try to chase perfection though? Like, because I feel like you'll beat yourself up if you don't feel like you're doing things perfectly.


You'll constantly, it'll be like a endless cycle, right? Like a, A hamster and a wheel. And for me there's so many times I've done that, but it's like you, it'll be a losing battle. So it's a catch 22 as well A lot. 'cause a lot of times that can lead to like depression. Yeah. That can lead to like anxiety. Anxiety because you think you're not doing things the most, You're not doing enough, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of Course. What was an experience that made you like realize, okay, like I gotta learn to step off the wheel. Like do you remember a moment where you're like, oh, I'm hitting rock bottom right now, I gotta step off the wheel. I think it was last year and it was like, you know when you kind of go numb a bit and you kind of, nothing really phases you.


Yeah. That's when you're like, okay, I've lost feeling. How do I get that back? You don't want to ever give up to a point where you stop caring. Yeah. So I'm happy that my love and care has come back, but what I really appreciate is how you constantly do talk about mental health because it is important. And I feel like especially in the black community, it's overlooked or like it's frowned upon sometimes. But more recently it hasn't been. But I think therapy's important. I think, you know, talking to the people, your loved ones so that you're not suffering or going through anything alone. I think all of that's important. Did it help you get out that space? Like therapy and, Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. If you don't mind. And this one over here, God, mama.


See? Yes. You said a line one time, you said people who you think will be there for the rest of your life. People who you think have your back through and through. They have the knife. Jesus Christ. Yep. Wow. That's life. And I think what has been healthy for me is knowing that everybody goes through kind of the similar thing. Absolutely. It kind of takes me out of the moment of being like, woe is me. Like of course I still do, you know? I'll be like damn. And I'll allow myself to feel, but it's like, okay, someone is going through something similar, you're not alone. And it's like, okay, this is just life. And that's how I'll generalize it to keep pushing, You know, how to set boundaries. That's, that's my big learning lesson right now.


I'm getting there. I'm getting there. Where Were you, if you don't mind me asking, what was going on in your life at the time where you had to step off the wheel and you got numb? Because I remember what I was going through specifically. It was a factor of things. It was a factor of things. It's like, I think there's always that little cherry on top. Yeah. And it's like, oh. But what is important is that you always continue to get back up and having people who can help you get back up. So I'm standing now. There You go. How was it when you and Holly got back in the studio? Did you want me? It was amazing. We were in New York actually. We had like a press event here And I was like, sis, okay, here's the verse. You like it? She's like, I love it. I was like, come.


She's like, okay, I'm bringing Halo to the studio. He was there at the engineering board with me and she just sounded so beautiful and she just pushed the record to be even more special. Wow. Is it hard to get her to do anything other than be a mother nowadays? No. She is multifaceted, like she's doing so much. She's been filming taking care of Halo. Even when I was filming in New Orleans, she came to visit me for a weekend. 'cause I was like feeling lonely. So I was happy. I know you guys do your, is it T It's Tea Time? Yes. It's tee time. And y'all started it back up And I saw Halo was in one of them. What it it is like, 'cause you've always been close, but now she's a mom so she's experiencing different things. Is the relationship different now or is it the same, but you just have to know she's also a mom too.


Like what was the, what was that like in A really weird way? It's gotten stronger. Oh, Okay. I can't explain it. It's just like, I think because we both have a deeper appreciation for life now, seeing something so pure and innocent like that, it has made our bond stronger. Y'all women now. So it's like a different level of womanhood And that's what I feel through this, this, this project. That's why I'm like you here. Like I'm happy for you. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm happy that you enjoyed it. Well let's, Let's split. Can we play a joint other than Rose off the album? I think we should play role. I Think we should play Rose on Hoop Can Play theme Honestly. Favorites favorite. It's 23 years.


Favorite pack. You her favorite. There you go. Yes, I like that you made up for it. There we go. There we go. True Cancer. Shoot. You heal it up a little bit. You know what I'm saying? You literal laughed a little longer. She shoot you again. You a cancer? Yes. Oh yes. Wow. Absolutely. Oh my goodness. 6 29. July 1st. Yep. You're July 1st. No, I'm 6 29. You July 1st. Oh, I was like, It's like, oh no, I didn't do this. Well it's Chloe Bailey, we appreciate you for joining Us. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and Consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Starro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.