
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Audi Y'all This weekend get an all access has passed to Apple TV plus no Time like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We Are not finished. We're on a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it Looks fabulous. I can't wait To see it stream for free this weekend. App D required


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursdays on abc. Get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover, mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. New episodes of Extreme Makeover Home edition. Thursdays at eight seven Central on a, b, c, and Stream. Next day on Hulu.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJN Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guests joining us back in the building. Yes indeed. We got the brother John Hope Bryant, he's back. Welcome Brock, My honor to be here And also Arod. Alex Rodriguez. Welcome. Great To be here. Lot, Lot of money, lot of intelligence between y'all two. Okay. How did this happen? This Connection? Well, whatever You try to make smart, sexy, You know, it attracts, you know, like, like attracts like, you know, on mindset, you know, this is, all of us are up from nothing. By the way, all of this story, it's the same thing that you can go from the bottom to the top legally, ethically, honestly.


Pay your taxes, do your stuff go from from cashing the check to writing the check. And so Alex's story and mine are very similar. Like we had very strong mothers who were great influences. Our lives we're both extremely nosy. You know, Quincy j Quincy Jones, how'd you get so smart? I'm just nosy as hell. I wanna know everything about everything. So, you know, we're nosy. And, and when he got his first check, you know, in baseball, he wouldn't ask magic. Like how, okay, how do I, how do I turn this from a check to some pro to some wealth? And so we started talking to the folks on the, the front row, at the team, at the, the games for business people.


And he would trade his influence for lunch. I'll go to lunch with you. I just need to ask you a bunch of questions. That's what magic used to do. I just saw him last week and it was just brilliant because he gained a business acumen from that got a basically NBA while he's playing the baseball and used that to then buy some real estate and then buy some more. I think you worked the first piece of real estate yourself, didn't you? Yeah, A duplex. Duplex for 250,000. So we did a financial literacy episode on Money and Wealth, which you know something about. It's on the Black Effect network. That's Right. Make sure you subscribe To that. Yeah. It's actually episode's out this week. We did this episode together on financial literacy.


'cause we both believe it's the civil rights issue. This generation, when you know better, you do better. And we're talking about black and brown wealth. How do you, how do you, how does black and brown create some green and at at scale? And it's a conversation that many folks don't have. Most athletes go broke by the way. 70% Wow. Of all NBA and NFL players bankrupt within five years of retirement and divorced. So this brother just defying all the odds. He's cool. He's a, he's a humble dude. He wanted to meet you guys. You've been Up here before. Hey Rob been up here before. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But he, he wanted to get into it. He wanted to, he wanted I love the show. Yeah. He wanted to get into it. Go to another level. And so it's a, it's a, it's a beautiful family. Re re reunion.


Well, let's, let's jump right into it. So, you know, what gave you the mindset to say, I want to learn more about investing and making sure that I have wealth after retirement. Was it the fact that you've seen so many athletes go broke? Was it the fact that you said, I'm never going back to where I was or what was it that said I want to be different from 70% of those are the athletes? Yeah, thank you. I I I would say, you know, I was a kid here, born in Washington Heights, 1975, July 27th. And I grew up right on the block, right by Yeshiva University. And my father was a baseball player and an entrepreneur. And both my parents are Dominican. I'm first generation immigrant. And I had this great appetite for two things, baseball and business.


'cause I, my, my father was an a money guy and then my father left my mom and my two siblings when he was, when I was 10. What'd your father do, if you don't mind me asking? So he was in our apartment in Washington Heights. We had a shoe store and it was before iPhones obviously. It was like ni late 1970s. And they used to call him like the human ca calculator. 'cause obviously we didn't have the phone, the calculator and all that. So, you know, women would come up, get four shoes and he'll be like boom, boom, boom plus tax, minus 10%. Boom. And every time he was right 'cause then they would count, get the calculator out. But he usually had a calculator out. But it wasn't for him. It was for usually the women so they can count and make sure that all the numbers were right. So I always had that.


And then once he left, I saw my mother worked at General Motors for about 12 years. She would have the early shift at three o'clock in the morning to two come home nap for two hours and then go serve tables at nights at midnight. And I saw this for years and years and years. And I think my life changed one day we were at Publix, which is a supermarket down in Miami. I was about 12 years old and the bill's about $75. And I see her grab some of her tip money and she's got like $56 or whatever. And I see that she, she's missing like 20, 25 bucks and she goes into another pocket in her purse and grabs what I call funny money. And I said, mom, what is that funny money? It's like red. I've never seen money like that.


I don only monopoly. And she kind of with shame in her face, looked down and she goes, son, the government's helping us out a little bit this month. And it, it changed my life. Emini here, I can feel it today. And I know so many families out there have felt this. And that's kind of where my ambitious grew. Is that what we used to call food stamps? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Food stamps, food st. Remember they were paper food stamps, paper. But I never seen it because it wasn't green. Right. And I think she would hide it from me. We were probably in food stamps for years. She just never, you know, disclosed that with me. And then like John said, I met with one of my heroes and mentors and great friend now Magic Johnson about 30 years ago. And he was going out to dinner with Cookie and it was near LA Rodeo Drive, I think Mastro or something.


And it was supposed to be a 30 minute, you know, we were in the back room. Yeah. Supposed to be like a little 30 minute meeting. We met for three hours. He called Cookie and said, I'm not coming home. And years later I said, magic, why'd you gimme like three hours? And I left with nine notes of paper that I still have today. He said, 'cause you're one of the few athletes that came in all business on time. That's right. No phone. And you were taking notes. That's right. So you were engaged. So I engaged with you. So that's my message to the next generation. It's just like, the reason why I played baseball for so long is the fundamentals, whether it's Jordan or Tiger or LeBron or Magic or Bird, whoever is fundamental in sports that makes you great. The same thing as in business. You gotta know the rules of engagement.


And our young folks, while they're getting better, there's a lot of room for growth to understand the way that money works and their relationship with money and financial literacy. So from day one, did you blow any money? Like, like when you first got your first, your first big check, did you blow any of it? I was fortunate. I played for almost 25 years. So I would say from age 20 to 30, I made a bunch of mistakes. And then what I realized, like sports, when we won the championship with the Yankees in oh nine, we, we had a squad and we were as solid as anyone. And in business the same thing. You gotta create an incredible team that are way smarter than you, that have complimentary set of skills. But at the end of the day, you're the quarterback of that team. So then I put my lessons behind me and, and been pretty good ever since.


What was the dumbest thing you bought when you, when you first became and made all that money in, in Major league baseball? Well, I'm from Miami. So boat, You, body eye, A band and a Rolex. If you're from Miami, you need a Rolex. That's the gold Rolex. Not dumb. Nah, you can resell that. Yeah. So by the way, me, him and Don Peoples who's been on the show a few weeks ago, the three black men I know, black and brown, same thing. We're all, we're all same family who have a couple hundred million dollars in a loan facility for real estate on a, as you know, this a non-recourse basis, which means there's no personal guarantees. That's credibility. And that's where we need to go. Like you make money during the day, you build wealth in your sleep.


And ano and too many of us hooked have hooked on that. I wanna get that dollar. I wanna get that cash, I wanna get that buck. I gonna get that bag. It's, it's useless. It's, it's it, it's called literally cash flow. Cash will flow and if you're outflow exceeds your inflows and your overhead will be your downfall. And, and if you don't understand financial literacy, somebody's gonna separate you from your wallet. And this is, there's just more zeros attached to it. The first year. Every athlete spends everything they got. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It's, and you know, it's just, it is natural. If You look at baseball, to answer your first question, I was 18, 19 years old and this article came out called Broke. And, and then I think 30 30 did a little, I remember that shot, right. And you saw the guys were having a bunch of kids and it, it was really sad, right?


To see. And when you looked at the data in baseball, three numbers that jumped off the page was one, the average career in baseball is five and a half years. You make 90% of your money from age 20 to 30. So then what happens in 31 to 80? And then the last one is less than 5% of almost 800 players in the big leagues, less than 5% have a college degree. Right. So when you look at those three data points, I would short the stock, meaning that I would bet that most guys would run into financial problems. Most most people, men and women. So that, that was a big issue. And then one of the biggest mistakes, John, And I know we've talked about this, whether it's athletes or just people like my mom and my dad that grew up, I would say more like my mom. They don't really understand the difference between an asset and a liability.


That's right. So when you say, what was the first stupid thing you bought Emini here. One of them will be a plane, a boat, you know, cars, depreciated assets would be multi-family apartments. A business that throws off cash and things that are gonna appreciate over time. I was gonna ask, lemme I wanna jump into what you were saying. You know, growing up in Queens, there was nobody around me making money. Right. We were all the same. We didn't know anything about financial literacy. Right. My son goes to, university of Miami calls me yesterday, him and his friends about to buy a restaurant, which is crazy because at 20 years old I wasn't thinking about that at all. But it's the mindset and the people that he's around. So for people listening, and they might not have somebody around him that is knowledgeable in business, they might not have somebody around him that knows where to put money or what to invest in or how to do it.


What do you tell those individuals coming from, you know, Washington Heights, I'm sure that besides hearing your dad, there wasn't too many people around you that you could get advice from. So what do you tell those people to say, okay, I'm in this situation. I don't, I I don't have a magic to speak to. You know what Emini here, I don't have a arod to say, let me sit down with you. I don't have a a, a john to say this is what I have and what I do. So what do you tell those individuals? Let Take that first because I know this is one includes John. It's the power of proximity to greatness or proximity to intelligence is so powerful in baseball. I wanted to be around Cal Ripkin, Keith Hernandez, doc Good and strawberry because they had sets of skills that I needed And I wanted, and great athletes can copy and paste better than anyone in Baseball Skills in baseball.


Now you go over, now it's business and it's the same exact drill. I wanna be around John Hope because every time I'm around him, I get better. He inspires me, he gives me more hope. He gives me no pun intended, he gives my, my self-esteem rises. Our community black and brown, the number one issue is self-esteem issue. And they don't want to engage no doubt about it. They don't wanna engage in a business conversation 'cause they don't wanna be embarrassed. That's right. We're some of the most prideful people in The World, but we pay our rent on time. We're hardworking people. We have tremendous heart and grit, but we don't wanna be embarrassed. That's why Shark Tank works so well. You get an education while getting entertainment and, and America gets an MBA from Shark Tank. That's why people say, when I walk around, oh, there's the Shark Tank guy. I love Shark Tank that when comes watching Shark Tank is amazing, right?


They learn so early. So, so, so your job as an American citizen, as a youngster, right? Man, boy, whatever you are is to be around proximity of greatness. So if you find a great mentor from age 20 to 30, forget about the money, 20 to 30. Go work for John. Go do an internship at a Rock Corp. Go work for magic, paid nothing, pay whatever you got, get a roommate. But 20 to 30 is your extended education. And then once you get into the thirties, you open up that, that black book, how we say your, your relationships, right? Because when you're 85, right, you look back, your net worth is gonna resemble your network. Amen. Right? So start, I had a mentor say, if you don't have a breakfast, lunch, and dinner every single day to talk about money, you're falling behind. 'cause your competition's doing it.


That's right. And another thing too, you said when you said you sat with magic and you was just dead with notes for three hours, don't be too afraid. Don't be too proud to ask questions. Ask questions, right? If I'm around somebody that's doing more than me and got way more than me, I wanna know about everything that that person is doing. But you know what happened with magic? It was, I still have his notes and, And I saw him last week at, at the Dodger game and he Emini here, he's, he's such a, a goat. I love that guy so much and he's done so much for our communities. But it was the proximity where I can touch him, I can touch him, but here's a man who's great on the court and then put on a business suit and was a hall of famer also, right? And I said, well wait a minute. If magic can do it, why can't I, we look alike. And I can't do that just with a general white guy because I don't look like that guy.


So, to, to answer your question very specifically, great answer. I loved all that. By the way, my job is to become the public's capitalist. That's my job. You know, we got Black Lives matter, but black capitalists matter, right? We gotta make smart, sexy, we gotta make this. That's what you guys are doing by the way ladies, guys are doing on this show. You're making intelligent thought, interesting and fascinating by putting it where people can, can, can relate to it. And this book, financial Literacy that I introduced when we, when you introduced when we, I was on the show last, it's still number one. That's black and brown people buying that book. It's number one in business finance, not black history, business finance, nationwide of all books.


That makes me very proud when I go to the airport. Like last night, TSA agent six 70. Wow. Credit score, credit Score. Yo yo man, 6 7800 here. The people taking this stuff. Seriously, we're starting to change the game. So one, get the book, mark it up, write, make, make comments, have a family meeting once a week with your family. Talk about, I joke about this when I'm serious. When you go to club and you meet somebody, she's fine. He's handsome. That's cool. Oh yeah. What's your credit score? That's right. And I'm only partially kidding because if you get serious about that person, that's your business partner for life. That's right. The, the, the looks are going to fade, the body's gonna drop. Right? But, but that person's better have common sense.


If two plus two does not equal six, eight, or 10 in a relationship, what the heck are you doing? If you're not better together, what are you doing? I could do better all by myself. Dr. King once said, he said, I refuse to finance my own oppression. And, and, and, and Quincy Jones court, again, the only worse than being alone is wishing that you were so you, if you're not a relationship with somebody who adds to you, even if it's a casual relationship, what are you doing? Get the toxicity outta your life. If you hang around nine broke people, you'll be the 10th. Understand you're an eagle surrounded by buzzers and turkeys, eagles don't fly in packs. So start looking at your, your posse, your group, and then be really nosy. All when you walk down the street in Manhattan, all these buildings, those are not, that's not JP Morgan Chase.


That's, that's a dentist's office. That's an attorney's office, that's an accountant's office. You can get to those people. Go, I know it sounds crazy. Go knock on a door. I'd love to be an intern. I love 15 minutes. Who's gonna give you, who's gonna deny you 15 minutes? And all you wanna do is listen, God gave you two ears and one mouth. You listen twice as much as you talk. I'm nosy as hell. I don't wanna know everything about everything. You know, you know my man Charlamagne, he's nosy. I call, I call him, ask him about stuff. He'll call me. Okay, tell me about this. So and so, you know, we're not, we're not afraid of the facts. We're not afraid of knowledge. Right. You know, he's talking, he's mainstreaming mental health right now. That's a topic we all need to be talking about. Right? So by, by by arod making this, talking about his family, talking about everything didn't go well.


Talking, being humble, having a humility about it. Well that it allows everybody else to have permission to ha to begin to role model that. Right? So we need to mo we model what we see. We need to start role modeling folks who are, have the capacity to write a check, not just cash it who build wealth, not just make some money making a living. It's literally making a living is what is, that's all you're doing. You're not building a life. So this stuff is so easy, but no one's ever taught us. There's nothing wrong with us. That's right. We're not dumb. And we're not stupid. Where the rules are published and the playing field is level. We kill it. Professional sports, the arts, politics, music, music.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Entertainment, music. Business Now church, well, we're starting with business. But where the rules are published and playing field's level, we kill it. We have not been told the rules on free enterprise and capitalism. That has to become all of our roles. And when you write, you get this book. If you finish with it, go donate to your family's name, to the local library. Go to a title one school. Your name's in the book now. And you donated to that and you go and teach in that classroom. And now you are the role model and the hero and shero. We can start a whole new movement. Not in the streets, in the suites. My favorite question to your point is about asking questions. I'll stop a meeting and I'll say, wait, wait, stop. Explain that to me slowly. Like I'm a third grader. That's Right. And you should not be embarrassed to ask that.


That's right. You should be embarrassed if you don't ask that. And if a business plan, I can't really understand it in five minutes, then I'm out. I want simplicity. Simplicity is your best friend. And What's crazy is the person you're talking to, they know you don't know. So why sit there and act like Exactly. Because ask the question like what that mean? Like what, why not? Yeah. Who got you into the, the, the franchise game? Which one as far the rumor now is that, you know, y'all got the cash ready, the buy Minnesota Timberwolves. Oh yeah. Full ownership. So There's, by the way, there's some things that he can't talk about today. Yeah. They said is a legal situation. He'll, he'll answer the question. He can answer By the way, I loved, by the way, it was like, which franchise he owns so much. That was a Flex. I heard that. I called That. I called, it's my fault.


He's like, which one? But there's some things he, he he won't be able to talk about today. Yeah. Just high level Emini here. Just kind of my passion for sports. I think if you talk to most athletes and you do a secret poll, probably 90% or more will tell you, I would love to own part of a team someday who doesn't wanna convert from player to owner. Right. That that's the, the American way. We took a long run at the Mets and we came in second to Steve Cohen, thank God. 'cause he's doing a phenomenal job. And we we're having a great time with the Tim Bulls and the links. Links almost won a championship. That's right. A couple days ago. Came up a little short, but very proud of our, of our young women. Look, this is the, the, the ultimate dream to be in, in room with Adam Silver and you know, 30 other owners.


It's pretty spectacular. And I look at that and talk about imposter syndrome. You're seeing Mark Cuban, you've seen Jim Dolan, Tony Wrestler, you've seen Tony Wrestler. You've seen guys like Mark Lary, people that I've looked up and admired and studied my whole kind of adult life. And now you're in the room with 'em as colleagues. It's, it's really an incredible feat. And yeah, I've been dreaming about it probably for a long time. And I finally made the move. I just gotta ask the sport question since we on sports, how about them Damn Yankees. Oh Man. Oh, how, how does it feel to see what, what it's taken so long to get back to. And what do you think about the Yankees now? It seems like Yankee not Yankees, the base baseball is more exciting now. It's, it's, I'm, I'm watching the games more. The games are a lot faster.


It's fast pacing. So what is your, what is your, your thoughts on baseball now? Yeah, I I'm, I'm so excited. This is, I can go on and on about this, but I'll keep it tight. I would say that baseball has needed this moment for at least a decade. I'm so tired of people saying baseball's born and old. And look, we went through a little bit of so Tight. It was, it was born for, they got boring. But give commissioner Rob Manford and Tony Clark, the head of the union of, of the players. And they came up with the, the, The clock. Right. And made it a lot better. Pace made the bigger bases. Now they look like Domino's Pizza. Right, right, right base. And it is a game that's driven by markets and superstars and tradition and history.


And this World series here has it all. This is two franchises that have the two richest franchises and revenue and Star Power Global Yankee may be the number one franchise in The World. Dodgers may be top five. And I'm talking about all of sports, football, soccer, name it, you name it. Oh no. Cowboys number one baby. Yeah, yeah. Number one. Yeah. Cowboy fan of mine. Okay. But the Yankees are in that top five. Right. And when you look at the Yankees conglomerate is well worth over 10 billion. When you look at the Dodgers, well worth over 10 billion. Okay. I would say there's Tani and Judgers, two biggest Dodgers you can have, you're gonna have probably 15 million people watching Japan. Another 15 or 20 watching here. The fan bases, very interestingly, it's interesting when you go to Dodger Stadium, there's three type of fan bases.


You have the corporate financial institutions in Hollywood, you have the Mexicans that, you know, in Fernando Valenzuela who died. He was a big pioneer in that movement. And then the other third is now Japanese. And they, they're printing money like is no one's business. Tani because of Tani. And obviously the success they've had with Mark Walters, Todd Boley, they have an incredible ownership. Just Traded this ball For four and a half million dollars. That's right. 4.6. But they've had one championship in 37 years. The, the Yankees have won championship in 24 years. Wow. So both franchise are gonna be starving Tickets. I told Sean today are going for $40,000 behind home plate one ticket's. Wow. So if you want two that's 80 grand.


80 grand. A beer's probably 4,000. So it, it's, it's gonna be the most watched World Series is the Cubs in 2016. And you won. You won. You won. Right. The last one was oh nine. So we haven't been there in 15 years. So bring the glory days back to the Bronx. Yeah. Is t the best baseball player ever? I, And I, let me, let me add, let me say why. Yeah. I have never seen in my life that I've watched baseball, a pitcher as a designated hitter to hit that many home runs, to steal that many bases. And a manager allowing the pitcher to do it. Because usually you're scared. 'cause you don't want the pitcher to get hit by a pitch. You don't want him to hurt his arm while he's sliding. You don't want him to hurt his leg while he's running.


But he does it all. And he's amazing doing it. You know what's amazing? He's also six foot five and is the fastest guy on the field's. Crazy. And he also closes a hundred miles an hour. But I would say this, he, he's, I don't know if he's the best 'cause it's too early Emini here. Barry Bonds was the baddest son of a bitch I've ever seen on a field Emini. Here he is one bad sucker. Right. And the, the uniqueness about Tani is he's, Barry Bonds married with Roger Clemens and he's one, so is he the best hitter? I will still put Barry Bonds probably a bit ahead of him. Is he a better pitcher? I would still put Clemens on top of him, but combined is only a class of two. Tani and Babe Ruth. Jesus. My question, I don't, I don't know much about the players.


It's not about the players. My question is about is back to the family stuff you were talking about. My first thought was, so that moment with your mom changed your, like, thoughts on money and building money and family. How do you keep, now you got all these franchises and all this stuff. How do you keep, like, you take care of a lot of people, but when, how do you set your boundaries where it's like, no, because you gotta keep the money to make the money. But you also grew up watching so many people not have like, what's that battle like for you? Yeah. And you're from uptown, so everybody was calling you. Yeah. It's like, yeah, it's a great question. So in our company, look, we, we started with one little duplex about 20 plus years ago. And then we bought a fourplex and an plex. And over the last 20 years we've bought about $5 billion of multifamily apartments.


Hotels, single family houses. So we've gone from little mom and pop to mid-cap to institutional level. I have five direct reports in my company. And the good news about them, they're all way smarter than I am. So we vet things and we talk about what are the things that are important to us. We only play in places where we bring more than capital, right? As an example, baseball would be a place that we bring more than capital. 'cause we have a certain expertise there. Basketball is just another, you know, sports, right? So we, we we're good there, but the circle of competence is very small. And if it doesn't hit that bullseye, we're not looking at it. 'cause the number one thing you have to have in business is discipline. Understand who you are and what you do, and do it over and over and over and over again until you're bored with it.


I think On that, I think she was talking about family. I was talking about Personal pocket. I was going deeper. I'm talking about personally like what grandma or you know, From Family to, to date. Like you're, you're, you're also the celebrity, right? Yeah. Right. And people, your family, your booze, they don't understand what you're saying. The discipline. They just see, see what they need and they call you. How do you be like, no, I can't do that. That makes no sense. Got it, got it. For My discipline. So first of all, I, I'm almost 50 now, so I've had a lot of learning experience. I would say when I was in my twenties and thirties, that was a lot more challenging, right? But now when you're running businesses, you can give people opportunities where they can win. So as an example, my sister does all my personal real estate.


So if I'm buying a house for, you know, a dollar, she's making, you know, 3% on that or 6% on that. Okay. And my brother does. But they gotta Be, they had to be Competent. Now they, no, they, so it's not a giveaway for No. They know my, I don't play that game. You gotta be by the book. There's no nepotism. That's it. I, I'm, I'm a very tough boss. I would say that. But here are the rules. Rules of engagement. If you play by 'em, you are gonna get first bid. And if you perform, I'm gonna come back to you over and over again. If you don't perform, I, I have no problem quickly pivoting quickly. And it's not personal, it's business. That's right. Now when my mom calls, that's, that's surrender, Whatever. But was there ever a time where you had to explain to people the business, meaning like, they just report, oh, Alex Rodriguez gets a hundred million dollars contract and somebody comes to you and asks you for something like, bro, I gotta pay taxes, I gotta pay managers.


You have to explain that. Oh yeah, Yeah. Now thank God for me, I guess is I don't have a huge family. It's really, we're a family of five, right? My mom cousin and my, the three of us we're all the siblings. So we keep it tight and, and they've grown with me and they do great work and they work hard. And I'm, I'm really blessed to have people that really understand money and they have great work ethic comes from my mom. And on that aspect, I've been pretty fortunate. Can you expound on something, John, with that, that Arod said, he said bringing, bringing to the situation more than capital, he wanna be with situations. You wanna be involved in situations where you bring more than capital. Yeah. Well, most Emini here, the word capital comes from the work, the Latin root word copy tos knowledge in the head.


Hmm. The word credit comes from the latter word credit though, which is credibility has nothing to do with money. Banking actually is a trust business. It has nothing to do is it's about do I trust you? Do I, do you have credibility? And do you have the knowledge? Do you have the understanding? Relationship capital is really the real capital. Emini here. What's a country club? Why do you go to Harvard? Is Harvard gonna make you smarter than the state university? Maybe, maybe not. It's the context people, it's the relat the glass of 2024 is gonna hook each other up for the next 40 years. So that's why you go to a country club. That's why you go to a private club. That's why, that's why any, any hook, any small group is that's why you go to college. Other than the education is that, that con. So you gotta figure out what your capital is.


You gotta figure out who your circle is. That's why I said earlier, if you hang around nine broke people, you're gonna be the 10th. So you gotta, you know, you look at who, who A Rod's hanging around. He didn't mention a bunch of people he mentioned, we both mentioned, we both saw him last week. Magic magic's working in a business suit these days. Anybody in sports are entertainment. Now, now, now want you to canvas everybody who comes through here, anybody in sports and entertainment with a B in front of them, billion did it in business. That's right. They translated you can't sell enough. You, you cannot sell enough concert tickets, you cannot get enough, a big enough contract to become a billionaire. That's not the way income works. You gotta translate that into business.


Every literally, every athlete and every entertainer. Jay-Z business, Michael Jordan, Michael Jordan business, Dr. Dre Beats beat business. My man has got a billion dollar portfolio. That's why he can just be so cool and just, you know, understate don't need to scream and holler when he got the power. You don't need to use it, right? So, so it is about getting your mind right, all poverty, Charlemagne beyond sustenance, poverty, roof over your head, food on the table, reasonable healthcare, all other poverty's mindset. That's why I say there's a difference between being broken and being poor. Being broke is economic, but being poor is a disabling frame of mind.


A depressed condition of your spirit. And you must vow never to be poor again. We need, the first thing you gotta do is get your mind right and then the money will follow. Now for ki for parents listening, now when is a good time to start getting their kids involved in financial literacy? When you start breathing. So When you start spending money Emini here, you're spending money 24 hours a day. When you sleep, you're spending money. The bedsheets the go. The government didn't buy the bedsheets, the government didn't buy the alarm clock. You do, you did that. The government's not paying for your light bill, right? So check this out. We have a kids' account in the Atlanta Public Schools operation. Hope, by the way, everybody can go get financial coaching scholarship from Comp of The Breakfast Club. Call operational will give you a thousand dollars free scholarship.


Just because you mentioned Breakfast Club to get coaching accounts and get your credit score right? So we have it with Mayor Andre Dickens in Atlanta. We have a kids' account in kindergarten, 50 bucks in the kids' account. Now you may say, what's the big deal of that? If you have a, a bank account at kindergarten, you're 50% more likely to go to college. Hold on a minute, watch, check this out to j and b. If you have $50 in that account in kindergarten, you're 75% more likely to graduate from college because now you're connecting education with aspiration. The kid, the light's on the kids' head. Now you're talking about stocks and bonds and investment and Emini here. And don't, and don't put, don't create an investment account. Don't get aro me or you, you know, to come, you know, don't DJ envy go in and talk about cars, you know, talking about, because really there's technology these days, right?


Talk about, but through that it's investment. Now. Now the, now these kids, you, you hooked them, right? So it's about role modeling, it's about the language of money at the earliest age because this is the aspiration generation. We, we can literally build the next generation of America. We have to by the way. 'cause we're gonna be a majority of minorities literally. But we don't do that as country is done. But, but we can do that at kindergarten with a $50 hope savings account. Let Me add to John's answer, And I agree with everything he said, I'll give you a real life example. So I remember, I have two daughters, Natasha and Ella. Natasha's a sophomore at Michigan today. Ella's a junior in high school.


I remember when they were in kindergarten and second grade. And I said, all right girls, here's the deal. Every day pops drives you to school. I'm gonna give you three business lessons and on Friday be ready to pick your five companies for a portfolio. I'm gonna put a thousand dollars in each one of your accounts. And they were confused. And I said, well, you're overthinking it. Gimme five products that you use every day. Well, I use my phone Apple, are you on Instagram? Not yet, but I know what that is. Okay, meta social media, Google. 'cause I Google things. They wanted to get CVS because that's where mom takes 'em. And one more, maybe Disney And I put a thousand dollars every year. So it's not really about big numbers, it is really about the, the practice of the habit of honing your craft.


You look today, both their accounts got over 150,000, right? And they've outdone the performance of some of the smartest hedge fund people in The World because they kind of didn't overthink it. They thought really fundamentally about what they used. But they now, by the way, by the time they were junior freshmen in high school, they're like, dad, no more business. We're done. We're sick. But now I hear 'em as you know, many adults and they're repeating my language that they learned in first grade, second grade, third grade. That's right. Although they were fighting it, they were absorbing it. That's Right. You know, the biggest thing my, I'm sorry. You're fine. The biggest thing that my son, he who's nine, the thing that I love is my son watches Shark Tank. So he's nine. So he doesn't know you for baseball?


Mm. He knows you from Shark Tank. Wow. That's deep. And I pre and like I, I was talking on the phone, we was talking to business with somebody and he started asking me questions that I know that he got from someplace else. And I said this to the other day, he was asking me, so Dad, how much equity do you get in that deal? I'm like, where the fuck you getting that from? Whoa. And then he was like, well what about, he was like, well, whoa. I said, well, where did you hear about equity? And he's selling me Shark Tank. And he was like, yeah, I wanna know what royalty fees are. That's right. And this other, and, and now, And I was like, I just wanted to play baseball. But you know, it was just, it was great that they have these type of shows on there. And I know you gotta go. I know you had a question. Yeah, I do have a question. So y'all are talking about your families and y'all kids. And these two always talk about how when they locked into their marriages, everything like flourished for them. You talk about your baby girls a lot.


Last time you were here, you were talking engagement with J-Lo. I know you're right now dating Jacqueline. Is engagement marriage, is that a conversation for you right now? Like how does that, where does that fit in all of this business in the portfolios? Well, I'm very lucky to have an incredible person in my life. Jack's a Canadian. She's right outside of Detroit, which is very beneficial because my daughter goes to school in Michigan. So I got two for the price of one. So I'm already already cutting a good deal. So she's 20 minutes from Detroit. She's a former nurse. She's transitioned her nursing to an incredible business called Jack Fit, where she helps out, you know, thousands of women online get a better life.


I personally lost 30 pounds because of her. I haven't really thought about that. This is really the, the best place I've been in my life. I'm very fortunate, grateful to be where I am. I'm helping out tons of people involved, like you said, with the Timbers and the Lynx, and doing my Fox deal with the, the Yankees and the Dodgers. And I'm open to anything. But right now, I'll let you know if there's some big announcement coming, I would think maybe I'll come back. I would think it would be difficult for you to trust anybody in a real, you know what Emini here, like romantically, just because you are Arod, so the celebrity, but then the money, like, It's hard. It's hard for sure, but you know, you take your time, you try to surround yourself with people that are better than you.


And, but it's no question. It's, it's, it's difficult. Now that man is married John Ho Bryant. Oh yeah. Shades room. As, and, and you know, I've known her for 25 years. We've been married for six, but she has no agenda. She just loves me. Like, and you can feel it, right? And it's hard to trust people because you know, you're, you're not a person to them. You're just an opportunity. You're a, you're a cash register. And I've, and I've, I've had people like try to take me down because they didn't get what they wanted. So that makes you,


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


How y'all This weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus No time, like the present Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning Show. We are not Finished. We're on a hot Streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself, it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it stream for free this weekend. Applelight de Required


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms Inc.


Inside you two. Wolves are locked in battle. One thrives on fear and anger and doubt the other courage, wisdom and love. Every decision, every moment feeds one of them. Which wolf are you feeding? I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the One You Feed. I've been there homeless, addicted, and lost. I know the power of small choices to turn your life around. On this podcast, I sit down with thinkers, leaders and survivors to uncover what it takes to feed the good wolf. This podcast saved me. It's like having a guide for the hardest parts of life. The wolves are hungry. What will you feed them? Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Skittish. But you know, if you have the right relationship, as I said earlier, two plus two equals six, eight or 10. It, it really does enhance your life and roots you and ground you and they love you no matter what ups and downs, by the way. And so that, but that goes back Charlemagne to what you said about your circle. You know, as your world gets bigger, your circle should get smaller. That's right. As your world gets bigger, your circle should get smaller. I I would love to talk about a very quickly a mistake that I made because people hear about all these wins and we're doing this and doing that, that we don't, you know, they can't necessarily relate to that. You know, I made a mistake since I saw you last.


Mm. What happened in business? I sold a company. So technically it wasn't before I saw you. 'cause I saw the Promise Homes Company two years ago, but I just realized I made a mistake in the last month. So I invest just real talk trade. I've never said this before, but I invested three and a half million dollars in an investment account. I put in the market And I tell people, let it sit there. And I messed up. I I didn't take my own advice. The market went crazy. January, 2022, interest rates started going up 20 by, by March and April, the interest rates were still going up. Stocks were taking a beating. I had just put my money in the account January, 2022.


I had lost $500,000 in three months. So what did I do? Pulled it out. I pulled it out and put it in treasury bills. So I said, take my, take me to cash. I took it all and put it in treasury bills and just let it sit there. And so what happened? I asked my broker, not broker Rockefeller Capital Management as a family office. I asked him two weeks ago. So I'm just curious what would've happened if I had left it in? Well, you would've lost another $200,000. So it'd have been down $700,000, which is, you know, hold onto your butt cheeks. Right? But if you, but if you, but DJ Envy, if you had kept it in, just let it sit there. This is the magic of markets.


If you, this is this, this hurts. Don't repeat the John, you gotta stop that edit is gonna be crazy. 'cause he said hold on to your butt cheeks. DJ envy you just let it in. Just say it hurts. I had your Back. I don don't repeat. That's gotta be another way to say it. We understand what you said. Go ahead. If you Charlemagne, Oh no, they gonna know he get The, but I'll let you outta this complain. I'm out. So, So this really hurt because the guy told me if I had just done nothing, just let it sit there, let the markets do its thing that I'd have made the $700,000 back and another $700,000 on top of it.


Wow. Wow. I'd have doubled my money Wow. Over the losses if I did nothing. This is the magic. Why Did you do that? You got it to just let it sit. So, so if I had had, so by the way, I don don't, you didn't lose it all. I don't, I don't deny I don't be, I I don't beat myself up about this decision because if I had had money in the market in that account and had made some profits, so it was, it wasn't house money. Right? Okay. I would've left it in there. Okay? Because if I lost my profits, then that's fine. This was, this was core capital. My goal for this core capital was just to let it sit and had it, it was supposed, the goal of this money was to be safe. So somebody might be thinking about a 401k plan they've got at their employer, or they got a thousand dollars in that savings account. They don't want anybody to touch that, right? So think about that in that example.


So this was for me that, so I didn't, I didn't need to make any money. I just didn't wanna lose any on that particular investment. If I had made something, I would've left it there. So in hindsight, statistically I made a mistake. But from a, from a my, what my priority was, which was safety and security, not return. Right? I'm completely cool with it. I'm Just say, I'm just saying that as an investor, I tell people, put it in the market, what I say about homes, buy it and don't sell it. Right? It'll just go up in value. I I I'm just giving, I'm telling you, here's a guy who is pretty good at, in, at the investment in business game. And here's an example where recently you made a mistake. I made a mistake and paid for it. And the magic of markets, you make money during the day.


You build wealth in your sleep. Sleep. That's right. Why? Go ahead. I was gonna ask why would you put safe money on the market like that? Because they also tell you too, if it's something that you wanna keep safe and to not let, like you don't wanna lose it. You don't play with it. Like why would, Oh, this is a three, this is a great, this is a great conversation. And, and, And I, rod, if you have an example or, or please weigh in, there's three things that have never gone down in American history. I'm so glad you asked this GDP gross domestic product of this country, the income real estate values and stock market value, it goes up, there's a recession. It all recession means is it recedes. It recedes. And if you stick with it, it corrects above the line.


What, what people who are financially illiterate do is they get freaked out and they ah, and they sell it. Right? I had a townhouse in la I bought it for 220,000, went down a hundred some odd thousand dollars in 2008. You know, my, all my friends were telling me, sale, get rid of it. They're broke. So I didn't listen to them. I kept it, it at 7 1 2, 2 latte hair. Somebody listen to this, know exactly where I'm talking about latte and airport. I kept it. It was 1500 square feet. Oh yeah, I know what that said. You know what That said? I rented out to a police officer who didn't pay rent on time, but, but I, but he paid, ultimately he paid me, I paid the property taxes. I forgot about it. Five years later, I'm trying to buy a property for seven $50,000.


I'm like, where can I get seven 50 from? I called my, my, my broker black real estate broker in la I want you to sell this condo for me. Mind you, I bought it for two 20. It was last time I checked it was 1 50, 180. What can I get for that seven 50? All I did was let it sit there and it just went up in value. So I did a 10 31 tax free exchange, took the home in, in, in, allowed to, Harris sold it to seven 50, bought the other property for free with no tax impact. So you just don't go wrong. Investing in the biggest economy, the sole superpower in The World, the flight equality, people in China talking mess about us, they're investing here. Folks in Russia talking mess about us.


They're investing here, Iran, all these places talking mess about us in front of the camera. All of these folks, including Putin, investing in America. So we have this great thing in front of us called the sole superpower in The World, the biggest economy. And most of us are not taking advantage of it. So I love the stock market. The everything that you love is publicly traded. I, I got two more Questions. Not publicly traded yet, but Well, maybe we can take you public. Well, You know what I was gonna say is like, you know, Lauren, to answer your question is money's not emotional. That's It. Money doesn't care who owns it, that party or who, who, what pocket's in the, the emotional ones are the humans.


And what John Hope is talking about is something that 90% of Americans do is they panic when things go down. But when you see guys like Tony Wrestler or Warren Buffet was the greatest investor in The World. Tony's a friend of ours, a billionaire, Tony Wrestler, who's hos I ring black man, Tony. I love Tony. When, when John is selling that situation, Warren, Warren Buffett is buying. That's right. And buying a lot of it. So if you can remove your emotions from investing, which is really hard to do and counterintuitive it, it money doesn't care about you. As long as you know that and you're playing the long game and know that along the long way you're gonna have some hiccups. How do emotionally you gonna be prepared to do that and not overreact? Right? But when things go down, do you have, you know, the guts to kind of go in under make sure you understand the business and what you're doing, right?


I would suggest do this with a professional, but thinking about a philosophy, big picture before it happens is being prepared. It's like in baseball, I'm thinking, if this ball gets hit to me, I'm gonna throw it to Jeter or I'm gonna throw it to CC or whatever. Same thing with markets. If I have, you know, four, $4 million or 400,000 or 4,000 and the market goes to 3000, what am I gonna do? Am I gonna, you gotta know that before it happens and anticipate and have a little bit more of a proactive approach. By the way, on that example to what again, he's, he's a, it's like double down on a good investment. At the same time I pulled out of that investment with the cash. I bought some real estate in another country, Turks and Caicos. I bought it for 2 million in the same time period.


It was, it's now worth 3.6 million. So I I, I lost a little bit here on return, but I gained over here almost doubling my money on real estate, secured real estate. And so I achieved my objective just not in the way that I Different ways. Yeah, in different ways. I Was just gonna ask for somebody listening, maybe possibly thinking about buying their first property, their first investment property or even their first house, or even thinking about refinancing the home that they have. What do you say to them? Do they wait until after the election? 'cause a lot of people are saying, wait till after the election, this, that, and the other. But what do you say to somebody that's trying to buy a home right now? Interest rates shot up since COVID, I'm sure we're never gonna get to 2.9% ever again in life. No, that's definitely So what do you say to those individuals listening right now that thinking about buying their first investment property, their first home, or even refinancing their home?


I have a strong opinion, but go ahead. You, you go first. Well, I would say, look, I, I have a different outlook when it comes to houses. I don't think houses is necessarily an investment is an investment to your lifestyle is an investment. And for a lot of Americans, it is your biggest investment, right? Because it is the biggest asset you own and you got correct usually a 70, 75% mortgage or whatever it is. But I, I would say buy a home that you can afford. Buy a home, locking your rates. So I, I like locking in for five or seven years, so I know exact, I'm almost renting the house. I know exactly what my, what my nuts gonna be every month, right? That's really important. And I would say buy a house that you're gonna be, be happy in, that you're gonna be able to raise your kids, they're gonna be safe and, and locking your interest rates and understand that you have to be able to afford these payments no matter what happens.


Right? And give yourself a margin of error, right? A safety net. But I do think that interest rates could lower, but I, I'm not into timing markets when it comes to my personal houses, but I defer to John. But I, but to say that I, I would always say that to people that are looking for their first property, if they necessarily don't know enough scared, I always would say get a multiunit, right? Because that way they can rent out other units and make sure that they can pay their bills until they're more successful. Take their equity out and get their own property. That's why I would say multiunit. What what's your thoughts on that? So the key, the key with what Alex just said was he said houses, okay, so you, this is a whole nother situation. Don't, that's why he's not all in the houses as an investment. He's got houses plural. That's a different tax bracket.


Correct? The average person listening to this, please listen to me as fast as you can buy a home. The number one way you build wealth in America is home ownership. The average African American, we, 41, 42, 40 3% of us own a home compared to 75% of our white counterparts. That 30% delta, that difference is massive home ownership. And, and, and prices are not going down. When I start buying those 700 homes from the Promise Homes company, by the way, Tony Rester was one of my partners and Michael ati, who we've been talking about a couple here a couple times here, good guys. And I ran it up to $150 million of, of assets under management of that particular portfolio.


I bought for 88,000. I sold 'em at 350,000. No one moved the house. There was no genius to it. It's a magic of, of compounding. And if you, and, and, and so if these, they're not going any more land. A lot, most of the places where we live are inner cities. What's an inner city in France? It's called Paris. What's an inner city in Britain? It's called the uk. Like we have centrally located real estate and we're walking away from it to rent to some from somebody we don't know to spend money. We don't have to impress people. We don't know to talk about stuff that don't matter. Like knock it off, buy the worst house and the best block in the hood. DA hyphen HOD, the hood adjacent, buy it near transportation, economic economy, economic activity, activity and a vibrant environment.


Buy it, rehab it, live in it, use equity a couple years later and buy, I know you know what I'm talking about here at DJ MV, buy the second home three years later, you do that three times over five to six years. This is my mother's story. Worked in an hourly job. You're a millionaire and you can get the down payment through the earned income tax credit, right? You can go to Operation Hope to, we can help you get qualified for EITC. If you're making $38,000 and have three children, the government owes you about $7,000 cash. So you just gave everybody listening to this who makes $38,000 a check and it's retroactive for three years. If you've never filed, that's almost $20,000. There's your down payment right there, right? So we can, and get your credit score up, get your debt down, get your savings up, get into that house.


'cause it costs just as much to rent as it does to pay a mortgage payment. You're right. Interest rates are 2% are not coming back. That's fine. 4%, 5% is just fine. That's still very, very low. But prices are not coming down people. Oh, I'm gonna wait. No, no, no, don't wait. It's gonna get worse. It's gonna get more expensive. Buy right now Let me ask, lemme go ahead. Why I don I just add one thing to that because I think when it comes to finances, especially in our communities, people get foggy and the listeners, they're so smart that they don't even believe, they don't even understand how smart they are. Problem is America's kind of confused them with all these acronyms and you know, ROI and all these like fancy terms, you know?


And what they have to understand is their gut and their instincts is, is the best asset they have. The best asset class is talent number one. But I'm gonna do something here. What's your favorite basketball player of all time? Me? Yeah, just name one. LeBron. LeBron, MJ Iversson. Okay, perfect. Alright. So in this case, if we were to say, all right, we're gonna go to the park and play two on two basketball, pick your partner and, and you are gonna win a million dollars. Okay? You pick LeBron, you pick mj, you pick Iversson, you guys are all solid. Okay? Now we say the same drill and we say, okay, now you won the million dollars. Okay, who are you gonna give it to? Oh, I grew up with a guy in high school And I'm gonna give it to him.


And I don't understand how in one case, you, you, you are so intelligent by picking your partner. But when it comes to controlling your personal finances, which is the single most important decision you make besides your wife or your partner, right? That's right. Is you go pick some high school guy that you know, or someone, one that is basically a, a guy that didn't make it in Wall Street or didn't make it in Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan. So taking the same approach as going to play basketball And I, picking the Best of the best, go find the very, very best. And it's okay if you pay him a little bit more, but you can go wrong when you pick the very best. And I finds great analogy And I find too many times people don't pick the LeBron James, Michael Jordan, or Alan Iversson to handle their money or to partner with. I would tell your son, son, pause in that restaurant. Who's the best restaurant people in The World?


I have a great platform. I'm your dad. Let's go see if we can put 5,000 'cause they're put in 5 million and put a shoulder to shoulder and don't cover me fees. Just let me win. And if that 5,000 becomes 15,000, then I can run it back and run it back. So the competitive advantage we all have to identify is, and, and with complete self-awareness is what is my weakness, my blind spots, and what are my assets? Well, for all three of you, you have an incredible platform. So if I have a company that needs eyeballs, I may come to you and say, Hey, you guys wanna throw in 25 grand? Don't worry about big numbers. It really pisses me off because it's what what kept my mother out of investments, right? And what we are trying to do is democratize this whole thing's, right? And simplify it's That's right. Both in opportunity and in verbiage.


So if you have $2,000 and somebody like 20 wrestlers put in 20 million, say, Hey Tony, can I put in 2000? And I guarantee you a guy like Tony will find a way that's right to bring you along. Yeah. Can I wanna ask a question? 'cause I think sometimes we have these conversations and we have these conversations from our perspectives, right? Well y'all in a different tax bracket, but I'm just saying everybody here for the most part has money. What about people who have no money? People from all communities who have $0? How do the poor even get to the middle class? I got you there. I Emini here. He's the master. But I'm just gonna give you like really simple, right? Money's the easiest part to get. And I know this sounds crazy to to, to the folks listening, right? Money. There's over a trillion dollars sitting on the sidelines looking for great deals.


So if you don't have money, can you find deal flow? Can you hustle? If you find me an asset that costs $10 million and you bring in me, you bring it to me for eight, you basically own $2 million of of that a hundred percent. So if you bring me a $10 million deal, right? And I can buy it for eight, you say, Hey, gimme a million dollars on that. I'll give you, because I'm still getting a million dollar discount, I'm paying nine for a $10 million asset, so I'm getting a discount. So looking for opportunities, understanding where the train is going and you as an entrepreneur says, how do I get in the way? So when that train goes by, I can jump on and and jump in that bandwagon, right? It's creating opportunities. If you find deals, you got money. Is that possible for everyday people to achieve? Yeah, Absolutely. Yes. Okay. Absolutely. Yes, yes. You know, you can buy a, you can open a fractional stock account and put in $25 to buy some stock.


Now you, you spend that on Starbucks. You can, you can do, you can do 10 bucks, you can do five bucks of fractional stock on any stock that you want. So there's no excuse. If you wanna get in this game Operation Hope will help you. Again, if you're listening to Breakfast Club, we'll give you a scholarship for coaching and counseling. We're gonna get your credit score up. The average credit score for black people, by the way is six 20. Latinos are a little above that notch more, but you're locked. That means half of us are locked outta the free enterprise system. You can't get a decent home loan at anything below 700. You can't get a decent auto loan below at six 50. You can't get a, a business loan at all unless there's 700 better because it is risky credit. So we think that issue is racism or discrimination. It might be, but it also might be that you don't understand there's a game, there's a box, a credit box, and you're not in it.


So the bank is like, you're just not a good credit risk. So what we've done is we know to get your credit score up, your debt down, your savings up with hope. So the bank will say yes at midnight. The bank, the computer doesn't know what color you are. That computer will say yes, somebody's listening to this and saying, is he talking about debt? Yes, it's called good debt, bad debt's, financing jewelry, good debt is financing a home mortgage, financing a business, right? Going into an investment in Arod to do a multifamily apartment building, which is his bread and butter. That so good debt is tied to something that might appreciate bad debt is tied to something that will depreciate every billionaire, you know, has used good debt. Every city or or country that grows, including this one, has used good debt.


There's nothing wrong with debt as long as you're intelligently using it. The question about can any person win? I can make almost anybody a millionaire, if you follow again, he talked about basically good habits being disciplined. If you come to operation Open, you follow our plan within five years, you're a working class Perkin making $48,000. We will give you a plan and make you a millionaire in five years. It's not complicated, but you have to have discipline. You have to live below your means. You have to understand this game. You've got to be financially literate and, and, and everybody can be a winner at this game. I'd love to come back at some point. We need to talk about a whole nother, this whole thing about relationship capital, which you talked about a little bit.


Like behind all of us is a backer. That's right. A partner that we're not talking about magic has it? I know who they are and Alex And I, I, I mentioned, I I love talking about Tony Wrestler and Michael Getty, right? They, they, they, they, they backed me $80 million And I paid them back plus 7%. Right? It's important 'cause our community feel like capitalists, you said talk about making smart, sexy, they feel like that's a bad thing. A lot of people, not everybody, but a lot of people in our community feel like capitalism is a horrible thing. Having people back you is a horrible thing as well too. Yeah. So people say this, go for step further. Oh, I hate rich people. No, you don't. You hate rich people till you become rich.


What you hate is a game system to your point, right? What you hate is a system that's rigged so that you don't think you can succeed. The money's not evil. It's the love of money that's evil. It's the greed ambassador Andrew Young says that men and women fail for three reasons. Arrogance, pride, and greed. What, what did, what did Malcolm X say? We've been bamboozled, we've been tricked, we've been fooled, we've been hoodwinked, we've been hoodwinked on this topic. Black people, I'm, I'm, I'm picking on black people 'cause I'm black. We, we have never had an economic infrastructure in the history of our, of of, of us being here. That's our problem. The government's not gonna save you. Even if you wanna distribute money like a socialist, you gotta collect it like a capitalist.


So we have gotta un what's the entertainment business? The, the business of entertainment, the sports business. It's the business of sports. What we don't understand is the business, I'm gonna give you a a a a I'm, I've never said this and and it's, it builds on Alice on what you were saying. I'm gonna give everybody here free game. Jay-Z's did a basically a financial literacy album called 4 4 4, that's right. You said, I'm gonna give you a million dollars worth of game for nine point 99. This is no 99. There are about a hundred trillion dollars about to co hit the market in the next 10 years. All these baby boomers are retiring at the same time. They're gonna give their cash and their stock to their kids.


They're gonna give their house to their family. Kids don't want the business. Those businesses have cash flow clientless real estate a brand. They're sitting, what did, what did Alex 80 you a minute ago, bring me an asset for 10 million that I can get for 8 million and, and you have the upside between eight and 10. So these business, so if you come to me and say, I have a startup idea. Give me a a million dollars, I'm like, get outta here. Right? You come to me and say, I've got a business that's got a million dollars of cash flow. That's got a, that's got got a, a valuation of $10 million. Will you finance that? The, the acquisition. So one time, one time ca so revenue got $10 million in this example says $10 million of revenue.


Will you submit finance a a $9 million acquisition? The answer to that is absolutely yes. Nonrecourse meaning no personal guarantee. Wall Street does that all day. It's called private equity. So you got literally trillions of dollars worth of businesses that are about to hit the market. And people listening to this can go become capitalists right now with an existing cash flow business, existing assets, existing employees, not no risk, but low risk because it's already successful. So we need to stop being self-employment projects because 96% of all black businesses don't have an employee. I don't know what the Latino numbers are, but, but you, but again, you build wealth in your sleep. It's compounding.


This is a huge opportunity. So If you have, in sports, it's so easy, I always use sports as a great metaphor 'cause it teaches about life and business, right? If you say, you know, who's a better basketball player, Shaq or John, well, they walk in the room immediately, a hundred percent will say Shaq, right? Business is exact opposite. Like if let's say you have 4,000 billionaires in The World today, 4,000 just for a number, and you say everyone press delete, everyone goes to zero. The math will tell us and the science will tell us, and the data will tell us that in 10 years you'll have basically the same 4,000 be billionaires again. Because what it is like Shaq is a set of skills and is an ear, and is a rewiring of the brain.


So all of us here walk into opportunities every single day, but it's tanning taking your eyeballs and your brain and your ears to think about opportunities when you hear 'em. So you hear opportunities all the time. You know, poor guy in a rich guy go through a bad neighborhood. The poor guy goes, God, what a terrible neighborhood. I would never want to live here. The rich guy goes, let's try to see if we can buy all this up on a cheap 'cause in 10 years you're gonna be different. You go to a barbershop and you hear through a terrible divorce and you hear this gossip all the time and you guys are here, man, what a terrible situation to have to sell their house. I have to sell their car. If you're an entrepreneur and you hear, oh, that might be an opportunity, well maybe I can not, not to take advantage of anyone, but if you have to sell your house quickly, maybe I can provide a, a a quick buy and sell for you off market.


This is not personal. And there goes that $7 million deal for 10, right? So it's about a rewiring of the brain and looking at opportunities and not looking at problems because problems is really opportunities. Well, ladies and gentlemen, John O'Brien, Alex Rodriguez And the forum is happening December 9th to the 11th in Atlanta, Georgia. Man, that's right. I'll, I'll be there. That's right. Absolutely. We'll give you, I'm sure you'll come back before that. Alright, well it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss, I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 Plus Terms, Inc.


Do you want a shortcut? To the best version of you, here it is. Feed the Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, the Best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on The really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go To really no really.com and Register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.