
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. And Monday night Football, the Broncos beat the Browns 41 32. All right. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feeling? This? Hey girl. Morning Peace Morgan. All right, it's giving Tuesday, but You know I'm not gonna get too much into that just yet because the only thing giving right now are these reactions to President Biden Pardoning His Son. So Biden initially promised that he would not pardon or commute hunter sentence on a hunter's sentence on federal gun and tax evasion charges.


In case you missed it. Let's roll tape on Biden to hear those comments. I said I abide by the jury decision And I will do that. And I will not pardon him. So Biden initially or promised, excuse me. Yes. So Republicans and some Democrats, of course, like you mentioned earlier, envy are not happy with this. Pardon? In Biden claim. Claim claiming that Biden put his family above the country or ahead of the country. Meanwhile house he did What? What other reason was he doing this for? The White House is defending Biden's decision to pardon? In His Son Hunter saying the decision came just this past weekend. Kareem Jean Pierre, the press secretary, she spoke to reporters as Biden boarded Air Force one to travel to Africa yesterday.


He has headed to Angola. Let's hear more from White House press Secretary Kareem Jean Pierre on the, pardon. Those who were late paying their taxes because of serious addictions, but paid them back subsequently with interest and penalties are typically given non-criminal resolutions. It's clear that Hunter was Treated differently. How you I was just about to say who, who get non-criminal 'cause Yeah, like you said, not when you're black woman. When you're black. I'll speaker Mike Johnson. He also criticized the decision in a opposed on X saying Biden is abusing the justice system. Now your comments, Charlamagne has been picked up all over You know across many TV networks. What are you making of this? Now that You know the, the dust has settled a little bit anyways.


I feel the same way I did yesterday. And You know Biden wouldn't be in this position if he didn't say You know a few weeks ago that he wasn't gonna pardon His Son because he's the one who said he wouldn't do it because he has a respect for the rule of law. That's his fault. Because Democrats always want to act like they stand on this moral high ground. Like be unapologetic about it. Trump don't explain why he pardons his people, but he also doesn't act like he's above doing things like that. Well, people Could change their mind though, right? Maybe he thought that Kamala Harris was gonna get in office and he was like, we'll take care of it later. And then when he realized Kamala was losing, he is like, nah, I'm not playing this game. I'm gonna get my son outta here. Now ab people can change their mind. Sure. Right. But, but once again, don't act like you're a, you're standing on this moral high ground. Don't state things like you respect the rule of law.


'cause 'cause that's not something that should change. Right? You should always respect the rule of law. Of course. So don't And I. No. When you on your way out, things may change. Right? And and he might be his on his way out, way out. But You know, it's funny to me when I, when I hear Trump start talking about, oh, I can't believe he doing, I'm like, do you see all the people that Trump pardoned? Yeah. He pardoned His Son, his, his son's stepdad. He pardoned everybody. So once again, Republicans are more sincere about their lies than Democrats are about their truth. I've been saying that for years and it has not changed as and and You know what Biden should be doing. He, he should, since he's a proud author of things like the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act and the 94 crime bill. He should pardon everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense. I agree. We, we've been, that's something else we've been saying for the last couple of years.


Absolutely. If you in federal prison right now for a nonviolent weed offense, Joe Biden should Pardon you. And this, and this is a full party, right, Morgan, where he can't be charged or tried for 10 years between the last, last 10 years. Right. From 2014 to 2024. It's thing ever red thing. Absolutely. Yes. So the prostitutes and all that just party Stuff in Ukraine. He's aware of all Biden's crimes. He's aware of all his son's crimes, Anything. Yep. And he cleaned them up. Speaking, Speaking of which, Chad Chronister, who is the Hillsborough County Sheriff, he has been nominated by President-elect Trump to head the Drug Enforcement Administration. Now the funny thing about Chronister is his father-in-law, Eddie Debar DeBartolo, who you mentioned earlier, he is the former San Francisco 49 ERs own owner who was pardoned by Trump during his first term after the 1998 plea deal in a Louisiana gambling case.


Now, okay. The, the, the father-in-law of the DEA elect or select anyways by Trump. So tra Chronister, he, his agency has participated in DEA programs on a local level to fight the opioid crisis. Let's hear more from him. Track I Couldn't't feel more privileged and thankful that the DEA has now brought the de the, the 360 program here to the Tampa Bay area to help us combat this crisis. This is not an epidemic that we're gonna arrest our way out of It is gonna take treatment, prevention, education, and obviously enforcement.


Yeah. That's the Drug Enforcement Administration, the DEA. So of course Chronister. He has been in law enforcement for three decades, sheriff at Hillsborough County since 2017. And he went on to say he has committed to stopping the drug traffickers and keeping their highly addictive drugs off our streets and out of our neighborhoods. So, yeah. So it's cool when they do it, it's a problem when I Do listen once again. Once again though, Trump is unapologetic about it. Right. P his people giving them jobs in his administration and not explaining it are acting like he's above doing things like that. Right. Right. That's the difference. Very much so. Alright. Looks like we're running outta time, but again, it's, it is giving Tuesday. So nonprofits are looking for your support today.


The occasion happens on the first Tuesday after Thanksgiving each year following Black Friday, small Business Saturday and Cyber Monday. The effort has been growing in popularity in recent years with more than $3 billion in donations made on Giving Tuesday in 2023. For those who are looking for a local organization to support, great nonprofits.org has reviews for charities that are searchable by state based on where you live. So if you're looking to give, today is the day to do it. Give every day Giving Tuesday. It's today. Alright. Yeah. The more front page news about where your president is and where your president elect is coming up at seven. Alright. Wake That ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get some front page news now. Last night at Monday night Football, Broncos beat the Browns 41 32. All right. Now where we starting Morgan? We starting with the president. He has headed it overseas. And good morning to y'all. How y'all feeling? Morning? Good, good. All right. Yeah. So President Biden, he's the first sitting president to visit the African Nation of Angola this week. His trip is scheduled through the fourth and we'll begin with a meeting with the president of Angola at the capital of Luanda. Now the White House says the goal is to deepen ties between the two countries and highlight recent US investments in the African nation. Now the US is supporting a railway project that will export minerals from Central Africa to the Ang part of libido.


Biden was initially set to go to Angola back in October, but the trip was postponed because of Hurricane Milton. And he stayed behind to respond to the aftermath of Milton. Now meanwhile, president elect Trump, he's headed to Paris this weekend in, in a post on truth social on Monday, he said he'll travel on Saturday to attend the reopening of Notre Dame. The Notre Dame Cathedral, which has been fully restored after a devastating fire five years ago, he added that French president, Emmanuel Macron has done a wonderful job re ensuring Notre Dame has been restored to its full level of glory. It'll be Trump's first he was elected to a second term in office last month.


Also, president-elect Trump's cabinet picks or making rounds with senators on Capitol Hill. Former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondy is Trump's nominee for ag. This comes after Matt Gates. The whole Gates situation. The Gates Gates situation happened. And of course she met with Republican Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa. Let's hear from them at the Senate Judiciary Committee. I hope that you feel the honor that you should feel for having this nomination from President Trump. I do. Chairman, should I earn the, the trust and the, the nomination from all of the, the Senators. I will do my best every day to work tirelessly for the American people.


And I will make you the President in our country. Proud. Now, it is important to note that the Attorney General of the Ag is supposed to be a bipartisan position. It is. And it is a position that needs to be confirmed by the Senate. Now Grassley is the incoming chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee. And of course, Trump has named over 2000 people to top positions in his administration. Now, the latest is Cash Patel, who we talked about yesterday to replace FBI director Christopher Ray, who ironically is a Republican initially appointed by Trump back in 2017. Christopher Ray would, excuse me, Patel would be replacing Ray, which mean Trump would have to force him to step down. Now Patel is the former Justice Department prosecutor.


Any thoughts on these things? No. See, oh no. All right. And again, California lawmakers are starting to starting a special session that would request at the request of Governor Gavin Newsom who says he wants to Trump proof his state. Now, political analyst Mike Lure, says this is about optics as Newsom positions himself for a possible run in 2028. Let's hear from Mike Lurie, the political analyst on this. Newsom wants to expand his national profile and position himself as the anti-Trump. And it's worked in some ways. He's gotten lots of attention, including a big New York Times article, giving him the national press that he craves. Yes. So Lurie goes on to say that Newsom has three problems right now.


California is a toxic brand with more than 800,000 people leaving the state since 2020. He also says that President-elect Trump ha is also more popular than Newsom nationwide being the, and the anti-Trump thing that he's doing, Newsom is doing. He said it's not necessarily a winning strategy. And he also went on to say that Newsom is asking for money when the state is facing a $2 billion deficit. So none of this is supposedly work going to work in his favor. According to this political analyst. Now Newsom is asking the legislature for $25 million to fund possible litigation if the Trump administration enacts rules that impact California policies. Now, I'm not sure if this is a good disbursement of resources considering that who would prosecute the forthcoming administration, especially when Trump is making all of these appointments and nominations.


So as you are talking about You, know the Dems, rallying, trying to figure out You know what strategies are working. What are your thoughts on this? I I'll say one thing about Gavin Newsom and I, I, I think I said this before, but I enjoy his media strategy. Like You know, he's been going on Fox News for the past year. I think we all remember the debate he had with Ron DeSantis on Fox News. He's got his own podcast with Marshawn Lynch and, and Doug Hendrickson, which I think is very important because it's a way to build real connection and trust with people. And I. I like how Gavin Newsom makes everything. He's doing a story. We heard about him visiting counties that flipped red in California. Now we hear about him trying to trump proof California.


He knows how to make everything news. And that's something that all politicians who are thinking about 2028, they need to be doing now. Like, don't wait until 2026 to start your campaigns. You gotta start campaigning right now. And I think he's doing that with his media strategy. And I think him having that podcast politicing with Marshawn Lynch and Doug Hendrickson is very important. 'cause Marshawn Lynch brings like a just a certain level of of reason in in reality to it. Right. While, while, while, while Gavin is there talking politics, You know, I I think it's a very good podcast. I think, I think, I think everybody who wants to run in 2028 should have some, some have their own platform. I think Wetmore should have his own platform. I think Josh Shapiro should have his own platform.


I think Governor Whitman should have her own platform. Like all of them should have their own platform. Gavin Newsom is ahead of the curve on that And exercise some of that unapologeticness like You know the president Nicki Haley. Nicki Haley, I was on her show last week. She's got her own radio show on SiriusXM. So all of these people who are gonna be in the mix for 2028 You know some of them are ahead of the curve, like the Gavin Newsom's and Nikki Haley's. 'cause they, they, they got their own platforms. Right Now you're saying straight from the source farm to table. That's right. That's right. That's what we want that right. All right. And bringing things home to New York, KA Governor Kathy Hoel is kicking off a statewide campaign to raise awareness about New York's paid parental leave policy, which takes effect in the new year. Dang. Jess, you had a baby too early. Hey, Hoel said Yeah.


She's heard stories from struggling moms and moms to be about how they skipped pregnancy related medical appointments. Governor Hoel describes how pregnant workers will benefit from New York's paid parental leave policy. Let's hear more from New York. Governor Kathy Hoel To take the time off work because they would be leaving money with their employer and not in their packet books. When they're trying to deal with the ever escalating costs of life in America, they just, if they need to take a couple hours off for a doctor appointment up to 20 hours during the pregnancy, the employer is required to continue their normal wages. So damn Effective January Morgan. I think it's a prenatal leave policy. Prenatal, isn't it? Prenatal. Prenatal.


Paid Prenatal. Damn. So Effective January 1st pregnant workers will be able to take up to 20 hours of paid time off for such appointments. The campaign will notify eligible New Yorkers and businesses about the policy she signed into law back in April via subway ads, social media outreach, and virtual media tour and more. So if you're pregnant and you will be pregnant throughout the first or the top of the year and you're in New York, You know, make sure you take advantage of these 20 hours. Time off if you need it. So yep, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnnews.com.


Thank y'all. Happy Tuesday. Giving Tuesday Kiss something. Hell Morgan Lo high. Yo. Thank you Morgan. Oh, not yet. Not yet. But You know soon. Lemme get some, lemme get something from that. I got you. Astoria. Got Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company,


Hey is Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and income.