
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization, from festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply This Christmas.


So, you're her, right? You're the boxer Experience, the incredible true story. As long as I'm Boxing, I'm Gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout, crowd pleaser. I've been trained for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day, Big Bang. It is what it is, man. DJ scream. You don't be on nothing. I'll be on Baby Jade. Okay, so let me ask y'all this then. Bring you big, Big Facts Right now. Visit The new website today, Big Facts.


paw.com. Live from the coach. 11 a TL. It's time for that. Big Facts, big bank. What up baby? Jade, what up DJ Scream. I'm here. Welcome in Today. The one and only by High Demand. Yes, we got him here. DAVID BANNER is all big back. DAVID BANNER. DAVID BANNER. Hey, can I say something before we start out? Man, I, I wanna see how proud I am for all y'all, man. I watched all y'all evolve, bro. You looking good. You down a hundred man. And, And I just been watching how your perspective man in your mind has been evolving over time, bro. Like, and for you to do that and for you to do that in front of people, most people that come from the background that we come from, bro, they not comfortable with that. Right. And that's real manhood.


Yeah. And I'm proud of y'all. Appreciate it. And man, like I'm, I'm, I'm looking at the studio, I'm watching, you know, you know, we in a different, I'm saying, do I have, do I have permission to go? I have ground, yes, I got permission, right? It's on tape and spring, you know, bro, we, me and you have like talks two our talks, our talks every time we get an opportunity to about family. It's crazy because this, this thing went viral about me wanting to be married.


And I saw that. And children, bro, have I always not wanted. Yeah, for sure. And and the crazy thing, I, I put a song out on the God box that said marry me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, I've always wanted that, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And bro, for, you know, to, to, to watch you all's evolution. And I just want y'all to know what, what took me so long to come on the show was that I realized that artists have started selling out in a different way that people don't know. Right? People think selling out is selling out to the man, or, you know, that has something to do with money. But they have reduced artists, people, your music is free now. They don't even think music is worth it.


No matter how much money you spend on music, how dope it is, they wanna know who you having sex with. They wanna know who your mama is where you are at all times. And we, why You arguing with your baby Daddy? Right? And we've given it up on different platforms and not even know it. Like everywhere that you go, everything that you doing as a black man in America, I refuse to do that. So it's like, think about it, man. Think about this. Y'all really think about this. You can't name too many things that's connected with hip hop that has something positive to say about hip hop. Right? Think about it. Rappers don't like rappers. Hip hop blogs don't like rappers. Mm. Like, don't know. It's crazy.


Most people in The World don't like rappers no more. It's like it has turned in on itself and our people have allowed that. So for you all to stay who you are, man, and to be successful to, to have big TVs, white Big Facts at the same time. I just want y'all to know I'm proud of y'all. Make sure, bro. So Look, I wanna start this off right, because even though like your household name and a worldwide figure and your philanthropy like imminently precedes you, there may be some people out there that aren't familiar with your background and where you come from. So I want you to just talk about how it was like growing up in Jackson as a black boy, black man.


Because I know a lot of people have seen like different movies like Mississippi Burnings and you know, the likes of that sort, but they don't really know what it was actually like to be down there and experience that in real Time. Being in Mississippi was probably the most beautiful thing that could have happened to me in my life. One thing that I tell people all the time is my favorite type of white person on this planet is a white person from Mississippi. All I ever wanted from anybody, black, white, alien is the truth. Can I say fuck? Of course. Come on man. Truth is the fucking truth, right? And so, like in Mississippi, if a white boy don't like you, he'll try to kill you.


If the white boy like you, he'll die for you. So at least you know where you stand. Yeah. Like a white boy in the hood in Mississippi, you know, he stand though. It ain't no question. And there's certain lines that you don't go across. And I would rather that than you sitting next to a white boy for 40 years and then they soaking your pension up and then you retire and you don't have no money. And he been smiling in your, your face for 40 years. You feel me? So like Mississippi was the most beautiful thing in The World because it gave me this harsh truth that some people, especially some white people, didn't see until Trump. You know what I'm saying? Like, I remember being, I remember I, I remember being on CNN and this white lady was talking and she was like, yeah, it's been a bad couple of months.


And I was like, nah, it's been about 500 for black folks, not 500 years. Yeah. It's been a 500 done for us. And she was like, Ugh. Never thought about it that way. Right? You know? So for me, Mississippi was beautiful. Mississippi taught me about all the things that people front on about the south, people talk, all of that stuff. But they want more land. They want, they want healthy food. Look at how they plan with our food. You feel what I'm saying? Now, people want to be in Mississippi, they want to be in South Carolina, they wanna move to Tulsa, Oklahoma. You know what I'm saying? They wanna move like, like, like they give us these wrong pictures about Africa. But that's what every continent on this planet is trying to move in and trying to co-opt all of the places where our people are indigenous, where the most sun is and the most land the healthiest people them find women.


You know what I'm saying? What ju I say I like the big five women, you know? Yeah. And so it's like Mississippi and Farrakhan told me this, like Mississippi is, you even look at the, the, the, the, the Mississippi River running, it's like the Nile River in Africa. Like that's the closest thing that you can get to the motherland. And so, you know, that's going to be the place, that's gonna be the co that's gonna be co-opted the most, you know, that's why I look at, you know, Mississippi and South Carolina as those places. And if you think about, if you think about the Civil War, if them other folks would've won the Civil War, Mississippi would've probably been, you know, or Jackson probably would've been LA and, you know, New York or what, what the East coast would've been considered as would've been in South Carolina.


Mm. And if you look at the two main slave ports, you feel me? Man, That's what I was just, bro, that's what I was just getting ready to say. So, so, so, so, and, and, and from an Ancestral standpoint, right? Yes. Right. And so, you know, for me, unless your parents came from the islands, you gotta give it up to that. Yes. You, you, you gotta give it up to that. And I'm so proud that God gave me an opportunity, especially being someone who cares about black people the way that I care about 'em. And I'll tell you all this, I had to realize something, and it's almost to the contrary of what we talked about before, but I think it's important for me to say if I, if, if, if our people knew how to treat us, And I'm speaking about Big Facts and DAVID BANNER, right?


If they knew how to treat us, then nine times outta 10, they would know how to treat themselves. And if they knew how to treat themselves, then they wouldn't need us. Mm. So a lot of times we get upset because our people don't understand. But that's why we were sick. Mm. And that is part of our job, but not to the point where we put our lives and our legacy and detriment. I learned that from you, Sir. Yes. Gotta protect our lives. Big Facts, Jack. They gotta start with us. Yeah. We, we, we, we love our people. We love the people, but you gotta take care of yourself or you won't be here. Right. You play Jesus and wonder why you always end up on the cross. Mm. It ain't your job to save The World. You just supposed to get a message. That's It. Yeah.


Yeah. Come on. Let go. Y'all. At this point, at this point, at this point, man, you know. Well we like to pop it on Big Facts too. So before we even get there, man, let 'em know like, obviously you had massive amounts of hit records, you know what I'm saying? Like, hit records from a production standpoint. I think your did negro Heal The World concert. Yeah. Massive. You know what I'm saying? You, you, you've been on the big screen killing it, you know what I'm saying? A war worthy, you fight night. You know what I'm saying? We gonna get into that. Won for show for show for sure. Pop it off. Nah, but, but, but you know, for everything that all of us have accomplished here, like, it's like when you wake up now, like what drives you? Like what's your sense of purpose?


What's the next thing? Like what motivates you now? Well, I have children, bro. I, I want, I want a family. I, I really believe that the reason why we're put on this earth is, is to replenish God's just, just replenish God. And I think if we wanted to see God face, it would be all of our faces together. And I believe that I failed if I don't allow my DNA to continue, like how am I ever come back? The way that we really come back is through our seed, through our children. Mm. You know? And I had a saying, bro, I've chased my dreams so long and so hard that when I finally raised my head, I realized that ran off and left everything else.


Mm. Yeah. Because think about it. If you got a hundred percent right, that's all you got is a hundred percent. And you get 90% to your hustle, you gonna be a shitty father. Yeah. You gonna be shitty friend. Yeah. Hmm. You gonna be a shitty everything else bro. Yeah. That's why most of the people that we say that we like, you know, and basketball players and rappers and all that kind of shit, they assholes. Because think about it, most basketball players don't know how to fight because they was always shooting a fucking jump shot unless they, you know, was down there getting rebounds or something and they, then they got head most of the time they don't know how to be, most of the time they don't know how to be good fathers and good friends. 'cause they were always on the basketball court.


I was always under a drum machine. I was always hustling. Nobody ever noticed this. Think about my 20 year run, bro. I was producing at a very high level. Think about it. Chris Brown, maroon five. Yeah. Lil Wayne. People don't even talk about that shit when you put your actual name David, David, DAVID BANNER before a beat. Think about that shit. Right. Production, my own albums at the level that I was putting out got the, I don't know if it's still the, the, the, the highest paying deal that wasn't a label deal came to DAVID BANNER. So you gotta think about me as DAVID BANNER. Right. Then politics, then acting, then speaking.


I never fucking took a break. Yeah. Mm. I didn't take a break until I literally had a physical breakdown. And what's crazy about that, people still don't give a fuck. Mm. They they, they don't. Mm. So what I realized, man, is that you can't make anything your God, but God And I ran so fucking hard that I looked up bro and hadn't talked to my friends And I realized that I had to go apologize to my friends because I used my fame as an excuse for them to be there when I had time. And that's fucked up. Yeah. You know, and because we successful people will play that game with you and smile in front of you, but that shit don't feel good.


You know, I didn't have a sustainable relationship, couldn't, I was always in the studio or on set. And you gotta thing when you shoot movies, you live, you know, I maybe in Arizona for two months and then I'm in New York for two months in New Zealand for two or three months depending on how, how big the production is. Right. Right. And then still trying to learn that shit at the same time. 'cause we don't, we don't, we didn't understand the business of the game. So having to learn the business by million dollar mistakes and you knew bro, I was homeless. I was sleeping in my van when I got my deal. So having to learn that shit at the same time, you gotta watch the accountant and accountant when is with the lawyer and the lawyer is playing with management and they all running you in circles.


Yeah. And now we don't have sustainable, we don't have sustainable so-called fame. So it ain't like you gonna get another opportunity at that level to make that mistake the same way so you can even take advantage of it. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So it's a lot. There's one thing you just said, you were saying about just like planting the scene and everything. It kind of, I be having my mixed opinions about the whole LeBron thing and his and his son. Like let your son kind of do his own thing. But do you, do you think that that's how we should do it? Maybe more as black people? Like just put our seeds straight in position Ne Yeah. Nepotism as they call it. Hell Yeah. Why? Hell yeah.


Hell yeah. 'cause every other race people do it. We the only one. It's so we all People that don't Do it. Yeah. It's so funny how that's how they keep it. Right. Go ahead. No, no, you go ahead bro. Yeah, no, I'm just saying that's how they keep it. Right. That's how they keep it by passing it down. You train for this for when you, because this Is what I know is that handicapping though. I guess that, that was my mindset at first. That's that Handicapping though. You, you had to, you pass it down. What, what's in our jeans? Yeah. Yeah. But I, I don't think, like me personally, not, not to cut y'all off, I'm sorry. I don't necessarily look at it as a handicap, but I do see where it could be viewed as, what's the word I'm looking for? Like, I don't wanna say not giving them a chance to choose their own destiny, but it's kind of like, like not allowing them to be free.


Part of part of black people's problem is we give ignorant people too many choices. Yep. Like you don't, they don't fucking know nothing. They don't fucking know nothing. You don't know nothing. What you do is, 'cause what ends up having, think about all of us, my dad, my dad was, he was the meanest motherfucker on this planet. 99%, 98% of the stuff my dad told me was true. Thank you, man. He just didn't understand how, because he had been through so much shit. But every, like I, I sit, if, if people ask me all the time, if you could talk to your dad, what would you tell him? And I would either tell him, you right, or I'm sorry, fuck. Like all of that knowledge, all of that information. We usually don't start listening until we about their age and then we pissed it all away.


Fuck all that. See that's what America tries to get us to do. If that's the case, then the president would be younger. See, America lets us do certain things so that we can stay in these boxes. But they don't do that in the Army. They don't do that in the things that mean the most to them. Yep. Will Smith said it the best. He said that it is my job to shit. He said, he said, it's my job to my, he said, I am the bow. My child is the arrow. It is my job to point my child in the right direction. Now as my child gets older, they have the power to wield the wind and the wind can take them where they want to go. But I even think about my dad in music.


It's like my dad didn't, my dad said, boy, you should be a banker. But I was reading on, in the third grade, I was reading on a junior level co Emini here, a junior, junior college level. When I was in kindergarten, I could count to a million, like easy. And so my dad was like, you're smart, you should be a banker. But he didn't understand until I brought a $70,000 check home from, from an independent distributor. Distributor. And until my mama told him like, that boy make $10 a cd, he get a CDs for a dollar. He stand on it. He make, I I was selling at the time like seven to eight to nine CDs a hour. Yeah. My, my, my mom, she did the numbers for my dad and showed my dad he make more money than you.


And he was like, for real? And so when I brought that $70,000 check home, guess what my dad told me? My dad literally said this. What the fuck you doing? Why are you standing here? I was like, what do you mean? He was like, you make this much money rapping. Why the fuck you ain't rapping now? Wow. You dead serious. And that's the same way we look at our children video game shit. Tne make playing video game. He told me he was like, big brown, I don't even know if I should do this music shit no more. It don't make sense monetarily, I can sit in my house doing something I love and people just wanna watch me do it. You'd be a fool if you fucking didn't, you'd be a damn fool.


So, so, so, so to answer your question directly, if we have the opportunity to put our children, think about this. If we, if if, if we start here right. And we make it here, but we get an opportunity to put our children or at least allow them to start here, why would they wanna do something else when they already are right here? Right. The problem is, And I actually researched this, I did research on this. The problem is, is that we take the pain from our children. You mean the pain is what made all of us who we are, every one of us. You don't take the pain away from the children.


You take danger from them. And there's difference, like I was just watching this. Kenny, Kenny, Kenny Smith was talking about the, one of the biggest families that's in pump plumbing. Before any of the children can get any of the higher level money, they gotta be a plumber first. Hmm. And the father told them, you need to know every aspect of plumbing so that if anything happened, then you know how to do it. If I, if, if, if, if the plumbing go out in our bathroom right now, you know how to at least do that. Hmm. So what you do is you don't take the pain, they gotta go through the shit. And if they too lazy to go through the pain, then fuck they little ass.


Yeah. They ain't, they deserve to sucker. Yeah. It ain't for them. I told you the new me they deserve, even if it's my child, if you a lazy funk, you deserve it, your sister going to get it then. Mm. Or some other kid that deserved it, we'll just put some in the contract that said some of that money gotta revert back to your children and hopefully they won't be lazy fucks. Mm. Is that little? I hope so. Don't take the pain off there. What they say in the Bible? Spare a rod quickly. Virginia. Yep. Spare a rod. Quicken the, quicken the child to the grave or spare a rod. And what? Spoiled a child. Yep. Yeah. You gotta put that rod on their ass. That's frowned upon these days though.


Well fuck that. Like when you, when you I'm just saying like, even, even outside like your kid. That's, that's a number Your kid can call and say you, you mentally abusing them Like Folk come pick your ass up because you, you get your little ass sitting there for being a parent. Like, I been having nightmares about that. Like, these kid different these days, man. Well The, the kids are different because we allow other people to raise our children. See, see, think about this. We are, we are some, we are, we are some of the few people on this planet who allow the same people. I said this And I say this about religion, I say this about business. They didn't want you on earth. Why would they give you the key to heaven?


The number, the thing that makes a powerful America is family. So why would they, why would they let you build a good family? They did everything in slavery to keep you away from a family. Think about that. That was the main thing that they did. So why would they let you really raise your kids? Yeah. Right. So if you, if you, if if if if, if your kid depends more on the system than they do on you, then who controls your children? The sister. The sister. This shit not hard. What the system is though. Oh, come on man. America. I'm saying what, what you feel like, what you feel like the system stand on White supremacy. It's easy. In which way? And, and just making sure that white people stay in a position of power and are able to control resources, things and people.


So do you think they deliberately tear down power for black men? Of course. Why wouldn't they? They always have. That's See I don't, I don't talk about things. I think about Just go look up Cointel Pro. What is it? Go Cortel Pro. Like the government did it. Like it's, you can go right now and look at files and and and the government will send it to you. Yeah. Patrice Lumumbas family send me a whole government file that was released by the American government talking about all the things that they did to Patric Uba. It's, that's one of the reasons why they don't want us to read certain books. They don't want us, like, how are you gonna tell us?


This is the thing I never understood and you're tricking me into it again. I see y'all. I told em I won't come on here political. Oh, for real? I said I'm not gonna do it. Tell me that. Why you didn't tell me that either. No, but, but, but he said that's important to him if it's important. But no, it's, it's government files. Look at what they did to Malcolm and Martin. It is one of the things that we have to start learning. And it's the same thing with cops killing black kids. Until we convince our people that it's a systemic problem. We take everything by case. Oh, this is the case. This is just a case. No, this shit is happening together. This is Spider whale. Right, right. But what, what I'll tell y'all is this, man, I'm at a point in my life where I don't even think about white people.


I don't, I don't think about nothing but us. We spend so much time focused on other people that all we gotta do. Just think about this. I say this all the time. If everybody right now that tuned in to Big Facts, went to DAVID BANNER dot com right now and bought anything, I got something from $1 to 250. If everybody, how many followers y'all get about approximately Couple hundred thousand social media, but collectively damn near a million. Collectively. Yeah. So if everybody paid $1, I couldn't make a movie with a million dollars. If everybody bought the God box, that's 250. That's $250. Look at how much money that is collective.


Really a collective movement of people who are just not freeloading. Most people just want our information and we gotta go to sponsors in order to get our money. But you getting it directly from us. Mm. How dare people want music and you give all of your money to Spotify. I spent $1.5 million million on positive rap music. Don't nobody give a fuck about that shit. They give their money to, they give their money to Apple. And think about it. We give up to tech companies. I wouldn't even be as emotional if we would give it to music companies. Most of these companies, music is the last thing that they care about. Go on. Apple pays.


That's the, and that's the thing black folks care about the most. And then you gonna give your money to people who don't give a fuck what you mean. You say, you say they it music is the thing that they care about the least. Think about it. They sell computers. Yeah. And technology, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But y'all running the money over there to Apple. Right. And they don't even give a fuck about, but we give all of our money and music mean The World of black folks. Yeah. And we spend frivolously. That's what I told y'all before. Right. We give our constituency to people who treat us more like elite white men. What you think about artists selling their catalogs then? Like selling, like cashing out. Well, I don't, I don't really care.


Like, to be honest with you, I'm, I don't care about what no other person does. Like, to me that's so catty. Mm. Like if a person don't want to sell, they, they, they catalog, they want sell, they whatever they want to sell. That ain't my business. What'd you sell yours? I don't know. Okay. It's hard to say what you would do if your person present it to you. And the difference between me, that's sort of like how I told people, you know, I'm the biggest proponent for independence. Right. But in my particular case, signing the deal wasn't nothing better than that for me because I had a bigger play. I knew I wanted to be a movie star. I knew that if I, with the fame that I could get the money. Mm. Money ain't never been no problem with me.


Like money, like leaves on trees. That's why I dress the way that I do. That's why I act the way that I do. I can be free 'cause I know how to go and get money. I don't always like to do some of the things that I have to do in order to get money. But the truth is, I know what people want from me. You know, I knew that folks go like Missouri Slave And I could do that without feeling like my soul was being split. 'cause I'm acting. Yeah. But like, that's what the fuck come from. Right. You know? And and some of that stuff wasn't on that page that came from my cousin straight up. You know what I'm saying? That's what we come from. Yeah. And we gotta stop letting other people like mold that like, bro, it's so funny man.


How the shit that we do the best people won't even just let us do that. Like, leave me the fuck alone. You can't tell me nothing about it. I made like a pill. Be clear. Mm. You feel me? It's, it's, it's, it's not always. And Tasha Smith taught me this. It is my responsibility y'all. 'cause those, our uncles, our cousins, our aunts And I watch how we tear each other down. It's so crazy, bro. Like all of us got friends, cousins or ourselves that we didn't hustle. We got cousins that, that have whooped on our aunts, aunts that have cheated on our uncles. Right. And we have accepted them for who they are, but we can't accept our people for who they are and show some fucking humanity.


It's almost like, bro, if you look at a lot of those pictures where black folks was getting hung, you had black folks on the side looking at that shit the same way. White folks. That was, that was their entertainment picnic. Pick a nigga. Hold on man. That's what they did. True. You telling the truth. That's what they did. You telling the truth? That was entertainment. Watch this. You telling the truth. And most and most slave hands, what color did the people have on it? Think about it. They had on white. You wanna know why they just fucking got outta church. That's what they did out the church. And then the thing, I went to a, I went to a hanging expose bro. Where they, it was in, it was a museum exhibit, bro.


Do you know a lot of those pictures, bro? Guess what? They were fucking postcards from the United States Post office dog. We have always been they fucking entertainment. That's why they don't want us to have books. How the fuck you gonna tell us not to read a book about something you did to us? I can understand if it was something we did to you, but you fucked over me. You beat my family. You beat the shit outta my family. You don't want me to read a book about what book they saying don't read like the history. They got a whole list of history books that they trying to get out school. Oh yeah bro. Oh, it's bad. And, and we worried about beef. We worried about It's still gonna be on the internet though, right? Hmm? It still gonna be on the internet or just outta streets? Yeah, But you know, like in schools it's, it is a part of, well previously it's been a part of the total curriculum of the history of the United States.


But what they're trying to do is basically whitewashed that particular section of the history so that it doesn't, it's not taught as curriculum. So that people younger than whatever age that has already graduated and all that kind of stuff aren't aware of the shit that we've been through previously. That's cool. They try to what, what, what we don't understand. Niggas were created. We did not come off those boats. Or we as indigenous people were not niggas. Niggas were experiment that white people would've never thought that would've worked. So good niggas is just like crackers bro. It ain't nothing but ignorant motherfuckers, bro. And in our cases it's not ignorance because we chose to, it was ignorance because it was kept away from us.


You would hang from a tree if you knew how to read. You feel what I'm saying? Because knowledge is, knowledge is knowledge is true. Freedom. If we knew how to escape, we would have, a lot of times we didn't escape. 'cause we didn't know the grounds. Mm. If we knew how. And that's the thing about all of this shit. Music, contracts, all of it. You are a slave to what the fuck? You don't know, right? So if you don't know that the reason why black people act that way got a lot to do with other people and not you, then maybe you wouldn't act like that. If you knew that medicine and, and, and, and, and, and, and and mathematics was created by black folks, you wouldn't think that shit was hard. Mm. You created mathematics. So how the fuck is it hard?


You built pyramids. How the fuck is it? Hard facts, you know? Nah. Them Big Facts. Big Facts.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As Long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. Based on the inspirational true story. I'm damn proud of you Kia Golden Girl. It's a knockout crowd pleaser. The whole family can agree on my baby Going to The living. It's this generation's Rocky. Can't nobody Beat me. You'll stand up and cheer. It's one of the best movies of the year he Represent out there. Someone I would do it at Flint. The fire inside based on incredible true story with PG 13. Inappropriate for children under 13. Now playing only in theaters.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, so lemme ask you something. And I heard you quoting out the Bible like so how accurate do you think the Bible is if it came from them too? Oh man, I'm not gonna get off of the black folks in the Bible. I'm learning I old son say this, black folks Nikes religion alone. Don't talk about no Nikes. I'm just trying to figure it out. But I'll tell you this though, go ahead. I'll tell you this. How? Why would you trust a man that didn't love you on earth to giving you key to heaven? Why would you trust the youngest race on this planet about God? We were the one that taught them about monotheism.


That's the end of like, why would we And I, if you are gonna say that you something, then if you care about God, God is supposed to be the thing that matters the most, then why won't you go and read the original script and not how they translate it. White people have never touched anything on this planet and not corrupted. And they will tell you that history shows you that their history shows you anywhere they touch, they have totally decimated the culture of those people. So you come from God directly from God. Even if, even even from a biblical standpoint, when they were looking for Jesus, they went to find Jesus in the middle of a bunch of black folks. Right? So Jesus looked like you.


So why would you go to a white person to find out something that you are, I'm not saying that Christianity is not the way, that's not my place. But what I will say is that God is omnipotent. God is everything. How dare you let somebody who have taken everything from you give you the key to God? And, And I will say this, I know Virginia telling you, stop dude as think about this. Drop the mic bro. Think about this. I'm dead. Drop the mic about this bro. You preaching. Think about this. Black people ran this earth, indigenous people ran this earth. Whatever you wanna say, we are mores, we, we, we argue over the things that don't matter to me.


Yeah. Like whatever we are African, whatever you say we are, we ran this whole earth as soon as we came in contact with whatever that they say that we believe in. Yeah. Yeah. Historically we did this. Yes. So I think that God uses pain to direct you. Yeah. So if you stay in a constant feeling of pain, then let's God tell you to move in a different fucking direction. Yeah. But I don't blame people. They tell you you'll go to hell forever. God made you a sentient thinking being so if, if God wants you to, to, to, to challenge him or her or it or you would be like a fucking dog wouldn't be no need.


You'd just be programmed like a computer. Mm. Yeah. But like it, it ain't right and it don't feel right. I'll show y'all this and then I'm gonna move on. Yeah. Because I got a question I need to ask you. Okay. Watch this. Well, I got a follow up to that. When kids, when little be the kids, I believe that the closest thing to God are children. And I Elder. I agree. And I'm just asking a question. I agree. I'm just, I'm David Better is not answering this. I'm just asking what do children do when they go to church? Cry and what else? Sleep. Sleep. Sleep. Man. They closest to God.


So why wouldn't they pay attention? Well, whatever. I'm not saying nothing. I'm just asking the question. I say it. What's your question? No, let him follow up. And I got another question. Alright. Friday night on Peacock. Tune in. Yeah. Yeah. Make sure y'all go get that now. That shit was incredible. I'm gonna say like, where you think we come from originally. Like just people. So humanity, where do you think humanity come from? So, so this is what I think, this is my opinion. I think that we all came from one place that's closest to the sun. And as we wandered away from that place, the further we went towards cold areas, think about it.


We evolved. God made us to evolve. So that's when we started mutating, you know, and the, and the further that we got away from that place, depending on how far it was away from the sun, that's how our body adjusted to survive. Hmm. So I really think that we, we ought the original people. And I'm not saying that something else didn't happen. You know, I, I read up and study on the Anki and different stuff like that, but I have different perspectives. But just if we're keeping it here and not bringing in any other things, just the further that we got away from whatever we consider the motherland is the further we got away from the sun, the further we got away from good land, good things, good people, the more harsh the environment became, the more harsh we became as a people think about it, the people that, like if you study people, you take away the emotions.


Most of these people who are the most treacherous, they live in the cold. So they ain't got time to play with you. If they don't, if if if they don't plant at certain times dead serious. Even right here, just in, in America. Yeah. Coldest place is is cold for real. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Motherfucker. They gotta get it motherfucker like, like, like like fight their grandmamma for some money. Mm. Sell it. That's neither to hear that. But what what I'm saying is, is that, you know, we, we evolved and to a certain degree I guess we were assessed in certain ways.


So that, that's just my per my, my my my personal opinion, I'm a study. Yeah. I continue, I continue to study. But what, what I do wanna say is that we just gotta find a way to get back together. I don't think there's gonna be a kumbaya moment. I think you got too many types of black people. I actually wanna write a book about it. If you really look, look at it, we get emotional. But this is, America is a lot closer to the plantation than we think it is. It's a lot of house niggas. I didn't know it was such thing as a yard nigga that was right in between, you know, the house. Yeah. The yard nigga you look at the yard nigga Ain't quite made it to the house, but he is a little bit better than the Field.


He on the Yeah. Yeah man, it's cold. And you look at, you look at the music business, y'all niggas Are basically brown-skinned niggas. They're not light skinned niggas or dark skinned niggas. They Like, yeah, I'm damn serious. I'm not joking. So you still, you know what I'm saying? You ain't quite that executive. You still out here, But you're not necessarily an intern type Shit, but you turn your nose up. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like most of this shit, bro. We, we, we fighting to be up under people that we don't have to be. Mm. Yeah. Like we got this shit y'all and we just really fuck with each other. Think about just us sitting down talking, even though it's for Big Facts. It is for the show. Look at how much came out just right here.


Yeah. You know, Emini here, it, it, it may still hurt some of the other things that I'm doing, which I didn't wanna do, but Emini here all fuck it. That's you gotta be yourself. How hard is it? That's what I'm saying. How hard is it to try to wear a hat that you can't fit? You know what I'm saying? Like basically, you know how you feel and it's really burning through your soul. You don't wanna see it because of things you got going on. How hard Is that to do for you? It it's, it's hard because I've done it over and over again. I built myself up, built myself up and ran my fucking mouth and tore it down and people don't help you build it back up. You talk all that shit. What it is you want DAVID BANNER to go talk that shit that they feel so they everybody want Jesus.


They don't want to, they don't want, I think the story of Jesus was, Jesus came down to show you how to bury your cross. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna come in the same way that you come in the same way. I'm gonna show you how to walk on water. Remember the mill was walking on water with Jesus and they started downing, they started, they did what? They started sinking. Right? Yeah. Jesus said, I'm gonna come down here and show you. Black kids in America are all across the bear. Ain't nobody else's cross the bear. Yeah. You right. Ain't no politician gonna save you. There ain't no one pill that's gonna help you. You gotta get out there and bear that cross with you have to get out there and do it yourself. Facts. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So like, what I believe man is that it's a lot of times I realize God didn't tell me to save nobody.


That's God's job. God's supposed to say you. I'm just supposed to get a message to keep it moving. If, if I continuously have a harvest And I tell people this all the time. If I had one piece of bread And I gave everybody in this room a piece of bread, right. I'm gonna be pissed off tomorrow. But if I'm selfish and build my bread up and create a bread store, go and start being selfish enough to go and harvest and and and plant and then build it up, then I can give Yeah. With the love and the grace of God. But you gonna have to be selfish for a long time to build it up. Well you can get to that point. Our ego make us feel like we actually can save people.


Think about this bro, consistently for the last 15 or last 10 years, I've given my whole life to just helping people. That's it. And I've used music to get me in a position where I can help people and then I get everything and I'm by myself and have to build it up myself. We didn't have any conversations. You know, me, motherfucker ain't came and checked on me when I was down, when I was fucked up. No matter how I didn't help hundreds of thousands of people. Ain't nobody fucking helped me when I was down. So if God keeps showing you how people will do you, then I'm the fucking fool to continue going down that road. And I can't pray.


I can't ask God. And I already revealed to me, I'm the fucking fool. Y'all ain't the fool from taking from me. 'cause I keep giving. Didn't nobody telling me to do that shit. Mm. And I started noticing when it's some revolutionary shit, when it's time to get some shit popping, then they come get DAVID BANNER. I got a, I got a very specific friend who makes millions and millions of dollars And I had to tell him, I was like, bro, call me when Disney call you. Mm. You ain't just gotta call me when it's time to get out on the streets. Mm. But people, people know and think about it, even our people, we know who to go to who really stand for our, our and who gonna show up in our neighborhoods when we need 'em too. But when it's time to give, when them people got projects we don't give with that same energy that we run and ask them for help with, we don't.


Damn. And until we start putting it on the everyday ordinary man, it ain't no football player's fault. It ain't no basketball player's fault. It ain't no politician's fault. It is our fault as a collector. Yeah. And until the everyday average person realize it's their responsibility, it's easy for you to tell this man who sitting over here on Big Facts and he should get half of his check for something. But you got 50% and you won't give a fucking quarter. Mm. Malcolm Martin, we just talked about that. QEP knew name 'em all. Like think about it. You let all them people suffer. They, we let their family suffer. Did this situation even, even, even even more intense being from the south, do you think that amplifies it?


Yeah. It, it, it does. Only because even because we still have those thought processes on us. You know, even if you look at hip hop, the way that people look at rappers and who the dopest rapper, it ain't really got nothing to do with lyrics. It got really got to do addiction. The more you speak like an English white man, the, the better that you control the way that you use your addiction is how they look at you as a, as a dope rapper. How the fuck, how in the fuck juvenile ain't considered as one of the best rappers?


Mm. How in like, like come on bro. Like if, if you don't talk like this and spit your verses just like this and they don't consider you to be donate. Mm. Like even southern rappers, the closest you sound to being, you know, an English white man is how they and, and, and ex judge and they judge your, they judge, they judge you even by lines. Lines that don't even fucking exist. Like, like for me bro, being from the south means everything to me. Because one thing that DAVID BANNER has shown, And I thank God for this, that if I can make it, anybody on this planet can make it.


Do you know what people say to me from, I'm talking about some of the smallest places on this earth. If your black ass can do it from where the fuck you did it, you were sleeping in that van. Yeah. You built a studio in your fucking van and you can make it, then I can get off my ass and do it too. Right. That's why God put this load on us, bro. That's why I'm so fucking proud of y'all for you all to be able to take your platform, speak like we speak. That's one of the reasons why I said I want you to go to Jazzy Jeffs retreat. Because that's the only thing that I didn't feel. I felt like I was still fighting for that respect. That we actually don't need if we get our people and we can, we can group our southern fans.


'cause our people still buy CD from your ass. It's almost gone. But you go to some of these small towns, they're still copper at the gas station. Real, they still them gas station. And that's real money and real power hand the fucking hand. So look, I have a question about a situation that was brought to my attention like earlier this year. Being that you are from Jackson and like from that area, what is your take on the 215 bodies that turned up behind the prison in Hines County? Like it, those, those type of questions are hard to answer and they're hard to answer because I don't care where it's, if it's 250 black bodies, dead people, you know, I care.


Right? Everybody knows the answer there. If you know me, you already know. You already know the answer. And what ends up happening is, is you have to be careful what you say. 'cause now, especially when I say in hip hop news, people are looking for you to say one thing to get a small sound bite from. Right. I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be sitting. The reason why I'm sitting here is because, you know, I care. Right. And the fact that it's from Mississippi or happening in Mississippi, I got a tattoo on my back, I care a thousand more. Right? But, but, but the problem is, is what is the everyday average person willing to do? Right. Because every time I run and put myself on that cross and say, let's go, let's go.


But real revolution comes from the street up. The only thing that we supposed to be is a mouthpiece for what the streets really feel. And the streets have access to us and give us opportunity. And the way that they show us that they care is they are constituents with us. And so we are gonna make sure that you are powerful so that when we need you, then we can use you. But we don't do that no more. Nah. These nigga to leave you out here man. That you get crucified. Yeah. Going on on and then call you stupid. That nigga dumb fuck talk, talk about people are supposed to be essentially the foundation talk about shit because you don't show up. But then when you do show up and you get crucified being like, man, that nigga was stupid.


Yep. You right. You right. It it, bro, I I give the greatest example of that and I'm a, I'm gonna directly answer your question. People tell you, oh don't cap, don't cap, don't cap, don't cap, don't cap, don't cap, don't cap, don't cap. Well then if I don't cap, then you don't know what the fuck I'm doing. And then you turn around and say I ain't doing shit so I got a cap. If I don't cap some then you ain't gonna know what the fuck I'm doing because I've always been silent with the shit that I do. Right. But then you turn around and be like, well I'm the reason why this happened. I'm the reason why this happened. I'm the reason why and think about this. We talked about this from high school dog. Have I not been the same person? Yeah. I was revolutionary in high school.


I was SGA president at Southern University. Yeah. I told the motherfuckers at Southern, they said, why you don't wear a tie? 'cause I wouldn't wear a tie. I said, don't you think there's been enough ropes around black folks? Net wasn't that revolution. Yeah, exactly. For sure. The pimp for sure. Look at that video. Cut the music on. We ran the Ku Klux Klan Outta of Mississippi. I threw the the federate flag back at the motherfucker cross. I still love my queens, but bitches hit me to the game. Cadillac I 22. God, I know that we pimp God. I know that we wrong God. I know I should talk about more in all songs. I know that kids are listening. I know I'm here for a mission, but it's so hard to get 'em with 22 inch rims though. Glisten. Yep. I said, and it was crazy because Rolling Stone said this was the dopest line of the year.


They said, I'm from a place where a flag means more than me. I didn't even mean it to be that dope. But now I'm older. I look at the young men and be like, fuck, that's hard as shit. I'm from a place where a flag means more than you. Nah, that real shit. The Confederate flag, you know, that means racism. And I'm at a point in, in my life now, white boy William Confederate flag. That's 'cause if you think about it, that there is another aspect as it as, as it pertains to their culture. Yeah. Put it on your trunk, put it on your draws. But that shit means death to me. And so if you going to use it as a simple, a symbol of a synthesis of people, of a conglomerate of people, that shit means death to me.


It means racism, it means slavery to me. It shouldn't be a state flag. Mm. It shouldn't represent nothing but your racist white. It's your personal belief. Yes, exactly. And I ain't got no problem. 'cause if I wanna wear my red, black, and green Right. Right. That shouldn't be a problem. And I'm gonna tell you what happened when I started making those flags for the boxing. I don't know what I would do if I saw a white boy burning my flag. Mm. So I say if I want them to respect my flag and what my flag stands on, even though their flag, my flag doesn't directly a affect them. We haven't done anything to them. Mm. But still, I have to give a human that type of respect. Mm. You just keep your shit over there in your yard. Mm. That's all I ask. Mm. Yeah. I hope I answered your question.


You did Well to a certain extent, But what else do you want outta it? Nah, I don't want anything else. I was just, I was just thinking like, because it's like for me today, Saying what you wanted to do about this shit. Nah. It's not like, yeah, that too. But it's just like, for me, like on a personal level, like I know when I heard this shit shout out to my brother t Lewis, as soon as I heard it, like my first thought was like I hit him. Like, okay. Like okay, so if I was to come down there and like try to figure out like what was going on and you know, try to put together like an informational piece and this and that, blah blah blah. Like how, like what'll be the best way to do it? And then like he was telling me like, the shit down there is so deep.


Like you gotta be careful where you poke around that type shit. So. Well this is what I tell you baby. Part of the problem is I don't think most people, I'm the type of person I wanna do something. Me too. I really, really wanna do something. Yeah. And I wanna do something. I can't say I wanna do something. I'm sick of all this fucking talking. That's one of the reasons why I stopped my podcast because I think it's too many niggas talking and motherfuckers wanna talk about shit they know they don't know nothing about, it could be a fucking nuclear, it could be a nuclear explosion. Right. And everybody wanna talk about the, the just nuclear whatever.


Fuck. They don't know what they talking about. Like everybody talking about shit. Like stay in your lane. Right. Whatever your lane is be a genius at your lane. But everybody talking And I honestly think we are at war now. Ain't the time to fucking be talking if you wasn't prepared. That's what I was telling you bro. Haven't I not been talking about the same shit 10, 15 years? 20? Yeah. Motherfuckers ain didn't listen back then They not gonna listen Now what's they biggest weapon? Huh? We at war. What's they biggest weapon against us? Oh, they bro, they ourselves bro. To be honest with you, I feel like, and, And I'm still gonna answer your question. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like we're butterflies and an an pile, bro. They playing with our food, they playing with our education, they playing with our mind with these phones, bro.


It's so much now. And, and, and the problem is, is that it's hard for us to even identify, you know, who really on our side because a lot of these niggas biggest bigger crackers than any, any white boy you ever seen. Especially The niggas that are in position, You know? And the thing is, is that you got different type of Negroes, bro. Like, it, it's, it's so hard, man. Like, and it's hard for me as a person who, who believes that he's a revolutionary because unlike some white people, we gotta fight both sides. We gotta fight niggas and crackers at the same level too.


Yeah. At least white people worse. At least white people can agree on the fact that we, black people or, or indigenous people in general reproduce at a rate that if white people don't do something, they gonna die. So they can at least agree on, okay, we can have me and you can fight later on, but as we know that we against them, right? Yeah. A lot of us don't even know that we at war. And so it's hard for you to fight like totally fight for somebody who nine times out look at you as a bigger enemy. So let me ask you this real quick. Not because you walk facts, Big Facts. Do you feel like most niggas that are in positions of power are puppets?


I don't know. Because what I also realize is all niggas, all, all of them are not, I'm not gonna say smart enough, they're not enlightened enough to even know that they wrong some people. Some people were raised, they, they family think about it. Our parents, and this is a harsh reality. I know Regina, this is a harsh reality, but most of our parents would get along gang niggas. Yeah. Because if they wasn't, they'd be dead. They'd be hanging from a tree somewhere. Yeah. So most of us, we just ended up listening to hip hop or we, we bumped into something that, that's what hip hop did for me. You know, I I I tell sad X all the time.


Who is Derek X from brand Nubians. I got hold to a brand Nubian CD and stopped eating pork red. You know, Malcolm X got hold to one of the books that they are taken outta the school from the bro files. I read the butter files changed. I stole it from my cousin. Mm. Yeah. And got conscious. So a lot of these Negroes, they don't even know that they sell houses. They don't even know like some of these kids from some of these places, they parents beat their natural language out there. If they don't speak like they from England, you can't even walk in the fucking house. So some of us do. Do you know who Well, I ain't gonna go there.


No, go ahead. Go there. No, most do I know. Who what? No, it's the bigger, the biggest breaker of slaves were other slaves. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, so a lot of times it was our parents that broke us. Yeah. And we don't even know that. Can I, can I tell y'all a quick Story? But that goes back to the whole puppet thing that I was talking about. But I guess that's proven your point about a lot of the puppets don't even understand that they are one of the biggest roles in our detrimental puppetry. A lot of Niggas, a lot of niggas will say, a lot of niggas will feel like, okay, get woke and know that I'm fighting to fight against my People and These people. Right. Which is what we just said.


So then they, they put you on the side of being self like, fuck everybody. It is about me. But so, but when you get the fuck everybody niggas gonna feel like you're a sellout. 'cause you not the nigga trying to be a revolutionary or trying to speak for these niggas. I can't say y'all niggas because that put me on the cross. 'cause I'm willing to go all the way. But y'all ready to turn y'all back And that's the answer's the answer. You just Taught me something. You just taught me something right there. And that's why this shit is important. Watch this. The person who says that they're willing to do everything for us. Think about how we look at a revolutionary. This is the person who is willing to give everything, everything. When You He ready to nut up, Nigga Ready to go out.


Bad man. The rapper that did everything that y'all say rappers don't do. Yeah. Don't fuck with him. Or you let somebody kill him. Yep. The one that came back to the hood took care of the hood. Yep. You let that happen. Yes. We supposed to. We supposed to make a we supposed to make a public example, bro. Yeah. But but that's what I'm saying. It's us. That's When you hang a nigga. Well that's the, that's but that's the, that's that's the shit. That's, that's the simple, that's the simple. But careful what you mean. Take it out. Because with Me now Cash down. Yeah. I'm Just say listen. I say listen, say listen.


Say listen. Yeah. And, and y'all, I'm gonna be real with you. I, I had, I had to learn This ego makes you want to tell everything that you know, some shit ain't safe. Right? Right. Can't say everything in public. And that's part our problem. Right. How the fuck, like if y'all notice I had one of the top black lectures in the United States period. But you never see any video from any of my lectures because what if we came up with the answer? Yeah. Yeah. Ku Klux Klan ain't on on Instagram. Right. The government is, is is conspiring against our children. That ain't on, on Facebook or YouTube. So why do we wanna do it in public? That shit's stupid. If you really, really got a plan and we really about to get some money, you ain't gonna tell everybody Hell no.


You ain't tell nobody. That's What I'm saying. Yeah. So if we really, that's what I'm saying, y'all. It gotta be a small group of us who really about moving and really about. 'cause one of the things that I don't like that we do, if you really study most of these cats, look at what they do. They tell you what they gonna do. They say it in their music, they say it in their actions. They say it in who they marry. I see what you love. Yep. Like most of these politicians look at who they were before they, they needed your folk. They don't give a fuck about black folks. Yeah. I'm not emotional about that shit.


I don't care if it's a alien. I don't Do y'all know some of the most revolutionary people in history negotiated with the Klan? The Klan didn't want black folks in America and some black folks didn't want to be in America. So if you willing to get $3 million for me to get a vote for me to go back to Africa And I don't want to be in this bitch either. We can talk, sign me up, we can talk Jack. Right? So it ain't about Democrats or Republicans. I don't give a fuck about neither one of 'em. Right wing, left wing, they part of the same fucking bird.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


This is Rachel Z. From Climbing in Heels with Rachel Zoe. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to travel The World in style. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event or access to luxurious wellness retreats. You can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that is as unique as you are. Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/skymile experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


I say, somebody said nowhere. Do y'all know how many people are running for president and vice president? But they only allow you to see two debate. What if the Green Party got the fucking real plan? Yeah, but we don't research and if we really wanna do something about politics, why don't we find somebody and be like, okay, I really this who we want. I really, really like Big Creek. Yeah. I really like what that boy said historically. Let's all pull our money together. 'cause to me politicians ain't nothing but the money if you ain't investing money just doing a whole bunch of talks. So everything I say about music, I let's raise cri, let's raise him in the way and he come from our environment.


Yeah, because some politicians, not all of 'em, some just don't know no better. They ain't never been broke. So they don't really know how to understand properly struggle. Understand what the fuck most of them ain't about shit. But I'm just saying. So why not? If we really care about ci, black people are so vested all of a sudden in politics, why not build your own person and get behind them? That makes all sense right now. That makes all of sense. Name one democrat in recent history that got passed anywhere without black folks. Mm. Became none of them. Not even when you black say what you going do for your own people. Come on now. I'm not telling you what to do. All I'm telling you to do is state. I say that after election. I don't care what you think about me, just think and make sure that you tune in to peace.


Stop and watch fight night night. We keep, should we keep that support rolling, fight the nigga on now in the hood. Shit. Message. But all, all that, all that is the answer to your question. Like what you said, what is the system? All of this is the system. Nah, we got the music industry has a system. Politics has a system. America has a system. It is various systems within one system. And they are created. You said, what did you say? What? You said what They they they killed Missouri Slim anyway. Did they? Nah, but I, I will tell y'all man, it's, it's, it's a harsh reality man.


To, to, to be a black man in America. I care. You know, that's what I realized is that I thought coming from the streets, coming from the environment that I came from, I really thought that I didn't give a fuck. And when I got money, it gave me the space to see how much I really do care. I love black people with everything that I got in my body. I love where I'm from. Everything in my body. And what I had to realize is that my, my therapist told me this. My therapist said, you always talking about the people, the people, the people. He said, well, you, the people, you black. I realize I don't treat myself well.


And part of what I do is I project it on other people and try to help other people to make me feel better about myself. When, and and the real truth is people treat you the way you treat yourself. Think about the rappers who treat people like shit. Like dog shit. Ain't that the ones we we play their music the most. Yeah. And some of that music is dope, but most of it is more of a mentality. I got more than you. You ain't shit. Mm. They really treating you like white people treat you elite white people think about this and, and and, and and, And I got a little bit myself, but think about how most entertainers that are black, they don't even sell themselves.


They sell an elite white car. Elite white clothes. I want to know you, I wanna know what's inside of you. But they sell you everything but themselves. Mm. And I figured out, I figured that I was doing, I I found that I was doing the same shit. Mm. Think about it as a woman, people usually treat you the same way you treat yourself. Whatever you insecure about. Yeah. That's what they key in on. Yeah. If you don't take no shit, I know some women who, some of the most dog ass motherfuckers on this planet when she walk into the room 'cause she don't take that shit, she get the utmost respect. Right. So, so, so the thing is, is that we as a people, we gotta treat each other better.


We gotta be kinder. The stuff that we do, bro. Me and this man sometimes out of nowhere, man, I call him and be like bro, as it pertains to being a father, now you my mentor 'cause you had a kid before me, bro. Talk to me. How is that shit bro? Like I ain't lying. I'm nervous about that shit, bro. And we had em fucking conversations or anything bro. You call me and be like, Banner man, you know that system, shit. Like, talk to me about that shit. But we gotta do it on the phone. Yeah. And, and you gotta be like, bro, it's some shit that I don't know. Yeah. Well this is what I do know. Let's figure this shit out together. But we talk about the shit in front of cameras and as soon as we leave them cameras cut off, we go back to It, nigga got everybody go back there.


You Right. You right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah man. Yeah. Nah man, I just, I just, I'm one of them niggas man. That, that stuck between trying to goddamn be on that cross for niggas man. When the nigga, when niggas already got a cross over here and they back you up for you, you know what I'm saying? Like, you can try to fight for everybody bro. But at the end of the day, they wanna hang you too. Yeah. So what you do, you, you create your own little bubble man and create your own little family first. That's the only way now you create your family and then maybe they see, maybe people will see like, okay, that's what they're doing. I don't think, I don't think I can be out there trying to do it for these motherfuckers. You already do it bro. That's what I'm saying. But I'm saying like, I don't know what I'm saying.


I I do. You Said, you said you said put it all on the line for some people that won't put it all on Line for me. Yeah. Like even certain shit I be wanting say, But bro, you already do it. I I'm telling you bro. I'm telling you what I see. Okay. Like, bro, you bro can y'all answer this question? When he first came on, this bitch first started fucking with y'all. Was he not a different man? Oh for sure. But but but he but he always had the same heart. Yeah. Well you know what I'm saying? You don't have it. You gotta have a heart. Right. You can't make something that you don't have. Right. But I just mean bro, do you know how many people watched you peel them layers off? Like I know that's how a lot of people looked at me. Like I remember when I first got on tv, they told said that I was on high blood pressure pills.


Do you know how many gangsters? Hustlers. I tell people that all the time. All these so-called conscious motherfuckers. They don't fuck with me. Mm. They never fuck with me. They don't like me. I make 'em uncomfortable 'cause I want to do something and they know I want Do something. You know a lot of motherfuckers just want to talk. Yes. I don't want, I don't think we should be talking but man, a lot of them cats will see me and they like Donna, man, if you were comfortable enough man to go ahead and start taking your pills and talk about that shit in front of The World, I know I can do it. Yeah. Like bro, you don't know who be watching you bro. And the thing is, is whether we like it or not, that's what I tell people all the time. No matter how conscious I am, niggas, bitches, drug dealers, killers they put me on.


That's why I never turned my nose up to the streets ever. No matter how conscious did I get. Have you noticed? No matter how mad I get at black people, I always say we, I never separate myself no matter how smart, how much money I got because conscious people didn't put me on. Mm. Ripy rapy, rapy niggas, as much as I like ripy rapping all the time, the niggas don't fuck with me. Mm. No matter how dope my song is, no matter how dope death of a pop star, no matter how dope crook that is, no matter how dope the God box is, man. Yeah. Motherfuckers don't give a fuck box. These the people who listening to like a pimp and Mike get you. That's why I'm here play run girl I'm trying to pussy with Yeah. They top all that shit.


They want to, I lost money every time I did positive music every time. 1.5 million. You tell me a motherfucker that they spent that much money on theyself. Yeah. On some positive shit. But what I do know is at least I can say that I tried. Right. Right. But it's easy. It is easy for you to make them them records though. Like not the country record and other records, that's super easy. Right? Oh yeah. See, watch this. You gonna like this. People don't understand this. All this shit is simple. The reason why lower vibrational shit or not so smart shit cells is because there are more people who are going to kindergarten then there has been that graduation from the 12th grade.


Right? Right. It's yes or no. Right. Big thing. Right. Even less people who have a doctorate. Right. But even the doctor can listen. Right. So what we have to understand is, and it's no different than Malcolm, some people want to be smart for the sake of being smart. If you notice Malcolm X had one of the greatest commands on the ing English language and he never said anything, the average man couldn't understand because are you trying to show me that you're smart or are you trying to get me to understand facts? So that means sometimes Big Facts, I may have to get back off into some shit that I don't like. Mm.


Bro, it it, it bothers me at a spiritual level. Regina, how many months have I, how many years have I had the God box? Two? At least two. Yeah. At least that motherfucker four, five years old. It's gonna come out two. As long as she known that I didn't have it, it's gonna come out. Bro. That shit's so fucking hood. Oh, it's gonna come out. They gotta come out. But the problem, but the problem is, is I know what people want. I got a really good friend of mine in DC who he having the same problem with, with, with, with, with food. Like he cooks fried food. That's what he's known for. But he eats now that he's been conscious, now he don't eat like that, but he know what people want.


And that's the difference man. It's like an internal conflict. Yeah. Yeah. She Probably eating them up to sell that shit. You know, that shit eat you up to sell it. Yeah. Like I couldn't get a restaurant right now and sell it like so food, I couldn't even do it. Even though I know how to cook that shit. I couldn't, I would have to try to sell vegan food. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Something that resonates with your spirit. Facts. I couldn't do it. Or you won't be able to sweep at night. That's why all you got all your Negroes, bro. And I was one of 'em, got all this damn money. My, my cousin used to say that all the time, bro, you got models and cars and billions of dollars why you ain't sleeping. Right. 'cause that shit don't do nothing for your soul. Mm. But I would say I'd much rather figure it out with some money than be focused for.


I, I'm just being honest with you. I'd rather figure it out in a house Right. Than living in my van like I was before. Yeah. But, but bro, I tell you this man, And I say this to everybody, when I started back sleeping, I would've paid any amount of money bro to just get a good night worth sleep. I was sleep in an hour or two a night in the biggest house out in Canton, Georgia, bro. I was living on top of a mountain, literally on top of a mountain. Couldn't shoot at all. Mm. You know, so I always say, bro, there's a way for you to get money bro and to agree with your spirit. Mm. But the reason why it don't affect some people and it affects others is 'cause some people never had a spirit.


Mm. Like you just said about him. No matter what he did in the streets and his heart, he was still a good person. And what money gave him an opportunity to do is to find that when you ain't got no money, you can't find shit. But you can't find shit but about meal. Right. And they know that we're animals before we anything you going to survive. Right? Mm. Man, can We make some money now Baby? Let's, let's make some money. What's the money? What's the money plays? That's a good question. What's the money plays? What's the money plays right now? I I wanna be a superhero bro. That's all I wanna do is superhero feel. And you done that.


There was a young girl who came crying to her dad uncontrollably and her dad said she's a 4-year-old black girl. Beautiful, dark skinned girl. She said, daddy, daddy, daddy, are there gonna be any black people in the future? And he said, why? She said, 'cause I was watching the Jetson And I didn't see many Whoa. Like some science fiction is them preparing us for a future and they usually don't have us in it. Dang. So like, like that's deep. Alright, now watch this. I'm gonna go even further. What Superman's what what view? Superman power. Y'all know Knight kills them, but when fuel the sun, the sun does.


Yeah. Superman is fueled by the sun. Right. White deflect the sun. Right. White people are allergic to the sun. Right. If Superman superpower was really the sun, it'll be darker than the darkest night. It'd be darker than in the darkest anything bro. Because we absorbed the sunlight. Right. So it's our response. A white scientist told me that there ain't no way Superman white. So it's our responsibility to properly depict that. Now my second movie, I want do a movie. I said I wanna do a movie with Jill Scott. A love movie. Like a Love Jones type movie.


That'd be hard. And then they be like, they be like, well DAVID BANNER, like you just said, you wanted to be science fiction. Well black love in America right now, especially on TV is sci-fi because you damn still don't see it. Yeah. So it's my responsibility as fucking sexy as I am right now to use this fucking body and get another body tag. I look good then a motherfucker. And it ain't, I'm gonna tell y'all some I kill somebody. They like, you know, Aaron did knocked off as much as I'm in the fucking jail. If I don't look good, I need to go home. That shit hurt. I'm sexy than a motherfucker.


No man. But for real, I, I want, I'm gonna do sci-fi man. And hopefully our children won't know a time where they won't be a black lead in scifi. Right? Mm. That, that's Crazy because really all the superhero is showing you God and Kanye. And so they're telling us we not Gods like as much as I like Black Panther, that's cool. I don't wanna be no fucking cat. I don wanna be Superman. Damn me. Yeah. Your girls wanna be fucking Wonder Woman. Mm. They wanna be the flash the fastest in The World. And they come from hero comes from Haru, it comes from us. The word hero. Yes. We are the gods. Yes. So how we, how dare we not my, my little brother Kran Joseph Riley is working on this a black superhero film.


And y'all, the last movie that I was in, I played gun. You saw pictures of it, you know. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. You Know, and it's getting closer and closer and like that's what I want to do. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna push my dreams so fucking far. I wanna show people like, I maybe shouldn't say this man, but like I wanna come back when I shoot the field, man, I wanna do like an installment where motherfucker walk in the club and we done transfer, we done transform the whole club. Maybe hook motherfuckers up and they swing across the motherfuck club and shit. Like literally I wanna do shit. 'cause think about it, bro. Atlanta is supposed to be the media capital of The World, but when you go to the club, you don't feel that shit.


Like when I'm in Europe and going to phone parties and you know what I'm saying? I had an idea one time to, what's that? The ninja? What's the ninja shit? The Ninja Warriors. I wanted to do some shit. 'cause black people, we be so clean now. We don't be wanting to get dirty. You can't get into the motherfuck club unless you do some ninja shit. You gotta get in the water and jump across some shit. Like, I really want a motherfucker to leave the club and be like that nigga b something ain't right about. Yeah. I want people to have fun. Do something different. Yeah. And dance and shit again. Smile or do something. You know what Emini here, I feel like you gotta just like, he creates a lot of the fun in Atlanta. Shit show he put me down with the Miguel Wilson shit the other day.


You know what I'm saying? You just gotta find the communities now and have your own fun with like-minded people. You know what I'm saying? Because a lot of people don't, they don't know nothing but sit down. Not, not those people, but sit down and blow a hookah. That's all they know What we gonna do it. Y'all. And, and again, I I wanna tell y'all man, before we get in this man how, how proud I am of y'all and I wouldn't have got into much political shit if it wasn't for y'all. But I actually waited to come on the show because I really didn't know what I wanted to say. For a while. I had lost myself. I didn't know really what my basis was anymore because, And I had given so much like no lie, think about this man.


Think about how we talked about this in the beginning of the show. People don't talk about the level of producer I am bro. I've produced Quincy Jones before. People don't talk about that shit bro. Why you think, why you think that? Why do you think, I think sometimes when you got people like let's say I think there's no way for you to talk about a top five and not put Ice Cube in it. I just think there's no way for you to do that. Like that dude went from one co conquer, one coach, right. All the way to another coach. Got them, got they producers and then conquer that shit again. Like the living legend, right? Like but I think what happens with black folks is when they see that you all right and other shit, I even give a greater example.


Damn. I ain't never thought about it. How in the fuck is Outkast considered one of the top artists out of any genre of music? And you don't say they the best rap group. They gotta be the best rap group that you consider them to be the best in rock in country and all that kind of shit. I say That a lot. You gonna trump them. I say that a lot as far as it's concerned as rappers. I say that a lot. You Can't do that. Yeah. How you gonna say that this level is higher than this level and then you just going to not say that he knocked, dispersed. Yeah. Don sense. That don't make sense to me. But anyway. Yeah. So IIII look at it from the standpoint of people see that I got so much other shit going on.


He'll be all right. But what I noticed as southerners, we too nice. We never really wanna took our spot. We too kind like the West Coast went and took they shit, bro. Mm. Yeah. Like we still don't have that proper film depiction yet of what we do right now. I'm gonna tell you what I think it is by south niggas, bro. Niggas Just feel like shit, we can just get out paper. They don't want to get into the politics other side of it. You know what I'm saying? This shit come from, they started this shit up North West had it. We got it. We finna milk the money out this shit. You know what I'm saying? Even though we, we coulda took it like took it. Mm. But every time a nigga tried to do it, we see what they doing.


They crucifying these niggas at the top. But the truth is it go back to history bro. It's us where James Brown from bro. Like, like, like, like, like people talk all that. Like I even go from a hip hop perspective, bro. Like when you ask most people favorite hip, hip, hip, hip hop producer. I used to say Primo, right? Primo can prairie you bro. He's from Texas. He from Texas. Yeah bro. Yeah. Yeah. But the case get crossed that bro. Yeah. Like if you look at your samples, your samples are here. Mm. It goes back to show you how God works. We just talking about God, the history bro. Your people are from here bro.


Mm. Your people. And we are from here. So there's no way that you can't skip past your grandparents. Harlem is the south bro. Mm. I lived in Harlem for six years. That's us. Mm. That's where black people went to. That's the reason why they act. That's so much style. They got so much grace. Like that's what our people Yeah, I know that. That's what our people, that's why I love Harlem so much. When I, when I went to Harlem, all my homies from New York was like, why won't you go nowhere else? Because 'cause this feel like Mississippi bro. Yeah. Harlem feel like Mississippi to me. And so like we, part of our problem is we don't know our history. That's why fight night was so important to me, bro. Like when you see how important the number runners were, the dope dealers weren't to Atlanta being what they are.


But, but you can have white folks and they'll give you their scar faces and they, John Gotti's and all of these different people. But we throw away our history. Yeah. We throw away our history. As soon as white people say that they, man, come on bro. That was, if you look even about the history of Martin Luther King, I was sitting out in front of Pretty Kin grab me and say, brown, I know you love history. He sat me down in front of a, a a, a Citizen's Trust bank on Martin Luther King. And I want you to talk to some of the OGs. Yeah. And he told me a story, bro. That was so powerful, bro. I don't even know if it's my place to say it.


It was so powerful. But he was like, that OG sat me down. He was like, b you ever notice that Martin Luther King outside of his church never talked or spoke in Atlanta like he did in Birmingham and the other places? You ever notice that? And did you, you know why? Because the streets told him, bro, you talking to integration shit, the Atlanta clubs was so popping that white folks came to the black clubs in Atlanta. It was so popping. And the black businesses was so popping we didn't need them. So they told Martin, you kid, you could talk that integration shit anywhere you want to, you can't talk again. Yeah.


He did whatever he wanted to do in his church. But outside of that, he didn't speak in Atlanta. 'cause the streets told him that we will protect you, we'll take care of you, but you can't talk that shit. You gonna kill the black moon. And Martin Luther King didn't notice it till right before he died. Well, he told Harry Bete, I think I've integrated my people into a burning house. Yes. Yes. So all you gotta do, the problem is, is that we don't study. We don't care nothing about our history, bro. Yeah, I'll say this. There is no way in the hell you should go to any of these towns where you got legacy artists and not here history.


When you go to la you hear Dre, you hear Snoop, Snoop, you go, even if they're instrumental, even if it's a instrumental in the white motherfucking restaurants, you'll hear Tribe called Course you'll hear run DM c you'll hear it should be the same. It's cultural in the, there's no way that you go to, to Mississippi and not hear no DAVID BANNER at all. Mm. That you come to Georgia not hear no Lil John, no Pastor Troy, no outcasts, no usher. You understand what I'm saying? We, we, they have beat history out of us so much that from a cellular level there are certain things that we don't like that we have trauma towards because of the pain.


Mm. Yeah. My opinion, my Emini here, my opinion Them Big fat. What Nah, what you Saying is correct bro. Like, we forget about our people too fast. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll tell that. And And most of these people, my bad, most of these people, it could be rappers, it could be anything. It could be singles. It could be somebody that just did something great before we, we forget that they're heroes too fast. And like he said, like even the gangsters, even the gangsters like, come On. But we'll live off all the shit that they did. All they hard work, we'll live off that, but we won't say they name it. Is that not the reason why I told you I hired you? Regina may not be a big, big part, but the issue may be.


But she got something to do with our musical history. And I told her, I'm gonna make sure that people know your fucking name. And when we was on our podcast, when people see what do they, what do they scream? I used to start my podcast like that. And it's funny because I didn't even mean to do it that way, but that's what I meant by Fight Night for all of them, hustlers, all of them. Number runners, bro. All of 'em Strip club owners. It's one in particular. But that's not my place to talk to history because I'm an outsider. So I'm very, I'm, I'm very careful with me again trying to play Jesus. Mm.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing in Heels with Rachel Zoe. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to travel The World in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Skymile experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that is as unique as you are. Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/skymile experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


This Is Jana Kramer from Wind Down with Jana Kramer. Who else is over the pressure of New Year's resolutions? Instead of magically transforming overnight, let's prioritize ourselves all year round with Hand and Stones lifestyle membership. It's a permission slip for guilt-free self-care, like monthly massages and facials that leave you glowing. Give yourself the gift of relaxation and rejuvenation with a hand and stone membership. Because sometimes a little pampering is all you need to conquer The World. I always had such a hard time with self-care And I also didn't get a lot of facials Emini here. Probably one facial a year. But now I have a hand in stone membership And I love it. And every month I go And I'm so glad that I do because it's not only relaxing but my skin is changing. A hand in stone membership is an investment in your overall wellbeing. It's a commitment to prioritizing self-care and creating a life filled with moments of peace and tranquility. And you deserve it. So ditch the resolutions and embrace self-love. Visit www.handinstone.com or your local hand in stone spa to become a member today. You deserve it Ma.


That's a hell of a point though. Even the gangsters like we don't celebrate the gangsters that actually played it all the way. Gangster nigga told on nobody. He ain't never robbed this homie. We, we celebrate but we'll talk more about the niggas who tell it Rats. You know what I'm saying? We'll make you, we'll make it known. This nigga told us. So we just that, that mean ain't nobody real won't, we won't celebrate the niggas who actually stood for something And then get mad at the kids. 'cause the kids will gravitate more into the people that you talk about. Kid kids don't listen to what you say. They look at what you do. Same thing we told you. Fuck what you talk about nigga. It is where you spend your money. Mm. I don't give a fuck about no Instagram. I don't give a fuck about none of that shit.


What do you spend your money? What you care about? Mm. Who you marry is what you care about. Mm. All the rest of that shit is a whole bunch of bullshit. Mm. That's what, that's the reason why I love these kids. Even from a revolutionary standpoint. Look at what these kids do that we didn't do. These kids don't talk about the white man. The white man. The kids say no, John Doe that worked at flipping pancakes on 52 60 Bird Street. That's where that motherfucker work at. Let's go get him and his job. That's what I learned from these kids. I'm gonna specifically, who is the man? Let's stop talking about the man. We understand that there is a systemic problem. We talked about that and that there is a system.


But let's find out who exactly are those people and go after they as. Yeah because we'll go after each other. Motherfuckers step on your shoes. Don't bring your dope back. We going directly to his house. So why don't we go to they house? Mm. And it was funny, a white comedian said it a couple days ago. He was, he was like, he was like, you know, this is something harsh to say, he said, but slavery was kind of neat and everybody was like, why? It was like white people Emini here. Black people are so much faster than us. They could have took off and ran and we wouldn't have been able to catch them Emini here if we could, but we would've caught them. They fight better than us. They could have turned around and beat our, the fact that we controlled them was sort of neat.


And if you take all the emotions away from that, we now have the ability to wake the fuck up. I say the same thing about our diet. You ain't no fucking slave no more. You don't have to eat scratch from a fucking pig no more. Right. You choose to do that. And if you choose to do it, I don't judge you. That ain't my place to judge My bad because y'all, they just done prepped it up into chicken nuggets and shit. Now they Just not real shit bro. They just done piece that shit up to where you make it. It don't look like straps But Marketing Or, or they or they or they play it in a way or they play it in a way. Oh my god. That make us think that it, it's something that it, it It's just the pee It, it's still that bullshit.


It's still chilling. Then they putting all the bullshit. Just Pack that shit Rod. I told what I told you man. What those certain nuggets are mad out. What dolphins? Yeah man, No damn. Thank you. Ain't no damn dolphins on that shit man. That's that shit that come off the flow when they cut the meat and the rest of that shit left. Grind that shit up man. Put some flavor on it And fries. Same thing that they did with back in the day when we used to drink mal liquor. When, you know, when they talk about filtered beer. Filtered beer, the malt. So that's the piss off the shop of they good beer. Yeah. I had a homeboy who had money and still would drink that shit.


Oh he still reserved. He steal the Shit liquor go steal something. Go to jail for something. Real motherfucker would chill. He was steal ice man. Come on. Come on dog. The glass that they put Ice man there with more than the Beer dog. Alright, So this is what I tell y'all in closing again, I'd like to thank y'all for giving me the opportunity to speak about shit that our parents used to die for. You know, sometimes it is hard for me. I could have made so much more money. I will say that I am, I'm comfortable in myself now enough to say I'm a fucking genius. Right. Ain't much that I done touched that I wasn't successful there.


Right. Right. I made certain choices to be a certain type of man and I'm proud of the man that I am, but I refuse to let my future children suffer. Right. I'm, I'm going to be successful. I'm, I'm going to do what I'm supposed to do and that may mean that I have to step away from some of the things that I'm passionate about. Right. In order to get what I know that I deserve. But I appreciate y'all for giving me the opportunity to speak my mind open door because one thing that I am, and John Henry Clark said this one of the way, one of the ways that we can be free or get free is just acting like free. Mm. The fact that I can come here and even if we don't agree with each other, that you at least let me say my peace And entertain my thought process and train Of thought.


Yes. Or at least let me get it out out. That's originally what my podcast was supposed to be. Wasn't it Regina? Like it was supposed to be be a place. Like if a star got in trouble, we may not agree with you, but come at least you can get your statements out here. Right. I remember, bro, when they set Chris Brown up on Good Morning America, bro, that was one of the most vicious things I ever saw in my life. Yeah. That so fucked up. That wasn't right. It wasn't. And I don't believe that people have many places where they can come and just be theyself and, and, and I'm gonna say this, you know, and Emini here this and I'm not just going to fight back to fight not because of what it did for me, but you know, they try to get us to play pimps, hustlers and dope dealers and all that kind of shit.


Movies because they think that we are gonna make these people character caricatures and of our culture. But it is my responsibility because I come from that shit is to give them humanity. Yeah. One thing about motioning and grace, people felt good about motioning, but they knew he wasn't a fucking joke. Bitch, I don't give a fuck. Will you get it? Get it out chance. That's my cousin four fucking real. He say that all the time, bitch, get it out jazz. Who the fuck will you get it from? We back to see, they trying to play us with all this power and like a motherfucker mean all the time. Most of the killers that I know, the coolest niggas in The World, except they go from one to 1 million and it ain't no fucking middle ground.


It is my responsibility because I love coaches so much that if I'm gonna play the pimp, that's the reason why people felt most slim so fucking much. Yeah. It is because I'm going to give my people humanity or I'm not gonna do this shit y'all, I'm gonna leave y'all with this. This shit hurt me so bad. Although I come from that environment, it is still my responsibility to study. Do you agree? Yes sir. All so I went and researched some of the most notorious pimps, especially some from the Midwest. 'cause that's where my character was from. Right. Y'all, this shit hurt me so bad bro. And I don't get emotional much, but this made me emotional. They asked him, what did you want to be when you were a child?


Guess what he said? He said he wanted to be a gymnast. You let that sit for me. You know what that meant? I thought he would've wanted to be a football player or dope dealer. Something aggressive. There was so much disparity in his motherfucking neighborhood that it went from him wanting to be a gymnast to a fucking pimp. Ain shit ass in the middle. That's a fucking problem. Real shit. Real shit bro. That shit hurt me so bad, bro. Real that shit. He wanted to be a gymnast, flip around and leotards for the rest of his life. He wanted to play a dead serious.


Put it in my pocket. Yeah. Bitch, I ain't playing. I, and so it is my responsibility to show the humanity in him, to show the fucking humanity. That's my fucking job as a actor and ain't nobody on this planet gonna beat me doing it. Mm. Motherfuckers gonna look back and be like that's a bad motherfucker. And I'll say this too, so they won't do it to nobody else. And so many, in so many cases, we allow the kings and our neighborhoods, the kings in our state, the kings from where we from to go somewhere else and be generals in somebody else's farming when they could have been our kings.


Right. And then we talk about 'em like shit. When we don't realize that we did not nurture them. We talk about people leaving our neighborhoods, but if we really treated people, think about it. The motherfuckers who do stay, we rob 'em. Kill the smart motherfuckers. We call 'em nerds. Kill 'em. We treat 'em like shit. Yep. And they ain't get mad when a motherfucker don't come back. Mm. That's some rich shit. And the neighborhoods, the niggas who do the shit that we say that niggas don't do, we let them die. Yep. And do nothing about it. Yep. We can't help some shit just going happen. Yeah. But a motherfucker gonna know he was here. Right. We try to do better and stop talking so much shit.


And we treated people, the city of Memphis tried to pay me to live there bro. They were gonna take care of everything. And then somebody on the board paid on you. They faxed the lyrics to play one girl. I'm about to. We so they changed their mind about me. But I think we puss are good for the society. I agree. You agree? I agree. And but, but like I'm, I was thinking about all of the tax incentives. I was thinking about all the things that Memphis was, was offering at the time for me to come and move to their city. To do what? People don't know. Like what Maynard Jackson did, you know, for re and Babyface to be here.


You know what I'm saying? This shit don't happen. You gotta have a plan and we gotta stop trying to, right. We gotta stop trying to guilt trip motherfuckers. White supremacy, if you a fucking sellout, they may kill you in the end, but they'll put you on their TV show you cut your hair off and then, and tighten your ass up and suck your nose in. They'll give you an opportunity. We gotta be real white. Supremacy pays black supremacy guilt trips. So if you, if you show these kids that you'll take care of them. If they come back to the community, it would be easier for them to not fucking leave. But you don't do shit but whoop on their ass and talk about 'em and make 'em feel bad.


We gotta stop that shit, man. I, them facts. We gotta stop that shit. Make sure y'all tune in and, and y'all do everything that y'all supposed to make sure the Big Facts stay there. This be one of the biggest media conglomerates in The World. You got real folk doing real shit. Real shit. And, and thank y'all for not leaving us. Thank y'all for staying us and thank y'all for evolving. I love y'all And I appreciate you. Thank you for picking up the phone when I need you. Anytime. You know, Beautiful. Making you feel a certain kind of way while I touch. I touch you one more time. Yes. Nah. Best thing you said though, Bella. You said, said it bro. We gotta protect our smart people, bro. You know what I'm saying?


We see these people be smart and we, we clown 'em for being smart. That's crazy. We gotta protect our Smart. And then 'em smart niggas gotta stop throwing their motherfucker ass up at the motherfucker. 'cause they smart too. If you fucking smart, your job is to teach. That's what I say about them niggas yelling. A lot of them niggas, they made people hate being smart. And that was the reason why, that was the reason why we made our own music. Because we tried to do what them smart niggas was doing and they turned they nose up at Hmm. So they got a fucking responsibility too to come back and teach. Oh, dog motherfuckers. I can't stand them niggas, bro. I can't stand niggas that act like, bro, you, you in a God position, God, god, God is information. God is knowledge.


God is freedom. You get in a God position and you pray for freedom and you pray for, for, for God to forgive you every day. And you don't come back and fuck with your people. Turn bitch. What as is. Final question. Final question. That is what? This, this dis all So what what's that fine line though? We'll take Nipsey hussle. What's the fine line of going back but protect self? What's the fine line from David? Battle? The spirit of discernment. Like, I, I had to realize that man, sometimes people are just hurt. It ain't personal. A lot of times when you dealing with people in the hood, it ain't that they dislike you, but you are a mirror to show them what they don't feel like they can do. Mm. And like if y'all know this man, I was never the type of rapper to wear a whole bunch of, I don't wear my jewelry out unless I'm going to shine on a mother, another motherfucker that got what I got.


Mm. And, and I'm at that point in my life where I can have some nice shit. But when I was coming up in the trenches, I knew how I felt. Motherfucker, I'm hungry. I like DAVID BANNER, he cool and shit. Shit like, And I knew that if I was that kind of guy, I'm a good guy. I know. Unless motherfucker today, that's why I ain't never or what they'll do. Yeah. Like if you ever sleeper, I never Virginia, do I ever stay in the club longer than I don I never get a motherfucker enough time to get drunk enough. Not just drunk, but if you are smart, you're strategic. Yeah. So I'm never giving the motherfucker enough time to come up with a plane up. Yeah, exactly. Oh yeah, yeah. I got that pistol on me.


I was do, but but that but that thin line bro. That thin line bro is just knowing what you used to be. Yeah. And, and like I told you, I I don't know if this was on tape or not keeping your bird heart, but developing the snake's mind. That's real. You know, I, I know I'm, I'm gonna tell y'all something that I know know about me. And I don't know if I ever said this on, on, on camera before. I know a lot of my contemporaries don't like me and they don't like me because if DAVID BANNER becomes popular, then etiquette and morals mean something. Mm. See that's the thing that they, they, they, they don't show or they don't talk about what pop and Nipsey, these were people who, who, who honor meant something.


Your word meant something. And so if Nipsey becomes the most powerful motherfucker, then you can't treat women any kind of way that you want to. You can't not keep your word. You cannot have a code if pop is the number one rapper and you gotta say something about the Black Panthers because now that he dead, you don't talk about that part about him. You cannot talk about pop and not talk about revolution, not talk about the people. You cannot be, you cannot, DAVID BANNER cannot be popular and you not honor the hood. You not honor the solid. You can't say he stupid. Look at Mississippi. The the artists that came out Mississippi that you know of are some of the smartest on planet.


Tell me crit ain't smart. Mm. Tell me David better ain't smart. Tell me t Lopez ain't smart. Tell me Ray Shroom ain't define fucking a close and, and and, and and, and, and and being free thinkers. Come on man. So you can't say that shit no more. But what they want is they want an unadulterated   with no morals and no value. So then they can do anything without music. And it's not his fault because he doesn't know any better. And I never criticized the rapper because most rappers told you what they were. Mm. There was one female rapper in particular that I, I I respect her so much.


'cause she told you who she was in the beginning and she never faulted for that. And then people, once she became a multimillionaire was like, I don't believe no succeed. This is who the fuck I'm those who know. No, I she told you she was, that she handled her business and stood on her business and stood on her business. Yeah. You got respect. I I fucking respect that. Yeah. Now you got to, that is the reason why I say it closing. If y'all ever notice all the stuff that I did with Katrina, all the stuff that I did front, it was maybe Ninth Wonder, ERY, Badu, TLE Ali, the rest of it was all gangster rappers.


Like there's somebody in particular who probably the spouse, second favorite gangster rapper, he brought me 10, $20,000 a day. But I don't want nobody to know. He said, I know if you have it, it's gonna get to the people. He said, but I don't, I don't, I don't need no fame for doing the right thing. Anything that I've ever done for the streets, anything I've ever done for the community that came through gangster rap. I'll never forget this in my life, bro. And I hope you don't mind me telling, telling this story, bro. And I, I'll end with this. I was driving through Midtown right when set got out of prison And I was like, what up dog? He said, og, he was like, og, can I get your number?


He said, I need some help. And I was like, what bro? What you mean? He's like, I wanna do better. I don't know how to, And I was like, damn. I was so fucking like for a man Yeah. To open his heart and like bro, I just, and then that's right when the Migos went. So I can understand why that connection didn't happen, but he asked me like, I just, I want to know, can you help me know what's best? Yeah. It's real. So it's, it's our responsibility, our children, we can say whatever we want to about these kids'. Music. Our children are a direct reflection of what we did or did not teach them. Banks say that all the time. Right? So if, if, if, if, if, if they're not going in the right directions, 'cause we didn't point 'em in the, in the right direction.


We don't have, we don't have no connection. We can show them what to do. We didn't put them on. If you look at the, the generation after me, then that's the soldier boy era on to what we have now that's the same generation. Oh no. No. Before him was a generation that we skipped over. And guess who was three rappers in that, in that category? You can't name me many after them. iTrick, Kenzie, Lamar and j Cole. Their generation was the generation after us and we didn't usher them in and it was about three to five of them. And there was no more rappers out their generation for the most part. And that's our part.


And it wasn't because we were selfish, it was because we didn't know what we were doing. We didn't have lawyers that were from the city and marketing company. We had to figure that shit out. So we trying to hold this shit up if we business businessmen and rappers and do the beats and tour and every fucking thing else. And we didn't have an opportunity to pull the kids up. Snoop was the only other person I ever heard talk about though that was our fault. So the kids put themselves on, so why should they fuck with us? We didn't do nothing to pull them up, up. So all I can do is be here and be an example. And y'all be surprised what kids call me and the questions that they ask. So they just waiting on that stuff.


Sure. David Bannon, we appreciate you man. You know you're welcome. Anytime I'm Big Facts. Y'all make sure y'all support everything. What's that website again man? DAVID BANNER Dot Com. There you go. DAVID BANNER dot com support everything he got going on. Fight Night. Fight night right now. Yeah. Yeah. Stream that Message. Check us out too. Family Business coming up on BET. That's, that's coming up. Okay. Huh? Family Business. Oh, family Business New Orleans. Yeah. It's family business New Orleans. Shout out to that girl, Gina over there And everything intact before I go. It was the movie that I played to God in before I go really, really, really excited about that man. And you know what, what I just ask people just, just support, you know, you have to invest in people that you want to see successful.


Right. You know, if, if, if y'all, if black people are all emotional about politics, I don't understand this, this last thing I promise I'm gonna go with Jimmy. Why do we go get the same motherfuckers who didn't give a fuck about no politics before to talk about politics Now I never understood this shit. Why don't you go get the motherfuckers who've always been talking politics? That's always, if you don't do that, yeah. We go get the same motherfuckers that's popular and then expect them to know or do what's best for us. Mm. If I, I talked about this on another show. If we been engineered into a problem, wouldn't it be smarter to get a fucking engineer if we really want some real answers? But don't we just want talk about this shit?


Yeah. Do nothing. Yeah. I don do I be gonna dig the wrong Shit and be the only, like that nigga dumb as hell. That why I be just, what's Your son Aries? Oh yeah, you wanna do something? I wanna do something. But you know what I am gonna do bro? I'm I'm gonna get a whole bunch of money man. And, and y'all my, my my dream. You know, I'm, I'm, I gotta go. I probably wanna buy water. I wanna buy water, whatever. Like as much as we talk revolution, if them white folks cut off our water, cut off our electricity, we gonna get right. Mm. You know what I'm saying?


Like I'm being serious. Jackson saw some of that. Right? Bro, I'm gonna tell you something when the camera's cut off. Alright? Like, I developed something bro and submitted it to some really powerful people, bro. Mm. Like if, if I'm gonna show you some of this Virginia, can you pull up that water thing for him? You got that? The, the water proposal bro. Like, like no bullshit. I'll say this and now I'm, I'm gonna shut up. I really, really believe that my talents and my ability to think is being wasted. Yeah. And bro, I really think that I can help do some things that can help change The World. Hmm.


And Derek Grace said it one time. Derek Grace said, could you imagine DAVID BANNER with a billion dollars or billions of dollars that his accessible whatever we think about that we could really do it. Mm. And we wouldn't have to go to nobody else. You know? And that's the reason why I was telling you that I gotta be more quiet. 'cause look at what level I'm getting to. And you know 'em folks, like, as much as black people think that you get some credit or some money being revolutionary, you don't. Hmm. Them motherfuckers scare me, bro. And I, I I finally break my way through them doors and then I start popping that shit again. And then if y'all notice, I slowly disappear.


You even sat after show, like, make sure that you don't go disappear again. Yeah. And you don't think I'll get wrong. The motherfucker be like, yeah, that did it to me on Instagram. Like, okay with your hot ass. It was a tiny member time every time I spoke, 78,000, whatever, you know what I'm saying? Gave me that shit went down to 300. You know, but you know what it taught me and what God has shown me is that means we have to build our own technology and our own platform. Yeah. We gotta we gotta stop, you know, giving our power to other people and then be surprised because they do the same thing every time. Right? I, I look at, I look at America as a snake and why is that?


Even if you had a pet rattlesnake and y'all was cool, you and the rattlesnake was cool, motherfucker decided to bite you one day. Would you be surprised? No. Why? Because it's still snakes. Historically, people, all these snakes, are there some good snakes? Yeah. The black snake for a farmer may be the best snake on this fucking planet. May be the best animal on this planet. Keeps the rats out. All kind of good shit. Right? But like Mar Emini here, like Muhammad Ali said, when you see a black snake, if it's out amongst a whole bunch of other snakes, you're not gonna be like, Ooh, that's black snake. Now he be like, fuck all of snakes.


Big Facts. Big DAVID BANNER on Big Facts. Triple W po some money. Gimme more some money. Yeah. Man, the streets. Exactly. It's Big Facts.


Bitch. Thursday on a b, c, get ready to move that bus. The beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, tol old homes and rebuild not just houses, but lives. Extreme Makeover Home edition premiers Thursday at eight seven Central on a, b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu


State Farm and DJ Ramos From life as a gringo, no. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. In my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then get my first apartment, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for me. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


You Ever get the feeling the city walls closing in the concrete jungle, suffocating your soul. You crave wide open spaces, the chance to connect with nature, maybe chase some milk, fish, a private stream. Well listen up. There's a whole world out there. And finding your own piece of it just got easier. Head over to land.com. They've got ranches, forest Mountains, you name it. Search by acreage location, the kind of hunting or fishing you dream of land.com. It's where the adventure begins.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the Garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.