
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's Like to go from nothing to something to wish That. We had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2000 And 21. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to That cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing. And ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try And decide.


You could sit there And. Listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet. Coke 'cause If. you want It to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice, then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold. Diet Coke. And, take a Diet Coke break.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the hose ultra open earbuds I, think I would describe It just very seamless. It can definitely be something That you can style. It is Like earing candy. Check out bulls.com for more Moments. Like


seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more I. Take Ibrance palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, And, liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite.


Big, big bang. It is what It is. PJ scream, you don't be on nothing. I be on Baby Jade. Okay, So let me ask you This then. Bring you big, big Big Facts right now. Visit the new website today. Big Facts paw.com Com. Coming to you live from the coaching lab. It's time for Big. Facts, big bank, baby J DJ Screen Welcome to today. Rapper. Motivational speaker as well. The one and only D one is here on Big. Facts. What up? What up? What up? What up? What up? Thank y'all. Thank y'all. Welcome, Welcome, welcome, brother. I've Been waiting for this moment. You heard me? And and we have too. We have too. What's, what's on, what's on your mind today? What's on your what, what's on your spirit and your energy? Man, I feel, I feel blessed because you remember that 50 cent and the game song hated and love it.


The underdogs on top. And I'm gonna shine homie in til my hard stop. That's how I feel, bro. Like I told you off air, I was like, bro, this been a good season, man. Like, I could just feel things growing. I feel more people paying attention to my music, my moves, my whole movement, everything. And it's a blessing. 'cause I think I'm mature enough to know like what all this is is for. This is for man. All this attention that that we get is to really try to teach people something that's gonna help they lives out. You know what I mean? Some people get the attention and they think it's just all about them. This ain't about me. I'm being used in this season though, by God. You heard me? I'm being used. So I'm getting the attention.


But I know who to give it right back to You know, which is God. And, And a lot of that I think is because whether people agree or disagree with you, you're being true to yourself. And, I tell people, when you step into that space of being true to yourself, then everything just starts coming together. Effort effortlessly for you. So I definitely salute you for always speaking your truth and standing on what you stand on. And, and, and in a tasteful way, fighting to fight to agree or agree to disagree. 'cause that's what it's all about at the end of the Day. See, communication leads to unification. That's what I live by. You heard me? Yeah. I made that up. And I made that up one day. Or I think I was rapping And. I was like, Ooh, that's a bar. Matter of fact, that's in the song I got that's about to come out. Communication leads to unification. We not gonna all agree on everything. We was sitting here talking about which food spot is the best.


And everybody's saying, oh, this spider, I don't like this person. Or I, they, they all, half the time, it's okay to not agree on everything, but let's at least communicate. And in our culture, we kind of got these cliques that's like, oh, this, this the type of time you on you on this type of energy. Well, all y'all hang together. Oh, you D one, you on something else. Well, you and all your people hang together. No, man. 'cause we all one, at the end of the day, we are all one. And we gotta have a, a way to have these difficult conversations. So when it come to hip hop, I'm just like, oh, we got a lot to talk about in this culture. 'cause hip hop is bigger than any other movement going for black people right now. There's nothing bigger pertaining to black people than hip hop.


So let's at least be honest about the culture and talk about what's good, what's healthy about it, and what might need to change and improve about it. And that's what I, that's what I've been talking on lately from the heart, from lived experiences, being in this game for a long time. Ups downs, good, bad and ugly. And just having these convos, man, and yeah, it got me on Big. Facts. There it is. That is there. It is. So, so, so what are some of the things that you, you think is lacking in the culture? Like. Some of the things That know, just ring out to you Off top. know the top I. Think we in the Matrix right now? I. Think I Think one thing. We, we, we love to kumbaya around killing. We love to hear a bunch of music. Glorifying Murder And.


We be Like You know. That's my song right there. We turning up to That, man, I'm going to the club tonight. I can't wait till they play That. Matter of fact, till they play 20 songs. Like That, we gotta stop Kumbaya around killing And. If we, if we saying, Hey, It is It, It is just we, that's our stuff. Like don't criticize That. All right, cool. Then why do we cry when rappers die? But when they're alive, we love to hear him glorify murder That type of stuff. Just don't make sense to me no more. Why do You think That is? Why do I think That is I? Think That for about 30 years now. Jade. Yes. I. Think about 30 years AT this point. We have become more And, more numb to what got pushed on us.


AT one time when we was all little babies, It was kind of being pushed on the rappers for the first time. Like, Hey, if y'all rap about these negative topics, we'll we'll give y'all some more bread. We'll assign y'all quicker. We'll incentivize y'all to rap about this stuff. And, once a few people took the bait, And was Like know I'm gonna do It. And. Then they start rapping about It. And. They see man, the fans loving this stuff. And. Then people start to get more And more used to It. Now, in 2024, a dude that's sitting here saying, bro, I, just think That glorifying, murdering ourselves is, is bad. I. Look, Like the outcasts people looking. AT It, Like D one. Man, you tripping man. you talking about we shouldn't be rapping about murdering ourselves.


And selling dope to our people. That's crazy. Yo common sense ain't controversial. Yo I ain't no controversial. Do you heard me? But in this culture, in this day, And age 2024. Common sense is controversial. And, And, we seen It. I'm speaking on this stuff. And, I'm speaking Big Facts. But they don't want That. They want the big cap. What you thinking about how you feel when the niggas feel Like? Man D one. you need to get out my motherfucking business, man. Your business. If it's your business, then keep It to yourself. Don't put It out there for the World to hear. Won't you put It out there for the World to hear? It ain't your business no more. you heard me? It's public content for everybody to consume. So, you know, And critique.


And Critique. Thank you You know we need That other C in there, not just consume know. We to the point nowadays where Katz is Like, man, nobody better not even say That. My album ain't dope. If somebody go online, And, do a review of my album And. They say my album was whack or they ain't Like. It, it's up. you know what I mean? I got I got issues with That person. Come on man. We gotta, we gotta do better than That brother. We got to. So for me, I'm not ever critiquing people's character. I'm critiquing people's content. And. I'm not even saying if something is whack or not whack. 'cause they got songs. That, I'm from New Orleans. Look, when Laffy Taffy first came out, you couldn't have told none of us That. That was about to be a hit back in New Orleans.


We was Like. No sir, ain't no way this song finna go And. Then you saw Blo blo blo blo off the charts. And. Next thing you know, all us seen New Orleans girl ain't That 11, tell 11. Tell dancing. Like boosting. you know me, I boosting be AT. The AT the ho game. Shout Out the low because Lo felt the same way about That shit, man. But That shit got the money, Man. So red should be magic You know it's magic. you go ahead know It. It is It is It is magic. When you see how a song could catch on And, get so big And, then everybody singing It And. Then the whole culture That follows It. So when you see That stuff, it's Like. All right? Music has real power. We gotta take this power serious man.


Like, do everybody on this show believe in God? Of course. Curious. All right? Of Course. So we believe in God. We love God. And. We all love hip hop, right? I. Just think That, AT a certain point. We gotta make a decision. What do we love more? God or hip hop. Which one? Shit, God always come. I mean. I don't mean curs. And say his name. But God always comes first. All right? So as we say, That, now we going, we gonna go one step AT a time. As you say, That, God always comes first before hip hop. Then if we see things going on and hip hop, that's not of God. And. That, God would be Like. Oh. No, I can't, I can't rock with That. I can't ign That. Who said, who said how God feel about you?


The, the, the Bible. Who? Who? You. But the Bible. The Bible. The Bibles One. Religion though. T. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm asking. If, you believe in. So you, you say you believe in God, but you don't believe in the Bible. Yes, We It's different religions. Police. No, no, no. Okay. Even percent. Even if It ain't the Bible, the, the, the Koran. If it's the Koran, whatever It is. Or, or someone could be spiritual. And not Released any If. you spiritual. Then you believe That God. Do y'all think God want us out here killing ourselves? And killing each other? No Oh there we go. know. So when we hear music that's glorifying us killing each other, then AT a certain point. We gotta be Like. Dang. Do I go with this catchy music? That, It, It. Sound good, And. It's banging, but it's really talking about us killing each other.


And. It's Like. It's making It sound. Like cool. Like, we really bragging on That stuff. Or do I be Like. I'm gonna resist That temptation. And. I'm gonna go with what, what You know God would approve of, which is Like. They got a whole bunch of other music out here that's not glorifying. That. And. Let me just pick some of That to play. you know what I'm saying? Like, that's what I be on because That music has power. And It starts out as a song. But then for some people, It becomes a anthem. Then for some people, It becomes a lifestyle. And. When we talk about we why people don't say this about movies, why people don't say this about right. know video games. know. Tell me the last actor, my bad. If I keep doing It. I'm you. I'm I'm, I'm I'm a touchy person. you motherfuckers off, you know You You know. Look when the last time a actor caught a RICO charge.


you heard me when the last time a actor got put in jail for, for Merk And something. I'll wait. Nah, we, you right, you right. Like Chas, We speaking of Big Facts today, you know me with That being said, It is clear. That and hip hop. Man, this stuff is hitting different. These, these messages is not the same as movies. And video games. 'cause the people who listen to rap And, who making the music actually carrying this stuff out sometimes, bro. So when we see That Like, bro, Like I told Like, I told Scream off camera Like man, I teach a college class right now. you heard me? AT. Tufts University. That's in Boston. One of the assignments I had my students do was to write Kodak Black a letter in jail.


you know what I'm saying? He's a lot of, they favorite rapper, but they favorite rapper locked up in jail. So I was Like man, You know Kodak, me, And Kodak, they interacted a few times. And And. We cool with each other. So I had my whole class write him a letter. While he was in jail, he got out. you know, thankfully know is is back home. Soon as he got out, we was DMing each other. He was Like. Man, thank y'all for them letters, bro. I got I. I read every letter from you. And your whole class. He was Like. Y'all snapped. And That stuff really, you know, inspired me when I was in there. I'm Like, man. That's, that's powerful, bro. But you can't say That about, man, my favorite actor who was in this movie. Dang. He locked up. He doing a bid right now. And. We gotta write letters to him behind the wall. No, man, this rap stuff hit totally different.


Totally different. So, because It has That type of power, it's just Like, man. I got, I got smoke for the fans who just sit back, And, they're Like. We gonna listen to this music. And, we gonna consume all this. But then when something happened to the rapper, Oh, they in jail. Oh That Ain't nothing. Y'all T I put a song out A few years ago. This was on his paper trail album called My Life Your Entertainment Man. That song was so powerful. Just the title of That song. Tia said, this is my life, That. I'm really going to jail. I'm really losing what his partner name was. Who had got killed. Fellon Fellon, Fellon Johnson know, right? Philant Fe. I'm really going through this stuff, but this just y'all entertainment.


you heard me? So when y'all, y'all free thug as fans. Y'all ain't thug though. you not having to do That time with him. you not Thug's family. It's just a hashtag to a lot of fans. And, they, they don't care. Like, we, we, we hashtag And Free Thug. But we ain't here feeling the pain of Like. Damn. He ain't here with us no more. So You If, you feeling the pain. But I feel Like you different than the typical fan. You If you different than the typical fan. So my thing with the fans is, fans got power. Yo. As a artist, man, my fans, when I look in them comments on Instagram, And. When I look AT, what people say? I just dropped a new song today featuring Raheem Devon, right? It's called Purify My Eyes.


People loving the song. That stuff make me feel good, man. That stuff made me be Like, man. We gotta go hit the lab right after this Big Facts show And record some more music fans got the power to make you feel amazing. But with That being said, if your fans are gonna buck you up to man, go live That life. You rapping about It, man, Like know if fans is nudging you to really go do some toxic stuff, And, then when you get killed or when you get locked up, all you become is just a hashtag for them. And. Then they on to the next artist. They all right, rest in peace. Such And such. But we found a new favorite rapper that's gonna rap about killing or whatever. Now, That ain't cool, man. It's a lot of artists that's in jail or in the graveyard right now.


And. They had people around them who knew Like. Man, what you doing? How you living? How you rapping? How you moving in the streets? It ain't healthy. It ain't safe. But we ain't gonna say nothing. Why? Because it's entertaining to us. You feel Like. you were chosen to Like. Put this messes Up. know that's where the name D one come from. I'm D one. you heard me? But my first name, David. So I took the D from, from from David. And. I said I'm, I'm D one. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm the one, bro. I'm the one. That was chosen to put this out here. And. That don't mean That. There's not others that's chosen too. But me personally know Like. I been through too much, bro. I done seen too much. I had to figure out why did my best friend just get murdered right in front of our neighborhood where we grew up.


AT. Why did these dudes hold me up? you know, stick me up when I was in college. And put That iron right here on my temple. On my right temple. And about to blow my brains out. you know what I'm saying? Why was I the one who grew up listening to the hot bars? And no limit in New Orleans. And listening to the same music. But then I I, I won. Not a contest, but I got selected to go on this trip to go to Africa. When I'm 13 years old, the rest of the hood, you heard me, the rest of the goose, my dog off camera, he know growing up on, on Dwy Road in the Goose in New Orleans. Like. That ain't typical. A lot of us ain't even leaving the city. I left the continent. And went to Africa.


And had a whole different perspective on life. And, I'm just Like all these things. That happened. you know, stuff. That. I seen my mama, And daddy go through my grandparents. Like. Why And? It's Like. Oh, man. I'm the one, I'm one of the ones. That was chosen to be around all this stuff. But then figure out how to take all That And, turn It into something po positive. AT the end of the day. Like. I'm know, I'm pretty sure you get a lot of resistance, but shit, you be on Like from different rappers. And Shit resistance. Like. Which one? Which one really Like made you feel the way? Which one made me feel the way? So man I only really got, bro, I'm cool with 99% of the people who I run across.


To tell you the truth, the only person who I saw, who showed some outward resistance to anything That I said That. I was Like. Oh. Wow. He took That real serious was Like Rick Ross, right? I seen Rick Ross go online. And I was basically saying, brother, you are almost 50 years old. you blessed you immensely. Blessed you a boss in every sense of the World. AT this point. When I listen to your music as a fan, And, if I'm still hearing Like Dang Like, you glorifying murder. you glorifying drug dealing in your music. Like, what's up with That dog? Like? I. Feel Like. you could do better. And, his response to That, you know, to me saying That was he just went to Like.


We call It Ribbon in New Orleans. you heard me? you know what ribbon is? Ribbon is Like. What y'all might call It Joning or something, or roasting. You. You You You know. He just went straight to who is you? Lil Man basket head. Who is you? Basket headed started trying to imitate my accent. And talk Like me And all That make fun of me. you fake Ra little boy. you, you boy Oh before you ever talk about We. Hold on, hold on. What made him say That now? Because He's saying something about him. Because? Because I went 'cause I, because I was on the interview. I had just listened to some, some new music. That they had put out And Like I said, I'm a fan of the culture. I'm a fan of talent. I'm a fan of success, especially from our community. And, when I heard the music, I was Like.


I was shocked. Really? 'cause I'm thinking I'm about to listen to some, some stuff that's gonna tell us, you know, how you building your empire? And This That And the third And. When I'm listening to the singles That get put out, man, it's talking about murking cats. It's talking about killing this. It's talking about selling dope. I got a hundred, you know, pounds of this And, da da da And I just was shocked. And. I was just Like. Man. I feel Like, feel Like. We could do better. My brother I. Feel Like. you could do better than That. you know, And. So, so the response coming with That type of energy. That, let me know Like, Like, you're deflecting right now. you ain't addressed nothing. I said. you start talking about how many Turks you give out in the community. I never said you don't give out Turkish, but them Turkish feed people for one day.


Their music feed people for a lifetime. And. I'm just Like. Let's talk about It brother. And. Let's talk about the impact of That. you know, And cats get, you know cats get mad 'cause they feel Like. Oh, we, you said my name, you said my name. you are putting content out there for the public. What you mean? But you know Like, I'm gonna keep It real. you know it's Like, the internet World. So you can say certain shit. And people gonna to feeling Like, That shit. Especially if It sound kind of true. you know what I'm saying? you could have told me That, And make me look AT It a different way. But you put It out on the internet. Now people, It just See all That. Do you think people are just taking It the wrong way?


Because you said something about Like. When you say a man's name, you gotta be Ready to stand on his name. However you wanna say whatever you wanna say after That or do know whatever you want to do. 'cause you said his name. you put yourself in That position. know? Or do you think people are being just too sensitive? I, think That along with a lot of success in the rap game. For a lot of people comes a lot of ego for sure. A lot of ego. And a lot of pride. But who But who are you? If a nigga looking Like, who the fuck this nigga you talking about? What? know? I'm just saying Like a nigga. Like. If I never knew you all right. Like me personally. I never knew you. I never knew of a D one. I. Wake up the morning Ma. And. Dwan critiquing me. We. That's the You know Like.


Who the fuck is this nigga? They just off the rip. know And however you feel, AT least when I go in your page. Like. When I go in your page, I can see some DM from back in the day. you telling me Like og, you don't think you should be? you know what I'm saying? And I probably could respect you. Like. If. you reached out to me before you even went viral to catch my attention. you see what I'm saying? Like If. you the told Ross Like. Look And you. you ain't DM somewhere. Like. I don't I feel Like That. Shit, you pushing And. I don't fuck. It's bogus. Hey, something came bother me. If You know It ain't true. I'm gonna say That much too. Some No. I ain't saying you. I ain't saying you was lying. If. you could be telling the truth. know what I'm saying? Is a nigga could take It different If. you tell them first, Say Nigga look. Like, you clout Chase. See what He saying? We We bro. you know how long I've been famous for?


No, but you get what I'm saying though, right? Can you look AT It from That perspective. I definitely can I I. That's all I'm saying. I, get where you coming from. know it's just That. When cash run to the same old clout, 'cause It was Joe, It was It was Joe Button was talking. That talk too. Like, who is this dude? He just clout chasing. It's Like dog. Google is your friend, my brother. Go to Google And type in DEE Dash the number one And. you gonna see how long I've been standing on this same tip for I been I been saying these same type of things. Just Like bro. I love hip hop. I'm a hip hop baby. But AT a certain point man. We could do better in in in terms of our culture. And, it's different when you a OG versus you a yg. you just a teenager that's trying to figure life out. Your brain is still forming.


Or you in your twenties, And, you just coming into the money for the first time. That, That hit different. When you a little, a little kid coming up in this game, And, we supposed to be here as OGs to help guide you. But what? If, you are og but you really not. We we need to stop calling people. OGs, And. I'm not talking about anybody specific when I say this, but we need to stop calling people OGs 'cause just 'cause they're older. AT this point, you might be a dg. That's a disappointing grownup. you heard me straight up. That's Big Facts. you heard me know I need a cup. That's Big. Facts. That's Big Facts right there brother Like. We got, we got a lot of disappointing grownups in this culture, man.


And, we gotta call the spade a spade. So there has to be a way to have these conversations to where people realize, Like, man, this dude not hating on me personally. This dude is serving God. We all said we believe in God. And, I'm looking AT, It. Like man. I. Don't think God would be pleased with me if he be Like. Wait brother. So I had you down there on Earth. But you Know niggas is ignorant though. Okay? Lot of niggas ignorant. Cool Is you prepared to go? What? What Like, if a nigga do take It the wrong way is you prepared for That. I Already was prepared for It. I responded. Once I got responded to It in a certain type of way, I responded in love. I responded, what's up my brother? Same Nigga who Like. Fuck all That love shit when I see That, nigga, I'm AT, I'm AT him.


Them kind of nigga retarded niggas, bro. Like, you get what I'm saying? Like, you See, the thing is, the thing is too Like, a lot of people might not be familiar with who you are. And. What you message Is You know take That shit of disrespect. So They're just looking. AT. It, right? Like, you just a nigga trying to tear down what they got going on. Yes. You know. So Like, I don't see That for you. I Like everything you say I believe you believe what you saying, know And, that's hard for me. That's hard for me know to believe a nigga believe what he's actually saying. Right? Because so many niggas is selling shit. And Cap. I believe however you feel, I believe you. That's why I asked you when I said, do you feel Like? you was chosen to do this Oh, bro. So It mean Like you in your purpose. But sit know a nigga can't see That from a Far, see you.


you right, you right. What I care about more than how somebody going feel is how God gonna feel when I gotta stand in front of him. And he be Like. So look, D so I put you in the rap game. you seen all this going on in your industry. And, you was too scared to say something 'cause you was worried about what another person was gonna think about you. Man, you lame. D I don't want Buck to Tell me. I'm lame know. When you put It Like That know. Mm, but know Oh, right? It's, it's It's It is a touch. This shit is Like. Sometimes you have to adapt. Like. Like. We just talking to another kid from who say the internet is the way Like, we have to look. AT shit for this shit has changed.


Like. I get what you saying, Like It used to be times when niggas love to goddamn be checked. Like You If. you right bro. Niggas will hear you out these days. Don't nobody wanna hear you out 'cause it's too easy to get embarrassed. And. Then the internet, don't forget And, that's the shit got everybody is, is is afraid. And got anxiety to get embarrassed on the internet. So with That being said, niggas Ready to protect their internet image over anything you saying, you be saying some real shit. That's right. you telling the truth, nigga. Like, fuck That nigga. Don't mention my name. You Know And. I. Feel Like, man. That. That's That. That's, that's a great point right there. So then you gotta ask yourself, damn, how do we, how do we deal with That?


Because what, what you basically saying, I'm reading between the lines, is even if Katz is pushing out some evil, some negativity, some hatred, they want It to go unopposed. 'cause they Like. Yes. I, I, I. Dare you to say something about It though. you know what I mean? I dare you AJ know, just stay out my business. Stay out my business. But when You do now I feel trapped. There you go. And, And, That, And. So I feel Like. I feel Like. That's a trick of the enemy, bro. It, that's a trick. That's a trick of the devil. It. It is I wanna be able to do evil. But I want It to be unopposed. 'cause if somebody try to oppose It, we call them a clout chaser. know we call It a hater, da da da. That's Like really a trick. That's almost Like your landlord saying, listen, I want the right to be able to raise your rent each month, but you can't say nothing 'cause I got a clause in this lease.


That says If, you say something about me raising the rent every month, then I could kick you out of here. That just ain't right brother. That ain't right bro. So it's just to That point to where it's Like we, how do you approach these conversations? And. I think that's the thing. We can't not have these conversations though. It's too many rappers. That. We all love That Black men, And Women just Like us. And. We seen their life get compromised. And messed up And all this man, because Of Everybody seen It coming. you seen the path they was going down, but It was just entertaining to y'all. Or nobody wanted to seem Like a hater. So nobody wanted to say nothing. And, you watch That person mess their whole life up, man. Like, And more so than the rappers.


It is the fans, bro. What we didn't talk about is y'all don't know I don't think y'all Like man. I was a middle school teacher before I was a rapper, bro. I was a whole teacher. Really, really. Jade. So before I became D one, And got in this game. I was sitting here teaching students in Baton Rouge watching every student won. Be just Like boosting, watching every student won. Be Like Gates, you know what I'm saying? Watching how much influence Lil Wayne had on one of my students. So my student came in class a eighth grader with MOB tattooed on his arm. And, he ain't even know what MOB stood for, but he got It 'cause Lil Wayne got MOB tattooed on his chest.


I'm seeing That type of stuff in person. This ain't no internet stuff. This is before Instagram even existed. So when I'm seeing the type of influence That rap is having on the fans, You know you always got them fans. That's gonna say rap ain't never make me do nothing. I mean I could listen to It, but then I just I don't go out And do It, da da da da. I get That. know, cool, know And. Congratulations. Kudos to you. And to me. 'cause rapping ain't never make me jump off the porch. And go, you know, live That type of life. But I have been around the people who It definitely had That type of influence. you saying, you know It exists, you witness It You know the influence exists. Know I, witness It know I can't call my best friend no more 'cause he dead. Now you heard me And. I saw the influence. That the music. That we was listening to had on him.


And. He had great parents, great family. But I just seen That. It's Like man. So you advocating for them. People know who, who ain't got the strong Will And. They ain't got no voice. And, they ain't got no strong will exactly know. I didn't mind people calling me a nerd in school. You know, look AT him. He doing his work. Oh, he one of them smart kids in school. He take books home. And, And, AT, AT night he doing his homework. know, meanwhile, we in New Orleans, you heard me, we catching the R T a And. My friend, when they telling him That, he's sitting there. Like, And, I. See us getting to him, he Like man, I don't want these people making fun of me no more. Man. I'm going to do what I gotta do to fit in with them. I want their acceptance. you want the acceptance of the goons. So you gotta become a goon to get their acceptance.


Me I was Like. we everybody ain't gonna Like me, but I'm not finna dumb down who I am just to make them people Like me. Like. I had That in me. He ain't all the way had That in him. And, we was the same person. Man, me, And Carl was twins basically. you know what I'm saying? So I done been around this stuff. You know the influence It has. So for these rappers to not know the influence It has. I have people who, man, these people done change. They they, they hit me up every day. And tell me how much my music has helped them change their life, save their marriage, get them through high school, get them through a a prison bid. Kodak Black hitting me up man. Thank you brother. Them letters. you don't know how much That motivated me.


You know the impact. I have And. I ain't never went platinum. So imagine the artist That, they went pla, you heard me or artist. That got a different level of success in terms of finances. And all That than what? I got. You know the influence. That, they got And. I think they know the influence they got too. And I think they just sit there And be Like We. you know what I'm gonna still rap about this stuff know, but I'm gonna give out Turkeys, AT, Thanksgiving, And. That's gonna be ain't That. What Nino Brown did give out turkeys. Meanwhile you selling dope to the whole hood. Gotta sell It. What you saying?


I said somebody gotta sell It. Somebody gotta sell It. Nah, but AT the end of the day bro. It's a balance inside of the World. And. I ain't condoning no ignorance. Right? But this shit fucked up. Like. you said it's the fans. It is Like because If, you try to go rap with something That you not no more It. Is Like a what you call It when it's an Imbalance? A double double-edged sword. It's A science. It's a science of growth though. I always bring up I My life. No, it's a sign of growth. know, Sure know Like, Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg ain't rapping about what he did when he first got in the game. He don't kind of involve, he'll still let you know I'm Cripping all That type of stuff.


But he don't kind of Like he, he raps his evol evolving. And. This is not to go AT. Nobody or nothing. Like That. But I think It It. There is a science to It. you know what I'm saying? And respect too of just expression though. The reality is when you say something about Like, you know murder, And, everything. Like, That, Like. What if that's all Like? What if that's the environment? What If you were That, Chicago rapper, And. That's all you know when you wake up, when you go to sleep, that's all you see. That's all you're exposed to. you might not have been exposed to the World or you haven't evolved in That science yet to rap about something else. So I kind of dance on both sides of It. Yes sir. Yes sir. That's know, that's How I feel too. That's an Amazing, that's how I feel too. That's an amazing point. That's why I never ever talk about the younger rappers because I'm knowing That.


They the ones who Oh That Probably is their reality. That probably is their reality. But If, you sitting here And, you sitting on a hundred million dollar empire, That, you built If, you on private jets, If, you done clearly made It, you M up, And, you are older. AT this point. And. I'm not saying older Like to try to make fun of nobody but you literally older you in your late thirties, you in your forties, some people in their fifties, you have graduated from That phase in life. That. you talking about I? What you saying? That. That part. So I'm intentional about That because I always look AT the youth, ever since I was a teacher, And, I'm just Like man. This ain't no bad dude right here, man. Fredell b That was my middle school student. Man, I, look. AT Fredo, I'm Like. This ain't no bad dude right here.


He just a, he a he a little kid. He trying to grow. He might he my middle school student, Like, literally you see That And, you see he got a lot of potential in him. And, it's our job as adults to pour into these youth to make sure That they can reach their potential. But what happens when it's the adult that's doing the stuff that's Like? Hold on man, you older than me And. you still acting Like this. How do you, how do you approach That? I. Think you gotta approach It different than you approach a child, you know? So Let me ask you this. With That same philosophy, how do you feel about Jay-Z when he made Blue Magic, When he made Blue Magic song, That was on the American gangster soundtrack.


know And. He was talking about the selling dope. See the artistic part about something? Like That is That soundtrack was literally the soundtrack to go with the movie. So It was Like, whatever the movie had going on, Jay-Z literally made It known. I'm making songs That match with scenes in this movie as opposed to, I'm making songs just about how I'm living currently. I think That. That's the nuance with a example, Like That know, know. But Do you think That, when older rappers or more mature rappers speak to current things, That are going on in the street, do you think That, they're automatically saying, That this is how I'm living now.


Or they're saying That this is what's going on in the streets from my current perspective. Beautiful, beautiful Question. know that's, that's good Jack. That's super good question. Thank you. We gotta know the difference between narration, And glorification, some of these dudes is really good. AT narrating what's going on in the street. And they describing the social conditions. My favorite rapper of all time is Na I. Feel Like know Nas is hard. We clearly know That Na grew up in the streets. you heard me Like. We clearly know he grew up in qb. you know Queensbridge projects all That stuff. But Na has a way of talking about what's going on without saying I'm the one you heard me?


That's finna come walk you down. I'm the one that's out here, murking, this And, murking, That And, da da da And That way. We feel Like. We can relate to It. 'cause he talking about what's going on around You saying you saying basically Nas Nas narrate, he And Condone me. There you go. The condoning part know I got a good ear. And my Like, all of us got a ear to where we can hear Like. Man, when these people are rapping, Like this Like, you listen to these lyrics. This ain't just talking about what's going on. This is saying I will do this to you. I'm doing this, I'm going to give my partner a bag to come do this to you. We ain't crazy. So when we hearing That, we ain't crazy.


Nobody ain't finna make me think I'm crazy. That's one thing you heard me Big Facts, nobody ain't finna make me think I'm crazy bro. Dog I don't drink. I don't smoke. I ain't knocking nobody who do keep doing, you know what I'm saying? know I'm keep doing It, I'm I. Ain't I ain't crazy though bro. So when people try to make It seem Like, but D don't you think this And don't So I'm crazy because you smoke? No, no not because you smoke. No, you, you Excuse me. you, you crazy Octopus. Nah, You crazy. you crazy Bank. If If you was to try to make It seem Like If, you hearing this music wrong bro?


They not glorifying killing I be having people who And I ain't even gonna say their name. But y'all know who y'all is. Man. Y'all interview me And y'all. Y'all just want a soundbite outta me. Y'all just want Like Oh And. Let's make It seem Like D one got beef with this artist this. So they sitting here playing dumb. You ain't trying to do That You know know You know this Big Facts. you heard me know You Know If. you said them folk names I ain't ask you about nobody know. But Even me saying they name It is I'm talking about stuff That didn't happen already. you know You, You If, you get What I'm saying? But they got people who will try to make It seem Like, I'm crazy to be Like b I have no idea what you talking about. P I don't think people be glorifying murder in in their music ever. If, you got an example, go ahead on, gimme an example. Say It, I'll be Like brother. If you guys Look AT him.


That's Go viral right there. Backy Betsy we Won't you won't you tell me Bank, are they any rappers you could think of? That glorify Murder in their music? know all of 'em? All of 'em. All we say say, say some names. Give out Some example. I ain't gotta say no names, all of 'em. Everybody, everybody do It. I've done It. And is That. Okay, Shit. I can't say I the way I look. AT It now It ain't okay but I can I I get It because You wanna know what I Think. I get It because AT the end of the day you still making the soundtrack of life. And Niggas is actually out here doing the same shit. Some niggas got they mind made up. And, I hate the sound ignorant. Some niggas got their mind made up. Like the nigga That you influencing. Now that's fucked up. Who ain't made up?


They mind know. But some niggas already mind made up And niggas feel Like. They making the music for niggas who mind made up. Man, soundtrack today, life stuff Know that's what I was gonna ask you. What's the difference? you know I'm gonna tell you we could all name listen man You know this body to get good. That's the soundtrack to people's lifestyle. Who mine is made up. I guarantee you That. The people that's listening to murder music, 99% of them ain't never killed nothing. And ain't gonna never kill nothing over the course of their life. So it's actually not the soundtrack to people who got their mind made up. No, no, No. What he's saying is, is That, That's The nigga DEE Inspiration. That's the is the true enough the people, 99% of the people That are listening to murder music.


Probably have never smoked nothing. But the niggas are in the Studio right now. But the who are making the music And, The niggas are in the studio with me Basically talking about what they're living And. That's how they're getting, they're material And. That's how they're able to be consistent. Not really what they living but what their peers Like what? What's going on in the hood? Like you said Like niggas. Most of you rappers are sponges. They hang around niggas who actually know what's going on. you get what I'm saying? know. So they seeing the temperature of the streets. This is the temperature of the streets this was going on nigga straight in the booth. And narrate but put they self in them same shoes as if though they what we doing If. you get what I'm saying? Like, That goes on That That, That goes on a lot. But what I'm saying is I can see 'cause niggas will have a studio full of niggas.


Right. And these niggas And talking about story. you know So And so goddamn got That car though. you nigga got That car shot. Hey man them folk put a fit on them nigga. So niggas is is drawing doing they art right Then they downloading That shit go straight in the booth. And rap about what they people who gonna be outside while they rapping. They looking through That goddamn glass Oh. These nigga feeling this Know And. There you go. That's a prime example of people wanting to do what other people gonna Like as opposed to saying man on my totem pole of identity, I value God more than I value other people's opinions. But what And If, you always value guard AT the top of That totem pole. you gonna be Like F what y'all want here.


you heard me? I'm thinking is God gonna be proud of how I'm using my Myself? That's 'cause you a hip hop head. Some of you nigga looking AT this shit as a bitch know I ain't even the same nigga. When I go in That booth, when I leave out the studio And booth I go home to my bitch. I'm different. You know I ain't even know Rapper no more. I'm regular And. That's lame. How you gonna say That though? That's lame. Yo, How you gonna say That Because you acting Like. This really you nobody's getting on the beginning of That song saying disclaimer, disclaimer, disclaimer. Everything I'm about to Know facts. I'm I, I'm I'm totally with you on all of That know I'm totally with you on all That. We had a big debate about this last year, about this whole discussion. Like know, right? you know what I'm saying? But AT the end of the day, my thing Is You know nigga put a warning on this shit.


I'm speaking might know AT the end of this shit. I was lying. Go ahead know Like, but I'm speaking to the niggas. That really are doing this shit. That really are in the field seeing this shit. That really are trying to basically make some music That. They know That other niggas Like them, And other places That are doing the same shit. And That are know seeing the same shit. And That are going through the same shit can relate to Mm


Seeing our communities grow. And thrive is something we care deeply about here. AT Black Tech, green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs, And initiatives. That help provide financial literacy, give early career advice. And grow black-owned businesses, thus leading to generational wealth which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future That we all can be proud of. State Farm understands That representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs. Like the Axo, a year long program. That recognizes And rewards high school students for their academic And cultural achievements along with funding programs. Like Project Ready, a national Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black And. Brown youth. That has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. And can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


Moments Like, my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more I. Take Ibrance palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, And, liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite.


Need to shake up. Mealtime Gorton Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying And convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn. Butterfly And southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer battered filets. And classic fish sticks when It comes to Easy prep. Restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag. Nothing beats the fresh tastings Seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more.


Hey, let's meet Tyler both open ear or stylish. The color It looks almost Like. A earring I Feel Like It could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels Like a holiday I. Wanna look Like It too, eh? Check out bose.com for more


Attention. Parents And grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of Adventure. That will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest And, quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground. With a wide wheel base. And ultra lightweight frames offering superior control. And balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids. Bikes designed And assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality, And durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun. Offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping And a free bike lock And pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals. And secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding.


We actually need to be talking to the fans. And telling the fans, how can y'all stop having a taste for something That? None of y'all want to get murdered fans. None of y'all want your loved ones to get murdered. know none of y'all want to go to jail. So we need to talk to the fans to say what work do y'all need to do to stop having a taste for this? And wanting this because I, one of y'all brought up a good point about artists who want to evolve. Man. They got artists who want Evolve. You know, you know this scream. They got artists who want to evolve but they be Like. Man, my fans ain't gonna want hear nothing Know Hell know this is true. This is the true nigga. It's the truth. Every nigga That done tried That. They won whooped It. They want want It. Say brother, them people Like.


I. Be proud of Jeezy. you heard me? I Be proud of Jeezy. Like. Man, look, AT. Jeezy evolving. Even the music And. Then you got people That be Like And. Jeez. Already done. Solidified a fan base though. Like. That's going to, they they growing. They Gonna follow him wherever You go. All the ag he getting to now Like, we all in the same have Evolved. We, we all got looking. AT That, Like Let go bro. We all going. Mm bro, you still got damn Jeezy. you right here with us. We, we going, we going up know all us going up together. All us Going up know He ain't trying to get no new fans. I think It's I. Think it's personal choice too. 'cause I feel Like. Dirk has evolved. Like crazy. Like. Dirk has chose to evolve now he'll still spit That shit for sure. you know what I'm saying? I feel Like. But see Dirk is still a young nigga though.


So it's Like Dirk still Dirk though. know Dirk still, still AT. He he just, he's trying not to be dirt. He Dirk, he Fines It a little bit more with the word. So It doesn't sound as harsh. And. That's an art. That's an art though. Know That know was Was masterful. AT That art. But AT the end. AT the end of the day. The message is still the same for the most part. Like, you know he had all my life And, you know he had Like other positive songs. But he still, we I think It speaking to the trenches. I It for music is changing anyway though. I think niggas Like D one done got a hope to this shit. 'cause the temperature of the music is actually changing. The Worstest niggas ain't even on That no more.


Lot of niggas coming away from all That. Mm. All That shit though. Y'all ain't been listening to shit lot. They Seeing the result of It. Huh? They seeing the real time result Of It. They seen the real time result. Hey, we say we believe in God You know y'all. Y'all feel how y'all feel about the Bible, but in the Bible, which I adhere to in the Bible, Proverbs 18, And 21. It says, there's life And death in the power of the tongue. The tongue For sure know no facts. They had a smart nigga who wrote the motherfucker put some good shit in them. Man, look, don't don't get me started With That, bro. I'm just saying. It was just the interpreter. Know It, Like It. Some nigga put some good. It's some smart people, bro. The People who wrote the whoever thought we supposed to Be slaves, And shit. They were smart, bro. You said the people That wrote the Bible wasn.


Hold on, hold On. Lemme finish this. Lemme finish. Anybody who thought That, we supposed to be a slave. We supposed to been less than because of the color of our skin. They were smart people. They strategized That, right? The people who wrote the Bible didn't think That black people Supposed to be our slave. I. And. Nah. Fuck not fuck. Damn. The people That wrote the Bible. The people That thought we slaves. They skip to them. Right? Right. You talking about the slave masters? Like, the people in this country, Whoever thought of first thing, Like. Let's go get some niggas right over here. Let go. Alright. Whoever thought of That was That smart Europeans was That. Smart You know you about to say know That was smart. I'm asking you On some, on some business stuff. you gonna say, know That was smart. know I'm asking you. That was Devilish Man. Okay, but does definitely sometimes be smart. Does Devin ways sometime go into smart ways?


Don't they be strategic? And thought out Plans leverage. Smart to trick niggas. See, do That happen? I, see where you coming from? Okay. Yes. I'm asking questions. Do That happen? Can, can you chiefly put a person in a Position, be genius, be a gen, a genius, mischievous person. Yes. A Serpent is clever. A evil genius. A serpent is clever. Exactly. Can you be A evil genius? Okay. know And the evil shit can, can take the World to where It is Now. And, we are less than know, still know we are everything. We, we kill our own people. We have, we, we have a sense of, we have some shit That. you trying to fix. Now you talking about music that's already been fucked up from back before music And. Before anything true. When the first nigga first said I tell you where they AT, sir, the first nigga did That, right?


That's the same mentality that's going on now. It just elevating. 'cause it's on the internet now, right? It's all the same shit, right? So That couldn't have been strategic, okay? So the same motherfuckers who was in And, I ain't trying to be no woke nigga. So y'all don't, don't, don't goddamn sitting down AT me. The same niggas who was back before the Bible I mean before slavery. Them nigga wrote the Bible. Do you think a nigga wrote the Bible Like you Who wrote the Bible? The people who wrote the Bible, bro. They were people who were influenced. Like. God literally spoke through them. And inspired, who know them, their Words.


Who know them, who know them. Like, where they I wasn't lie. we, the document said though, everything has, They have computers back. What kind of document you looking, but Of paper they Have high in the fucking fucking tombs in Egypt. So where's the shit from? The hieroglyphics? From the, The tombs. And. you do y'all know how many biblical artifacts there are? That exist in this World. You cool? What It say? I'm not no geologist I. I'll definitely go. Absolutely. Lemme say this. Where are the, where are the, where's the blood? Where are the receipts? Where the bloodline, where the, you know, hold on, hold on. you know the bloodline Like? The bloodline Like. No matter how go, however this shit go, we going to know who? Malcolm X's Great-Great-Great-great, great great Granddaughter is And to be able to trace this shit.


AT And, Martin King, great, great, great, great. We going know where they bloodline. Where the fuck is them folk? Bloodline AT. How far Will you go to ancestry.com? That stuff. Don't go back to the, to the the Jesus days brother. I'm sorry. So where That? Shit AT. So you don't, so you just think people didn't exist back then? That's what you think. We can't Prove It. you didn't. you got, you got you. What's Up up they dinosaur And dumb. Alright, so hold, hold up, hold up. Great. Me, You, your great, great, great grandpa was a dinosaur. That's You. Alright. No, no, no. you right by what you saying, but let me make, let me make this. Okay. So we don't know who That Phos is. How the fuck this story last this long?


If It ain't the truth, It ain't gonna last That long, brother. So if I'm your brother, that's the truth. And, if I'm your brother, son And, your son brother, son And son, brother, son, And son, brother, son. All That is lasting. So what? What Jesus last name was. Where the fuck the rest, the I. Hey bro. Hey bro. Hey bro. you name my name. Hey, hey. No, I'm just talking shit. But come on. Nah, you what the fuck the rest of the crisis Is? No because because a lot of you looking AT him right here.


you looking AT him right here. We all, Your name is Christ sir. I'm saying no, no, no. Your last name ain't whatever you think It is. Oh my god. You know, know this shit. Hey, my real last name ain't Augustine Like. That's what It said. But that's slavery. That's somebody slept with my great-Great-great Grandmama. And what I'm saying know who looked where the rest of the AT, bro. That's a, that's funny. That's hilarious. Actually no, no, but I'm real. I'm saying you, you looking AT him bro. We all his descendants bro. I with you said I'm seriously interested. Okay, two, my two questions is, that's why I can't have no ops. 'cause I'm looking AT, I'm looking AT, It, Like bro. What I look, Like having an op when we was all made from the same creator. you gonna tell me you, you my op 'cause you from the other block down the street.


That make you my op man you cri All That I from the same shit. That I told y'all they put us in the pot back in the day to make you hate anything. That. Look, Like you, you Envi It. you hated That. Shit. Ain't being And. So how do we, so how do we break the cycle? That? I? Who gonna be the first nigga to try to do That now? Part Me? you looking AT him. you Interviewing him. It ain't part And. I definitely ain't the first one you trying. It's so many people that's been doing this before me. And. you even If, you touch a, you gonna touch, you gonna touch a hundred dollars a thousand bro. That's 10%. That's That good. But AT the end I can feel Like. 'cause because you, you, you a powerful nigga. Like, I, I fuck with you. I fuck with you before I even, you know I don't agree with everything you say know because you get It nigga business a lot know. But AT the end of the day, that's your business. know.


But I still agree with you when you be in nigga's business worse. But I just know what come with That shit. Like, And how niggas could look. AT, It different than how you, what you trying to push out. But fuck all That. What I'm saying is AT, the end of the day, You know what the fuck I this saying, this nigga crazy. No, you were talking about a lot of shit Oh. Man. I'm Still stuck on where the rest of the crisis We No, listen, listen, shit, listen. D this is, hey you are smart nigga. When certain shit makes sense, And nigga, nigga be Like. Damn man. Like about That, And I respect this. What I respect about this platform, number one is That. Everybody is on here being themselves. you the dude who you gonna say something?


That, you know I couldn't have pictured neither one of them saying That just now. But you saying It, I'm Like. He ain't trolling. He being real. Then when Jay come with, hold on, D Like, I feel Like. This about, you know what you saying? And And how this da da da. I'm just Like. Dang. Jay gonna hit you with That reality. That, you can't deny It. you gonna say something funny? That's real scream gonna come with the man I. See both sides of the coin with everything know I. See both sides of The coin. The diplomat, You know what I mean? The diplomat. And I, respect That And. Then when people see man D one man, That dude there, bro, he, he look I don't agree, but, but he, he, he won hundred Like. He really stand on you And. What That does is is people gonna watch this AT home.


And be Like, man. I can't knock none of them because we seeing black people unified because they choosing to communicate. That's It, that's facts, right? Absolutely Real shit right there. Absolutely. Big Facts. One thing That bank is saying though That is, is is very, very, very, very important. He portrays It the way That he does That. We should be able to ask questions about anything about a religion, about this And, That, And the third. We should be able to ask questions without It just being, this is what It is. That shit make a hundred percent Like. you never found a contradiction. Like reading the Bible, I have found contradictions reading the Bible. I have found contradictions. And the contradictions. That I found was mainly between the Old Testament And, the New Testament.


So the Old Testament Like, the first part of the Bible, the Old Testament thick too. They had stuff That, man, they had a lot more killing. They had a lot more behavior. That was being Like permitted. They talking about, look, you know the way we rock a eye for a eye, A twofold two, You heard there was a lot of stuff in there. That. That is not up to par with the standards. That quote unquote, Bible people try to preach Who 'cause hold, hold look, Like, this I don't wanna say this. And I said, I'm trying to get counsel, but I'm finna go And say It, who wrote the first Bible? No real shit. Who wrote the first Bible? The people who wrote the first Bible, king James or something, right?


That's not the first. That's not the first Bible. Who? Who? That. That. There's all these translations. And I. See what you're talking about? When you get the King James version, And, then you get this translation, And, this translation. What people end up being Like. It's Like. Yo. So you mean to tell me somebody different? Took this whole book, And wrote It the way they wanted It to be. The answer is yes. But the other part of That is that's not a period. That's a comma. Yes, comma. But what they wrote And, the different translations. A lot of times them translations was just to fit the language of That time. And That place. So If, you wrote the Atlanta version of the Bible. It'll be a whole bunch of maims And, a whole bunch of how y'all talk out here in Atlanta. It'll be a whole bunch of That slang in It. If I wrote the New Orleans version of the Bible, it'd be Like.


Say, dog, you heard me look. Lemme tell you what, down baby. So, so That boy Jesus, you dig? He had And. I'll write It in New Orleans terms. That's what the different translations of the Bible is. Its not different stories, but With That, you, You know, You Almost fool I bro. I I, bro. My Tell me two different translations. you done read That That the stories. I ain't translation. I'm, I'm talking about, I'm talking about Like. The old, The old know, the versions know not the stories know. I'm saying Like, the Old Testament And, the New Testament, it's two different writers, right? The Old Testament And, the new, you know what the New Testament is, bro? The New Testament is from the time Jesus was born. That's all. That's the difference, Brother. But they said, but they said I thought. They said And I don't know how to say this.


I thought they said in the first Old Testament, Like, It was forbidden for man to be a man. Right? Forbidden for man to be a man, For man to be with man, man For man to be with man Oh. For men to be with men know sexually And. That's still forbidden. Okay? But they said, how do you, what, how do you call these people? What they, Sodom Gamo. Sodom Gilmore I Saying, how do you call you people's sodomites the other gender without defending them? How you say That? Homosexuals. All right. They said a homosexual wrote the Second Testament, right? The New Testament. No sir. Who said That? I never heard That. you went on Wikipedia. Google. They say King James. Huh? They say King James was a sexual I mean a How the not King James didn't write the New Testament.


What? We. That's king. we they are King James versions. They are King James versions of the Bible Floating around. No, that's King James version. Guess who wrote the book of Matthew? I'm gonna give you one guess. you ain't gotta be a genius to get That. Guess who book who wrote the book of Matthew? Matthew ain't writing It. Matthew wrote It. Guess who wrote the book of John? John wrote It. But how the hell we gonna let Buddy put It out? I tell you. Hold on, hold on. No I, Love this. I gonna tell you, I tell you No, I'm gonna tell you. you know why, bro, this this gonna go this need to go viral. This how? The same way I can go to patchwork studio. And D one, go record in patchwork Studio And.


Then I gotta take them recordings. And I. Put 'em And I. Give 'em to my label. And. By the time It come out, It say Oh. RCA records. Put this out. How RCA records put this out. Do That mean RCA records? Hold on, hold on, hold on, on hold on hold, hold on. Label That mean That, RCA A records wrote D ones rhymes. No. D one wrote them rhymes. He went to patchwork studio to record 'em And. Then he turned them in And RCA records. But how did, but okay, so here's my question. you good? you good? Here's my question. If that's the case, how did this nigga King James even get the authority to put out a version of the Bible? And Bro. And, he was gay, Bro, you act Like You know King James I don't know this dude, Man. What you talking about You know this man.


Big, Facts You. know this man. Jay, y'all got all this smoke for me, man. I'm a rapper, bro. I'm a rapper. And a teacher. And a guy. No, bro. Gimme, gimme your hands. You know, You know I don't have the answer for you. Hell know I'm vouching for Jesus. you heard They sent you And shit. Like. They Said, right. It should say they sent It. Hey bro, Get him on the phone, nigga FaceTime You looking AT again, Like, we always kind. you, you, Have you ever seen 12 years a slave?


Nope. I, I've seen less. Come on, man. I've seen less than 30 movies my whole life. I don't really Watch That. Come on, Man. I'm serious. I ain't seen a lot Of That. You've never seen 12 years A slave I ain't seen you need Like when you leave here. you need to go watch That so you can understand Like where we're coming from with this shit. Because I don't remember That Nigga, you told me. What'd they do? I Forgot. They 12 years of Slave basically explains the slavery shit. The Nat Turner Rebellion. And how the, the the colorless people took the Bible. And You, You You know And And preached It to us because we weren't, a lot of us weren't able to read And.


Like fully comprehend You know. And made us think. That the Bible wanted us to be enslaved. There you go. I'm, I'm not saying That. It don't supposed to be It It. Its not, not none. I'm just saying how the fuck I Finn believe anything That came. We know who the It, one word, I can't dictionary dictionary know black. So Dark It say white It. Pure. How the fuck I gonna believe anything? Everything That, whatever been said That a niggas Supposed to do wasn't right. They said a niggas supposed to be with one bitch.


That shit don't feel right. And. Nobody laugh. I'm Just being real That shit. Don't feel right. Okay, bro, Even though we do It, don't feel know normal for men. Like, you know what? It's in other countries. They niggas. Hey man, you, you as strongest as how many kids you have. How many sons you had? He had 17 sons. His son have 17 sons. Our name is lasting forever. We making tribes. That's right. That. Nigga might got one son, And a daughter. Like, bro. That shit. Your name ain't your name gonna die. 60 years. you over with. I'm about to tell you. No, no, no. I got a good, I got a good answer for this. I forgot. Lemme say That one side. I forgot. Do you think That That could relationship how they viewed relationship?


How they put relationship in the Bible is to contain us from being as deep as we would be? 'cause you know, niggas gonna have kids. Okay? Bines are the Bines are the Bint. Say bin. Nigga gonna have 10. Just think about It. We could produce, bro. So just think about If. you had 10 Ys, you gave all 'em 10 boys Know it's a scientific fact. The melanated people are extremely more fertile than colorless people. How powerful are you, bro? But how, how powerful are we? Even if we did have way more of us on the earth, if we don't know how to get along with each other. And. If we don't love each other, And. If we still out here hating on each other, That's, that's why Oh No, you fact, that's why It all It all was a play. We gonna tell these niggas hell, one bitch And, we're gonna let y'all turn against each other in case y'all know y'all, nigga, I'm telling you this all a part of a big elaborate scheme.


And And. See, The system is designed right? You Don't believe That, you turned into an activist. Go ahead. I'm listening to You. No, but I I believe That Like from Like. That. Why? I don't blame niggas. Alright. Right, because I've already been retarded before too. I'm just being real. I've already been fucked up in my, my head too, thinking That, the way I was thinking was correct. What made you Change? I? Don't know God. Oh for real know God. What make you believe in God? you can't see him, Huh? Nah. I ain't I. I. Believe It It gotta be something. It's Something. I'm gonna tell you what It is. It is called fate. How you make your money outside of here? Shit. I don't make no outside of, alright, all.


So, so hold up. Question. Question. you might be watching Question. So however y'all make y'all money, You know we do similar things. So You know when you get booked, you know what I mean. you get your deposit up front, you get your backend, da da da, right? It still takes faith for us to Feel Like. you going to drop That backend off when I pull up to the venue? know It still take faith. know, because I had to fly all the way out to That City. you heard me? I had to fly. I'm about to be booked in. I'm in of all places. I'm booked in South Dakota on Thursday, Dallas, tomorrow, South Dakota, Thursday. And Tallahassee on Saturday, right? I got faith That. They gonna all have That backend when I get there. But before I get That backend, I still gotta fly out there with the faith.


That, they gonna deliver on It. We'll have faith. When It come to other people in this World, dirty crooked Shay, people in this World we'll have faith. That Oh. He gonna, he gonna drop That backend, all da da da. But when It come to God, man, how You know That, that's even real. How You know? But See, nobody's nobody. No, no, no. Hold on. I'm Gonna stop you. If, you Stuck because nobody's questioning God or God's ability. Stories We're talking about the, the Bible, the, the, the story And Jesus shit. That's what we're talking about the story. So we're not talking about God. Y'all Questioning if Jesus existed, And what I'm telling you, no know I didn't say Jesus didn't exist. But I say I believe Jesus exists. But I, I believe Like. Nipsey could have been Jesus niggas Like.


That could have been a Jesus And. If And, we talking about special Nicholas saying prophets. I'm just saying special niggas That. Nipsey Had the spirit of Jesus in them. But I'm That don't mean That. That, I'm Nipsey was Jesus. I'm saying Like, Nipsey And. I'm saying Like. And. I'm not saying Jesus. He's saying, no, we can make the nigga so popular. That, he lived forever. Martin Luther King, Tupac. That's know, that's Jesus. No, it's just a popular story. It's not a popular story. That was a no, He's, he's using black is using the, the Tupac popular story as a parallel for this Bible shit. Because AT the end of the day, Just imagine hold if we, if we say, if we said if we wrote a bible today. All right? The whole World, everybody mind. Go blank D one, write the Bible.


know your hero. Your hero is gonna be Jesus We. Look, here's the thing, If, you don't know no other hero, no other. Hey, this was the son of God. He was a prophet. This nigga Kanye West, he went against everything. He went against all us. He's the smartest man ever. He's the woo. you gonna make him Jesus? Now we saying this is Jesus. Now 2000 years. I'm Not saying this is what happened. I'm saying this is a possibility if we thinking outside the box. So, so listen. So for the people who feel Like, That, first of all, that's a great point. That, you bring up absolutely. Great point. And. So for the people who wanna spend their whole life down here being Like, I, don't know brother It just ain't enough evidence for me. Or I. I don't get It. It ain't add up. That ain't my thing is Like this, you can choose to do That And when you die, let's see what happen to you.


I'm choosing to believe in Jesus. That's your And. When I die, we gonna see what happens. That's your faith. And, your religion I. Think you just speaking Like in my family, I got Buddhist, Christians, Muslims, all great people. AT heart, That, I love And. They're good people. I. Don't think That, they gonna fry when they leave here because they don't choose my religion. I think that's what you kind of getting You know. Mm. We all as an African You know the Yoruba religion existed way before Like. This is now That. That's me right now before you see what I'm saying? This is Feel no go getting calling And shit. But That feels the Like. you know how, bro? It's just Like. I couldn't be with my wife if I had Questions. I can't do nothing with doubt. So your wife ain't never made you mad or made you have to be Like.


Doubt her. No. Your wife ain't never Doubt her. No, No. So That means so she perfect. I ain't gonna say she perfect, but I ain't never doubted her. She did things to make me upset. And make me wanna punch her ass out. Everything. But I've never doubted how she felt about me. Never. So how could you doubt how God feel about you when God gave you I? Aint not. You gotta stop. No, bro, nobody doubt you. you, we Jesus is God in human form To you According to the Word of God. The Bible. What word? But that's not the word of God. The Bible is the word of man's interpretation from these niggas. That. you said God spoke to For y'all act Like.


God had a pencil. And was just Like. All right, gimme let me, I got. So how Can we believe It? Nah, that's what I'm saying. you did Y'all see the book of Clance? No matter what you believe It Oh. Did y'all see the book of Clarence? Have anybody seen That? I ain't seen the Church. I ain't seen It. Jesus That, nigga finessing He the same nigga. Like Oh, they healing nigga. He looked AT A the Jesus And. He became a Jesus. Right? Finessing. Right, right. Like. Who? But you always got a knockoff. you got the real Louis Vuitton And. you got the knockoff Louis Vuitton. Okay, so, So you got the real Jesus And. I was gonna say Jesus is the real Jesus. Why we can't say Jesus knock? Because If he ain't the real Jesus, who the real Jesus is, shit. I, wait. But you Be one. Also. Oh. So completely real.


Like I, read all of these scriptures. Top the bottom. To be honest, And, I live by Psalms. I love Psalms. It's Like poetry to me. Right? But when I was a teenager, I went into an actual church. And asked a lot of questions to the head of That church. Right? And, when them questions became a little too Like, you asking a lot of questions, son, some of this stuff you just gonna have to take as faith. That's not what I choose to do. I want to ask questions? I want know. If you don't know. Say you just don't know. So I'm not knocking anybody's religion. I just know That. These are I wouldn't be question I. I wouldn't. I wouldn't be in business with them if they weren't God fearing people. Right? I understand what you're saying. 'cause some of my aunties are the same way. Jesus And Christ And.


This is the belief. And I, respect That. Right? you know what I'm saying? But the God, the God coalition, God isn't within all of us. Right? So we know That God is within all of us. This is part of the problem. Religion can be somewhat separating. you see what I'm saying? Right? We're having a good conversation. But it's Like everybody's what they're gonna believe regardless. You know I'm saying don't get It, but but work for me. Don't work for me. I. Feel Like. you said, you said I don't get what? You don't get what I'm saying. you I don't get what you saying, but You And know I actually appreciate what y'all are saying. 'cause because watch this I. See how God is working in this moment. 'cause they got so many people AT home watching this Like. Man.


Jay's saying what I be thinking. And. The thing is, D one ain't no pastor. Right? Right. But since D one is a man of God, And D one is a Christian And. He ain't shy about That when D one come here. It is Like. we, we finna ask D one all these questions. That, we got And I, respect That And. So for me, I'm knowing That Like, yo as much as I do know the word of God. And as much as I rep for It That. There's also a point to where I recognize That. There's people who do this for a living. It's called people who study apologetics. Lemme ask you something. Apologetics means you, you know how toand You, you made into fullest? Do you think That. Okay, It is, It is how many different religions is It is How many different religions. I'm Saying That. you think in the World, it's a lot of religions.


World Hundreds, I'm gonna Say know it's You know. Do you think they're less blessed That? They don't believe in Jesus. That's a great question. Do I think they're less blessed? No I. Don't think That. They are less blessed because God is so big. And so powerful. And so mighty That. God even tell us to pray for And. Have love for our enemies. No Oh. We We talking specifically about you. If you Talking about, I'm saying we talking specifically. What he saying is that's A metaphor For Don't. Even if somebody don't, Ain't saying you keep talking. My God. I'm saying listen, people can get to God different ways. Right? In their religion. Right. Right. People don't, people never said That.


They didn't believe in God because they didn't believe in the, the, the Bible. So If somebody is a Buddhist, do I, think That, they can still be blessed. The Same exact way as you believing in Jesus The same exact way If You know what? That's what I'm saying. So Its not That. No I. Think I. Think I. Think what the issue is. I. Think just from me sitting here listening. So what's the difference? So, so you calling Jesus, you say, Jesus is God. That's that's your God. It. All right. Like the Hey, Koran, don't, Hey, Hey, I, I'm about You, Muhammad You let Go. Go ahead. No, go ahead. DEE. They They It. It is I. Don't forget what I'm gonna say. Trust me. It, it's you say, you are saying, my Lord, And savior Jesus Christ. That's your belief. Your religion know that's what It is.


And Islam. They would say, Muhammad Buddhist will say Buddha. you see what I'm saying? So it's that's that's the But but, but I think what, where the confusion comes from is these are all prophets. And prophets deliver the message from the most high. Correct? Yes. So that's kind of where we are coming from. But see the, but a lot of Christians, whoever talked the good, the bad game, whoever talked, it's Like. Politicians, whoever said, okay, let's say what Jesus said. Jesus got, he got It people. Moham got It people. Whoever in Buddha got they people, whoever in in You know Like, And. If I, we have a rumor line And. All of DeMar. Exactly. So it's Like. So, So, But it's one God.


Man. Man. Say when. But when you asked me this question, brother, you asked me a question specifically about can people who don't believe in Jesus be blessed the same way people who do believe in Jesus can be blessed. The answer is, heck know the devil. But You said something else. you started talking about enemies, And shit The devil. No, no, no. I'm about to say that's that's how much Like we, we confused being elevated with being blessed. Brother. The devil can elevate people. The devil could bless people. Oh, man. No, no. you going, the devil Can elevate people. So If, you asking me, can people still be blessed? So, so, so Do you. So do you think if people believe This, the, If people don't believe in Jesus, they, they the devil. Yes or no, brother. All we doing? No, no, no. Listen, no, no. I don't do That. Okay. know all we doing right?


We rolling the dice right now? 'cause on earth we looking AT. Man, look. I'm alive. I'm healthy. I look good. I'm alive. I'm healthy. I look good. I'm blessed you blessed. We all blessed, da da da And. We could all say I'm blessed because of this person. I'm blessed because of this person. Exactly. Blessed, right. All we doing down here is we rolling the dice for after we die And. We ain't here no more. We rolling the dice based on what we believed in And, what we believed the source our blessings was. That's gonna determine what's next for us after this. Because AT, That point, It ain't no guessing. All we doing while we down here is what? What what you doing? What you hedging your bet on. you want, you want bet That. The universe is blessing you. Let's see what the universe do you when you die. I'm gonna see what, I'm gonna see what God And Jesus Christ do for me.


When I die. That's What I'm bet on. Hold, hold, hold. I got question too. know, because I think first. Lemme say when I'm first, let me go back to what I was getting Ready to say before everybody else was talking I. Think where the disconnect in this conversation is coming in AT is because I, think That, you are Like mis confusing. That's not a word, but I think That. you are Like. Misunderstanding the fact That as far as God is concerned, the big head man this, all of this shit, we're all on the same page about him. But Where we're having a discrepancy, AT is the whole Jesus thing. The whole Bible thing. The whole interpretation thing.


The whole way That It was presented to the people. When It did come out as as opposed by the, by the people. That. Like put It out as opposed to It being Like. A personal presented as a personal interpretation of each one of these people. It was presented as the one And only gospel And. That's not the case. So if y'all don't claim to be Christians, let me ask you a question. Have any of y'all ever been blessed by a sermon That, A Christian pastor? Spit? For sure, For Sure know every Religion. But That, don't every religion know you gonna listen to my ba. you gonna get blessed by some of That shit. That. Just what? It's whatever you feel's in your spirit, bro.


I been to the mos. I've been to the mosque. And been blessed by It know I. Exactly. I done. Been to And, And, I, I done been to places That couldn't even understand, but can see the spirit moving in. These people couldn't even understand. Nigga I went to Africa one time. I couldn't even understand what the people saying. But I felt That. Right? you get what I'm saying? Right. So It just what It is. And I don't know who they was talking to. What I feel, Like It is. It is whatever If you believe in what you believe in all the way. That's what make It. you get to where you trying to go. Like the belief system. you get what I'm saying? I believe. Like because who's to say what's what? How do you believe? That's what I'm saying. How do you believe? What's what?


So hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme ask you a question. So basically what I wanna know is for me personally know, do you feel Like you can carry on a real conversation about God without involving Jesus? Can I, I do It all the time? Yes. That. This is, this is God right here. What I was about to say was basically what you just asked me, which is when I'm sitting with Minister Lewis Farrakhan, who I sat with in his hotel room before gone And, listen to him, speak And, preach. Right. know Half of hi. Half of his message is about Jesus. Half of what he be talking about is about Jesus.


You know That's right. A lot, a lot of, a lot of people And other religious, Nobody. know what I'm saying? He didn't exist. Know that's what I'm saying. A lot of people in other religions, the, the, the story of Jesus Christ And Jesus Christ, And what Jesus Christ represents. They exactly respect And Pay homage to It. But we, I'm not disrespecting That. AT. All that's just Like. A nigga that's just Like. A nigga being in this city, right? And, he supposed to be the biggest nigga from the east, west side. I'm the bigger nigga from the east side. I'm gonna acknowledge you, but I ain't gonna acknowledge you. I'm acknowledge, you know, hell know he was doing That thing. But I ain't gonna submit you You know he was a prophet. I was too. Right? Know Like, he is the, he is a big nigga. That the truth. But he's the biggest nigga from his side know That's the truth.


What they saying know. But we were doing That too over here. Like, they, what they try to do, they try to block out. So all these spiritual ass people from our country, bro, from African shit where they AT, where they, they just is not, it's just not pre, it's just not T taught to us on how strong our people was too. And, Like. What those religions was. know What those religions. It. It is just not taught how these people has healed shit. Has, has cured blindness, cured aids, cured illness, cured all type of shit. Right. It just ain't been publicized the way this has And. The reason. So Just because this book is more popular, this book is more popular. This is what we believe the most And, the reason That, our teachings from our people wasn't publicized is because if we would've been taught our teachings from our people, we would no longer feel the need to be oppressed.


Exactly. We wouldn't feel Like. We're dogs. And. That's not True. That is so not true. How? Because we walk around calling each other king, And queen all day. And be put to what's Up King? No, because it's what they said, what they said. It all Fucked. King Queen. Grand rising. King Grand rising king The whole time. you know, you heard me Ain't Grand rising king. how? get out my face. What You saying is right, but It ain't the king queen. What they say, what they saying is, what they saying is as a black person, as a black person, right? If. you go into great authors, John, he Clark, And, I, ack bar, so forth, And, so forth. As a black person, If, you really knew your history And where the fuck you came from. you can't even resonate on a particular plane.


you understand what I'm saying? When you say how did It happen for bank? It happened for Bank And. His journey. He just became wiser. you know what I'm saying? He connected with God. He became wiser. Like man, I can't move or think Like That no more. He's the same person. That, AT heart, same person. I always love. But because he went through his, his experiences, it's Like. I can't just be the same Like. you say, what did you say? you was retarded. AT one point. You You know, fucked up man. He's still the same person. AT heart, the good person That we love. But he's wiser now. So what I'm saying is You has a clearer understanding of how life works. Exactly. Brother up, brother, we, we all due respect. 'cause this is this, this That, this That, this That crack right here, this whole talk.


There are a lot of kids who come from royal bloodlines. They, they, daddy was a billionaire. And, the kid is out there wilding out drugging. And Thugging. you heard me? You You know. They, they, no, it's a lot of That know there's a lot of people who, what they, what's the old phrase? Oh, you the daughter of a pastor. Oh, we know y'all the wildest ones, you know what I'm saying? Oh, Pharrell, your daddy a whole pastor. Blessing people know, getting people saved, And, all this stuff on Sunday helping bless people. But his daughter who come from his bloodline is out there on some whole other type of stuff. So, But just Like, you can be real quick. Just Like. you can be led on the righteous path. you can be led astray. Exactly. And, I. Feel Like hip hop AT. This point is what is what's leading our people more than even church.


When you think about It, bro, they got more Like, the 25 And under generation. They are listening to rap music way more than they listening to sermons or going to church or anything. Like That. So let's be honest about the power of rap music. And, let's be honest about what sermons are being spit via rap music. That's a metaphor for what messages are being glorified in, in rap music. Because that's, that's the bible for a lot of people. So let me, 2,500, that's their Bible is Apple Music And Spotify. So let me ask you a question. know. So outside of Like, the rap music, you don't think That, Like TV, movies, And, YouTube have an even more major effect? Not a more major effect.


Do they have an effect? I believe all media has an effect. I in my lifetime, sweetie, have not encountered a a type of media. That has more of an impact than than Rap know That. Rap got a vibration. It dude, You know It got different vibration. That beat That shit. you on them drugs know agree That shit will do something to your ass because I can't listen to certain shit Now I still be kind. Make me want to go back into some turn That shit off know I turn on some nigga I need to get in call with Shante because I go to hear And That certain shit they got yo. Right.


Then go go on your timeline know nigga shit, you Like That music something different. know man, It is the most powerful thing. So we agreeing on That now. Here, Wrong Red, wrong know. How we know It Red wrong That Shit turned me up. Bitch. What I thought a nigga said Something. Nah, the nigga said something That shit turned the nigga ass up. So We agreeing on That. I'm just saying let's go one step past agreeing on That. And. Let's say dang, whoever made the Red Room song, whoever made the That song, same nigga Oh, same one. All right. Whoever make the making them songs And, whoever consuming them songs, how do we reach them to where we teach That brother, Hey brother, you could do better than That Dog.


you could still make hit songs. you could still be a rapper but you could do better than That. My brother Like You know you got It shit. know That shit ain't really going Like That right now. know other shit ain't really going bro. Say It Real. Hey brother I I I ain't gone. Hey brother I got because Because let me, let me just speak to the brother. That made That song. We not gonna call no names or whatever, but the brother That made That song is one of the brothers That I was speaking about Like earlier in this episode. That basically has turned his life experiences into his art form to make his living And AT the same time. Even though he's rapping about certain things, That he's seen or possibly maybe allegedly done or you know, whatever.


He's still showing through That, same music, his evolution, AT the same time Like know this is what goes on, this is what happens. This is what I'm talking about. But I'm also talking about this Jet That I just bought. I'm also talking about this fucking $70 million check That. I just got, I'm also talking about how I put all of my brothers in position to be able to take care of themselves, And their families. I'm also talking about how I fucking did what I needed to do. Got my business straight so That I could become a US citizen. And also be able to go back And forth to my home country. And also show my family Like.


you. They're a better way. you, You talking about 21 I Guess. Alright, see If. You know what I'm saying? Like scared ain't bad. Like it's still, it's still, it's a mixture of both. But AT the same time Like niggas are still speaking on what's relatives. Nigga, nigga, Nigga gotta be a damn fool to see a nigga riding around in Jets, And, all this shit And, all these big ass cars feel Like a nigga doing That It. To me It's an expression. I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying about the people. That don't know but If, you know I get, that's a flaw of mine because I can do shit. I feel Like. Anybody can, you know what I'm saying? That's a flaw. And, you think because you could be special, you could think just 'cause you consume shit in a certain way or your perspective in a certain way.


That, everybody should think Like. That. That's really some bullshit. So I, look, AT, It, Like, we you know a nigga ain't doing this shit That. They saying they doing And. Them nigga doing this. Right. you folks Getting money, they don't tour they Body? Nah, nah, because because we got people right now. That fighting up And shit. That fighting big charges. That, we know they got a, they got money to the ceiling. And they That don't mean a nigga did them. Nigga coming Home, And And, they fighting for their freedom. But niggas will come home. They, they're already home. But then they got some, This is some alleged shit from fucking 15 years ago. know We ain't got no hard, hard, hard court Happening. Okay but, but y'all but y'all not from where I'm from. So y'all thinking I'm talking about who y'all think I'm talking about. Who from here y'all not from where I'm from with somebody who I'm super Plugged With.


Who as of right now he not coming home for the rest of his life. you heard me? He's talking about smarter And And. If he ain't commit That then he need to be freed asap. you heard me? So y'all not from where I'm from to say Oh. Nah, ain't no way. Da da da. 'cause hey this somebody That was on this somebody, That, And, And And. They got other people. They got, they got other people. That That done did time. That's doing time. That. Come on man. Like people. That was up That, it's Like man you was up. Why you was still doing That Like. So do you, do you do you believe know? Do you feel Like? Do you feel Like? Some Niggas is who they is A nigga. Do you feel Like a nigga, a nigga shouldn't be able to make a mistake. Some niggas is I who they is though know ain't talking about, I'm talking about these niggas who you know I have, you know these nigga ain't really doing shit.


Hey, Hey I I. Think we all entitled to make mistakes. I. Think we also gotta recognize That. There's consequences for our mistakes For sure. So that's my answer to your question. I'm not sitting here acting Like. Can't nobody make a mistake man. I make mistakes every day. you hear me know And the next time I, come on here Lord Wheeling we could talk about all That. 'cause I don't never want people to try to hit a man of God or, or somebody that's trying to just make this World better with the And boy think he perfect or he act Like. He don't never know what we all entitled to make mistakes. But we gotta recognize Sweetie That, depending on what kind of mistake It is, It got a different type of consequence. That come along with It know And And. That's all I'm saying is a lot of these kids that's making mistakes 'cause of what they being influenced by, by the streets, by the music, by whatever they not getting a second chance.


'cause the consequence That come along with they mistakes. Ain't no shaking back from That. you feel me? And, that's I'm fighting for them. AT the end of the day. know 'cause I done seen some people make mistakes. That dang they ain't get a chance to shake back from It And. That's And. A real wise person learns from other people's mistakes. So we need to start teaching people how to look AT the mistakes that's been made in society. And be Like, Oh, you Like, That person. Oh you Like them. we look AT some of the mistakes they made along the way. And learn from That so you could be even better 'cause of That. What do most parents tell their kids? I went through this stuff. So you ain't got to right And, that's as OGs and hip hop culture. That's or or people That made It and hip hop 'cause we done made It AT this point to a certain level.


That's our responsibility. I went through this stuff so I could teach y'all a better way to not have to make some of the mistakes I made. I get It, man. But Why you gotta shake your head? These niggas ain't listening. The niggas who try to do That, they feel Like. you a hater. you And a nigga business. I ain't a nigga who Finn Force That on no nigga. Right? I tried this shit. I tried to be the nigga. So learn through me If. you can't see That. This nigga is a different nigga. That elevated his self. Learn through my actions. I can't preach nothing. I don't give a fuck. Do what you wanna do. Just stay the fuck out my life. Yo. That's just how I feel. I don't, you know what I'm saying? I can't If you change know through. know through through know Like.


I can't Like when I say certain shit, I'm just telling you I speak from experience. I speak for me. I speak from shit I've been through. When I say certain shit, It might sound Like. I'm sound Like talking about somebody else. I'm speaking about just environment. And shit. That. I. See so If, you learn from That. Cool. I ain't trying to push nothing on them nigga It sound Like. What you D one sound Like. you trying to push on a nigga And. you get Like, And And. you feel a way because niggas don't get It because that's what make, that's what, that's what the disconnect come in the The fill away part. The fill away part dog. you be talking some real stuff dog. The feel I feel away. 'cause somebody don't get It That. That's Cap I. Don't feel away because I'm not finna give up my joy.


you heard me, Like. I live a blessed life. I'm happy overall. I feel a way when I see the consequence of somebody not getting It. Like. That make me hurt man. Like man. It is people. I can't call 'cause they ain't here with us no more. That I. Feel Like. I coulda did more And. Since I lost my best friend Like That. Since I lost my student G. Money. That was Fred Band rapping partner to That. And. I. Feel Like in my heart, man. What if I would've just been a little more persistent? That stuff. Sit with me dog. Like, That stuff. Sit with me. And, That And. It hurt. It hurt. But It ain't got me walking around here feeling the way in general. 'cause AT a certain point. I ain't gonna give up on you. I'm just gonna redirect my energy to the next person. That's Like We. Maybe God put me in your life for me to make a difference with you.


I ain't I ain't giving up on you. But I gotta redirect my energy. 'cause if I stay focused on wanting to just reach out, I was Like That. When I first started rapping, I was Like. I want to have the impact Lil Wayne had on my city, new Orleans. But just in a positive light. That's what I told myself. And I got frustrated when I realized the streets respect me. The streets is all Like man. We see D one And, D one a dog on the microphone. He could spit with the best of And just not receiving your message. But they're not receiving my message The way they loving what Wayne putting out there. Loving what Doogie BG putting out there. Loving with Birdman juvie Turk, the hot boys putting out there. And. It used to get to me until I realized, man I just gotta redirect my focus. 'cause they got people over here in some different spaces.


That's loving what I'm putting out there. And, I'm Lil Wayne for them. you heard me? And. I had to learn Like. Oh don't get mad. AT. These people always be here for 'em. But AT a certain point. My energy is now focused on the people, the the, the, the soil that's fertile. If the soil is infertile over here, That mean I wasn't meant to reach you, but Jane was meant to reach you. Scream gonna reach you. you heard me Like. God got other soldiers that's gonna reach you. Bank gon bank gonna reach you 'cause Bank done did some stuff. That. I ain't did I grew up around It but Bank was probably doing It. So he going talk your language. I would. Man, Shut up man. Alright but That so I I done been through That before to where no man I don't I don't be feeling the way if if cats don't get It.


But what I'm not finna do, But I'm saying you know, you know your passion sometimes can get in the way of Like That shit can bring emotions. I'm just being real with you. Like. I used to be the same. Don't don't get It fucked up. I've been the same way. Like. Listen bro, I used to be around people. And I still do. Like call people And, talk to them how I see them And. They don't only see they self That way. So it's Like. I'm always got something to say 'cause I see them as perfect Like. you could be this what the fuck Like. I'm speaking to them Like. They ain't And. They may be doing they best but I'm speaking to them. Like you bullshit because I. See something else I had to realize That. Mm. you get what I'm saying? That's what you saying with hip hop And. With the World. you said I. See this shit can be better.


But y'all just not getting It. And I used to do That to personal to my people Call Like. Man you bullshit Like you, them excuses you ain't, why you ain't drop five videos? Why you whatever You. If. You know what I'm saying? But AT, the end of the day a nigga taking That constructive criticism as in man And nigga got something to say. you nigga all around nigga ain't nothing good enough ain't nigga. But you don't understand the way I see you know And, that's your, that's your disconnect That. That's It bro. you don't Understand. Niggas don't understand the way you see this shit. Yep. And, And, And, And, And. you come out sometime as Abrasive. You get what I'm saying? Great word. you get what I'm saying though. It come off as But I I respect him.


'cause You know I, we read him the same way. You know. He mean we right. It ain't It ain't Like, Like. We said we know it's not Cl chasing, we know It don't come from a place of malice. You know or nothing. Like That we know he means we. But it's just That. you have your, everybody has their own personality in here. And The way That we come off, people are gonna react to That personality trait however they want to react to It. That just is what it's, But don't change for nothing. Living your Truth. For sure know don't change For nothing. I'm just telling you how it's viewed. know Like nigga. That's courage. That's, that's courage. What you do know Like because It gotta be a kind of a lonely space. 'cause certain niggas don't want to Like bro. I ain't nigga, you know what I'm saying? But AT the end of the day nigga. That's what God calls you to do. Do That fuck a nigga feelings. Know he put me here to be a disruptor bro.


And, And just to disrupt stuff. That don't sit right in my spirit because I'm knowing Like, this ain't of God. AT all right here brother Like this, this ain't It man. And And for me to not say nothing hurts more than for me to say something. And have some people looking Like. Man, why you saying something? So I gotta be I. Gotta be strategic about how I say what I'm gonna say And how I do what I'm gonna do. But that's the problem bro. Like, they always act. Like If you on some positive stuff or some godly stuff or some righteous stuff. They always act Like. you gotta tiptoe around everybody's feelings. But everybody that's doing evil And pushing out negativity. They don't tiptoe around. Nobody feelings know they Like.


I'm a stepper. you heard me? And, I And. I'm saying It bold. And I. Wish a nigga would say something about how I'm doing what I'm doing. That ain't fair. you don't get to be Like That. But then the the man of God or the woman of God gotta tiptoe around this World And just say, okay, let me not offend nobody. Where That, where they do That AT Point know. Good point. Great point. Where they do That. AT, man, Like a great And. That's what's happening right Now is the call. you say You need to say your shit louder. A little bit louder than Them. Louder. I'm making righteous noise Bank. I'm making righteous noise. you hear me? I'm gonna be ah. I'm making all That noise righteously. 'cause y'all used to. Hey guys, please do the right thing. God loves you all. Come on. Please, please go to church on Sunday.


Y'all want That. Y'all used to That word That ain't how no And. I could go And. I could make all That righteous noise. And still not be on some I hate you. I hate you. I hate you 'cause It ain't I hate you. It's I. Love you That. It's the same convo you having when you telling your partner, man I see better for you man. That's all That is. And And. I mean AT the end of the day. Ain't no script to none of this bro. So It ain't no, ain't no script. you know It ain't no Like. So know I'm gonna do this, then I'm gonna do That. This ain't no calculated plan bro. you just move. Gone my Move.


you hear me? you move when you move If. you feel me? In a genuine way too. know And. It's Like I. See It making a difference. I. See It making a difference. But sometimes all the World see is Oh. Two rappers ain't Like what you said. So they feel this type of way. But then I seeing all the impact. That I'm making, bro. Like. And. I'm seeing It, And, Its. not just me bro. Like, everybody should be doing this. you ain't gotta be a rapper to be doing this. Whatever field you in, man. If, you a lawyer. If you a teacher. If, you an accountant. If you working. AT the AT. AT the grocery store. If, you working. AT. The gas station. you got opportunities to spread light.


And spread God's message in. What you doing? And? They got opportunities to where you could see Like, Oh. What's going on right here ain't right. Politics. We need more good politicians, man. Instead of people just saying man, all politicians crooked. 'cause most of 'em is. So we need the people. That's Like. we, I'm going be the one that's not a crooked politician, man. And God gifted me to get into That realm. And to be a politician. Just so I could be the change. That. I wanted to see I. Didn't have to be no rapper, man. I graduated college. Like I was good. I was teaching. I was coaching basketball. And I was about to start my own businesses. Man, I just so happened to be able to man. When I put 16 balls together.


It give people goosebumps. And make these cries. And made Tupac. Mama Mr And Shakur say, you remind me of my son with your passion when you are on the microphone. When she saw me perform when I was in college. It make people feel way. you heard me? So I'm Like shoot. I could get in. That. I love rap. I love Hip hop. I. Get in this game to make a difference. you know, And, I could just be in the church all the time with It. we d why don't you just go there? know I'll be in the church And. Then the next day I'll be AT a college And. Then the next day, if I gotta be AT a conference or convention, I'm there. And the next day. If I'm AT, Big, Facts, I'm there. And. Then if I'm on Breakfast Club Like two weeks ago, I'm AT. I'm AT Breakfast Club. And, then Like. There ain't no script to what I'm doing, bro. Ain't no script to what I'm doing.


So It ain't no box to what I'm doing either. And, I, I, I does It all as the same dude with the same passion. I don't get around other people. And be Like. So who I gotta be around them to make them Like you. That Real shit right there. I. Fuck with That. you know I fuck with That, right? You know. Be you AT all time front. Anybody I. Think where I fucked up. AT. I just accepted. That. This shit fucked up. you know what I'm saying? Like, you know a nigga used to be one. Wanna be an advocate? And try to tell people. I just done accept It. Like, man, shit. This shit fucked up.


Seeing our communities grow And Thrive is something we care deeply about here. AT, black Tech, green Money. State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs, And initiatives. That help provide financial literacy, give early career advice. And grow black-owned businesses, thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future That. we all can be proud of. State Farm understands That. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs. Like the Axo, a year long program. That recognizes And rewards high school students for their academic And. Cultural achievements along with funding programs. Like, project Ready, a National Urban League program, committed to educational achievement of black And. Brown youth. That has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. And can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Moments Like, my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more I. Take Ibrance palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, And, liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite.


Need to shake up. Mealtime Gorton Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying And convenient crunch this side of the freezer aisle. Bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn. Butterfly And southern style shrimp. Or mix up any Maine Co from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer battered filets. And Classic fish sticks When It comes to easy prep. Restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag. Nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gordon's dot com to learn more.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds I, think I would describe It as very seamless. It can definitely be something That you can style. It is Like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more


Attention. Parents And grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of Adventure. That will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest And, quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground. With a wide wheel base. And ultra lightweight frames offering superior control. And balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids. Bikes designed And assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality, And durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes. No code needed. Plus, get free shipping And a free bike lock And pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals. And secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding


And I. Think That still come from two different places. Like, I. Think you just kind of Like you. Sometimes you see some shit And. It's so disheartening. That. you just Like, man. Fuck. Fuck all this trying shit. you know what I'm saying? You know. But in your actions alone, Like killer. Mike was telling you, And so many people And your actions. And alone. And our actions alone. It speaks volumes. You You know. So you still, everybody's still having impact by leading by example. Nah, I facts, right? you sometimes that's more than just facts. you can talk to somebody, And, they just, you talk falling upon deaf ears. you dig what I'm saying? know. So I'm facts, right? That's, that's the way I look. AT It I was with Killer Mike two weeks before he won his grand award. I went on my first tour with, with Killer Mike And Young Drew, Jason Jeter was my manager.


I had just stopped being a middle school teacher. One of my music videos went viral. Jason Jeter started managing me. That was a dream come true. 'cause I really looked up to T I a lot. Chip was locked up. AT the time. So me Young Dro Killer Mike This's, 2011, y'all Like. I've been doing this for That long. Same dude. We on the tour bus way back then. Dre being Dre, being crazy, being funny, being a clown. you know what I mean? Killer Mike sitting up front, always dressed in all black, just giving out game. you heard me? Whoever down to sit AT the front of the tour bus with him. Killer Mike just finna fill you up with game all day. I was Like. Shoot. That's gonna be me. So the whole tour, I'm just up there jotting with him.


you heard me just running It, listening to the stories. And all That stuff. And. We seen each other a couple weeks before he won his Grammy I was AT. Stanko Studios doing an interview. Ran into him. Me And Killer. Mike got music together. And, everything. And. He was just Like man. I. See you. He was Like. Hey, the way, the way you do what you do is different than how I do what I do. But AT, the end of the day, we on the same team. We doing. you know, we, we we both in this thing to make this space better for all of us. And, I'm cool with That. I'm cool with not doing It the way somebody else do It or whatever. 'cause I could reach people. That. Somebody else can't reach And.


It's just not enough. Y'all know I went on the whole tour. Y'all know who Macklemore is. Hmm. you know, Macklemore know Grammy. Grammy Award winning Macklemore know Grammy Award winning Macklemore You know, right? Right from Seattle. So when he won all them Grammys for That Song, thrift Shop, And Same Love And can't hold us all 'em songs. I was on tour with him, right? That was right after the Grand Hustle tour. We did 52 City Tour together. This 2012 And on That tour. This is a white suburban audience. AT every show. I'm a black dude from the Ninth Ward, east side of New Orleans. you heard me? I ain't never participated in the street stuff. But that's all I come up around.


So You know It very, we can, I'm just an urban dude. you know what I mean? Every night when the tour start, I'm sitting, sitting here, Like I don't know how I'm gonna relate to these people that's out here to see Mbo. I do not know what songs to do. I'm looking AT my playlist Like. What songs gonna reach them? I figured out a way on That tour to be a version of myself. That I Knew was gonna appeal to all them suburban White fans. That was AT them shows And after a while after Like two or three shows, I figured It out, right? And. So every night I was able to win them over enough to where they was rocking with me. And. It wasn't till I got home back to New Orleans off of That Tour.


That. I felt empty. My pockets was full of money. I was definitely four P. you hear me? But I felt empty because I was Like. D That wasn't even you in front them crowds. Every night you turned into what you knew they were Like. Instead of being you. And being Like. If. you Like, It. you Like, It, If. you don't Like. It Oh. we can That ain't feel good bro. When I got home from That tour, That ain't That. But to some niggas That shit feel good though. Some niggas look AT That shit as I'm just acting correct. Like, we can't see. Just 'cause you got a passion for music. you grew up, you love music. Some niggas look AT this shit as a hustle.


We gotta look AT, It, Like, That from That perspective too, because a lot of niggas be Like, bro, I'm just in this shit. This what It is. Yo, And get my money. And, get up out my Brother. That's And And. And. That's what, that's what allows you to be a glorified prostitute. 'cause you easy to toss. If your soul could be bought for a cost, you a glorified prostitute. AT, That Point. If If, you Like, man. I, say whatever on this microphone. You know I'm about to reach millions of people, but I'm gonna say whatever on It. Even if I don't reach millions, I'm about to reach Boohoo. People on this mic. And, I, say whatever. Long as you pay me for It, you a glorified prostitute. But it's not even I. Don't even think it's so much. That know, A nigga will say anything for the money, but I think what Black was saying is That.


Like. Anytime It, It niggas out here That, don't look AT this shit. Like. I have a passion. And, I'm gonna overthink everything And, I say to make sure it's right. And this, And That, blah, blah, blah. They're looking. AT It, Like. I'm about to tell my story. I'm finna get my money. And. I'm finna get up outta this shit. Not necessarily Like, I'm gonna fucking sell my soul or no shit. Like That. But they're looking AT, It, Like. It's a business transaction, not Like. Okay? This is some shit That I really just wanna do, whether I get paid for It or not. He's saying he's, he's saying with these microphone give you morally responsibility. That's what he's saying. That's what he's saying. He's saying, bro, when you And That, what I'm saying is niggas don't, it's niggas out there That.


Don't look, AT, It, Like, That, And, It. But they're not just gonna say you to though know, but they're not. Bitch, you Gonna have to, that's just Like on this shit right here. I be wanting to say so much shit on this podcast. That, I. Don't say 'cause You know I have a moral responsibility. Like. I be wanting to say so much shit when I be in different mindsets. And different Like. Like. Today. I was saying certain shit, That, you know, but It is what It is. You know, you got a responsibility. Look, Man, know. But you do though. you do. Nah. But what I'm saying is you what? I'm I. Guess what I'm trying to say is I. Don't think y'all are getting what I'm saying. No I, get what You're saying. But I'm just saying I, It's nigga That. I just inputted That because I was That. Nigga Know it's niggas That. True enough. When the mic turns on, you have a moral responsibility.


But It is niggas out there. That. Look, AT this as a job, And as a check And. They feel Like. As long as I don't. As long as I'm not irresponsible with my personal morals, then It is not a big deal. you see what I'm saying? Like, whatever. Whatever's important to you, as long as I don't give a fuck. You Know Like, Like It the shit. That. I. Stand for And. The shit. That. I'm That. I. Believe in, as long as I don't go against That for me, whatever else I say on here is whatever. know You. know what I'm saying? Like, He saying Like this a skit. know That. Basically you saying this is skit, nigga gonna do the skit. Okay, But I'm not going, I'm not gonna say no Like weirdo shit or nothing.


Like That. No And. But AT, The end of the day, me telling my story, if That offends some people, then Oh We. I'm about to tell my story because this is what You know And, I'm about to get my money. Know That. That telling your story part. These people don't be telling they story. you said It earlier. They be telling they partner story. Who in the studio with 'em, who they want to impress. And. They be Like, man. This what the streets want here or this what people want to hear. So I'm gonna do That. When you telling your story, I was with styles P last night from the lock. Ain't That. Creativity Though. Ain't That. Creativity Ain't That. Creativity. If I could take, if I could take, it's Called lying. It's called lying. Nah, I don't think so. If, you talk about some Stuff you don't do. I. Think we. If we think if we, no, no, you right what you're saying. But AT, the end of the day, if It all boiled down to creativity, It is Like.


I can take stories. That, I heard And put 'em into words. And make you feel It. A lot of niggas can't do That. They're still talent. Right? Okay, so let's take creativity, And couple. That with moral responsibility. And, you pour That creativity with the moral responsibility. That, you said we, we should have on the mic And. That makes beautiful art because creativity plus a I got a moral responsibility. So I ain't going, I ain't gonna spin this story in this direction. I'm gonna spin It in this direction. That makes for morally responsible, beautiful art. And. We've seen so many artists be able to do That, That. It's just Like. That's what we need more of, man. We gotta show people That. Peace.


And. Positivity is profitable. People think That only toxic energy. I Agree with That. know people think That only toxic negativity is profitable. know man, we gotta show 'em peace. And positivity is profitable. And, let me show you how I'm trying to show people how right now, bro. In addition to rapping. So look, I put my album out, my latest album I put It out in December. It's called From the Hood to Harvard, right? I let my fans name their own price. I ain't put It on streaming platforms till Till February had It out for two months on my website. D one music.com. DEE the number one music.com. Let my fans go in there. And name their own price.


I don't wanna tell you how much I made. I kind of told myself. I might show I, might show 'em the screenshot or let 'em see the website. Brother I did. So we by doing That That It made me realize I gotta teach other artists how to build a connection with they fans. The way I've been able to build with mine. Because when I gave the fans the choice, man, name your own price. you heard me? But you could come stream It, but get It directly from your boy. Get the art from the artist. I seen something. That Like. It's still blowing my mind to see how we That. That went, right? They got people. That paid up to a thousand dollars for my album people. Not one person. People paying a thousand dollars for the album.


$500 for the album. A hundred dollars. Even the people paying a 20 piece. All That, thousands of people paying, naming their own price for the album. And. I'm seeing this. Meanwhile, I put It on streaming platforms a couple months later. know a lot of people streaming It, but Apple, And, Spotify, And them. People pay us a third of one penny. One third of one penny for every stream we get. The math ain't math. you heard me? So it's showing me That. If I have seen how successful I could be building. Building my own fan base, building a real connection by being myself. And showing That. When I give my fans the option they show up. Like, That, I. Gotta now show other artists how to do That. Show 'em how to do That.


I. Just put a children's book out. you heard me? It's a anti-bullying children's book. It's a hip hop children's book called David Found his Slingshot. I used to get bullied a little bit when I was in kindergarten, right? Eventually me And, my bully became best friends. I. Talk about It in here. How my, my real name David, about how I found my slingshot. Now y'all know the story from the Bible of David And Goliath. David defeated Goliath using a slingshot. So basically this book tells people everybody has a slingshot in life. And, everybody got Goliaths or Like ops, you know, Like enemies, That, they That. They facing a lot of times it's not even people. It is stuff. Like, racism, oppression, you know, depression, anxiety, poverty.


The way That defeats your Goliath is you gotta find your slingshot. Just Like. David did in the Bible. My slingshot is hip hop, man. That's why I'm in this game. I. See That. I'm anointed when I, when I'm in this space, whether I'm speaking or rapping, I. See That, I'm using my slingshot to defeat the Goliath in this World. So whether It is being a rapper, And, being able to write a children's book, being a college professor, dropping albums, doing shows, speak public speaking. I'm trying to show people That, man, peace. And, positivity is profitable. People need to see That. 'cause a lot of people don't wanna rap about this negative stuff, but they feel Like. That's what I gotta do to make And You know they feel Like. That, I have been in the studio with 'em.


And, they Like man. you know, that's what the people want hear, man. We sitting here talking off the mic, talking about facts, talking about some real stuff. know off the mic. We sitting here jotting. you heard me? We having fun? And, we laughing. We talking about real. We talking about man I just bought some property up here on the west side. Oh for real, man, I just bought our apartment complex in Louisiana. Da da da. We talking about all this. Soon as the, as soon as the engineer be Like, hey the beat Ready, you come spit your verse. Now That person, get in the booth. And kill 85 people in their song rapping about straight murder, straight red Rum. you heard me? And, I'm Like. Wait, that's the same dude. That was just out here with me. We talking about some peace, And, positivity, And, economic empowerment. But they feel Like, man. That's what people want from me, man.


So when I get in there, I gotta turn into That. And give people what they want. you gonna give people what they want, they gonna lead you to hell. you give God what he want, it's gonna lead you to heaven. We gotta make a choice. Nah, God want me to give you people what they want. Look, AT hell, this dude If you don't even believe. That, you don't even believe That brother I do believe That in some cases, God wants you to get a people what they want. you think God wants you? I'm saying entertainer. I'm looking from an entertainer point of view. I'm saying Like, God gave you That talent. And, you done touch a certain crowd. Now you, now you gotta sprinkle That growth in them.


you can't just be Straight. The Snoop Dogg again, the Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg you, You gotta sprinkle in there until you get outta It. you can't just, you can't try to leap out That shit. What? Oh, I'm about to really flip the game on you. What if God was Like? Would I rather more than would, I would really prefer more than any of That is If. you wouldn't have started out on That path in the first place. So we talking about Snoop And ball. But Why? But why? But, but, but the reality is That, they did. If he came up in Long Beach, And, this is what he came up in And. This is what he reported. That's his reality. know until he saw the World And, maybe he was enlightened. know that's what I'm saying. you could be led astray or you could be led in the righteousness. That's my personal Belief. So when It comes to, when It comes to a man, That, this gonna be a tough example.


'cause You know you believe in polygamy for sure. you, you Like. We all need to be out here. Conine, And, I, I wanna believe in It. But I can't. I'm mad. Alright, you married? Why Check me out. Check me out. So, so this is a good example for all three of y'all. Look, look, if, if If you was out there If, you was out there cheating on your wife, y'all took vows to be faithful to each other, right? And, If, you knew That. That was wrong. And. If eventually It was Like, yo I gotta make a change. Is It right to say Like? Man, the best way to make a change is I gotta stop cheating cold Turkey. I'm gonna stop cheating all AT Once, let's say you have five side pieces. I'm dropping all five AT once or is It Like.


All right baby, I'm gonna do better. I'm just gonna have four side pieces. Then we gonna decrease Three. No, I'm gonna knock two of 'em. Holes off our back line. I need three. Then get down to to That. To That Ace in the hole. Get down to the Ace. And the, you get down to the a And the hole. you know, shut up man. we you help a nigga, bro. you get down to what bitch bro, in Atlanta? No, just talking shit. But for real bro, You know That, the best way to change would be Like. Man. I gotta, I gotta go cold Turkey. When It come to this stuff to really change And. I just feel Like in the rap game. Nah, we be content with Like. Yo.


This person ain't as bad as they used To be. Nah, I can't agree with That. What you mean I can't agree with That. you Don't think it's confusing to People? I can't when they Like, because AT, the end of the day, if I, sometimes You glorifying killing people. Other times you glorifying Like. Before I could go vegan. I couldn't just go straight vegan, you know what I'm saying? I had to cut back on red meat first, then no beef, no red meat, then no chicken. When pescatarian, And, vegetarian, then vegan. So I, I have to move. And, I have to patient myself. And, you know what? It, It It ain't no as I'm sitting here talking. 'cause It, none of this ain't scripted in real time. It ain't none of our job to, lemme think about It. If I wanna say this, Know I gotta graduate to shit.


I don't know. That's just my case. you gotta respect The journey. know I gotta on the journey because I don't know if the vegan shit gonna make me sick or not. Even though It is the best choice for me. But So you, so you I think I just figured something out, But you cracked the Code. I think so. We gotta respect everybody's journey. I. I, totally agree with That. Here's where I might feel different than y'all. When other people, masses of people, thousands, maybe even millions of people are a part of your journey because you are a public figure. AT, That point, I feel Like. We gotta apply the principle to whom much is given, much is required. So maybe a dude that's Like, Hey, the only people being affected by my journey with my weight.


I'm trying to lose some weight. Only person being affected by my journey is me. So I'm going go, you know, red meat to, okay, no pork. Okay, one step AT a time. Eventually I'm beating. we Can, the end of the day, I get what you saying. But AT the end of the day, it's just Like. you just said Jesus earlier, right? you know I mean nigga with the Chang ain't listening to That. Jesus selling the dope And, you know, nigga didn't, you know, many got money. And went on It. It's gonna be casualties to this shit. you know what I'm saying? It's fucked up to say. But It is bro on your journey. That's what it's because you going Through It, it's, it's a tough reality. you saying It real? It's a feel. What you, it's a tough reality. You You know, know casualties, You know some of them casual too. Let's About, let's think about That. Don't sit we with me dog.


But Let's think about, but It Come with this shit though. It is life. Life wouldn't be life And. If It was Perfect, it's gonna come with some casualties. Let's just think about life Wouldn't be life. And if this shit was perfect. Just think about war, just the word war. And reflect on It happen. Did some good come from war on the back end? Did some people heal? And sometimes know, okay, sometimes they do. But it's, it's a It is not something That I've accepted as in It. This is how It has to be. But the reality is, is this is how It is. Mm know that's what you're saying. So since we are AT war right now inside of hip hop, we are AT war man.


And, we definitely AT war. I'm just telling people, pick a side what side you wanna be On in this one. They done picked It. You know, you know what the price You Trying to get them to come over here That. What you trying to Do? Nah, you know they Already picked they side. It's a lot of people. you right, some people picked their side. And, I realized That more people haven't picked a side. There's more people. That feel Like. It's normal to be on both sides of the World. Let's cry when Nipsey hussle get killed. Let's cry. No better example, let's cry when young do get killed. But when he's alive, And, he's rapping about or involved in street beefs. We, we not opposed to It, we not trying to advocate to get That stuff to stop.


We a record label. We eating off of these beefs, That he got. So we ain't trying to get him to stop That stuff. We ain't trying to intervene between him. And, whoever his ops is, Like we letting That egg on. But then when he die, It is a touchy space. There You go. But it's all entertainment to me, Man. you But I always say That to you because you strong, you strong-minded. you, you have a strong, you, you, you're strong-minded. I'm telling you the majority of people out there. So What we need is, Bro, they got people That. Think Preach instead of preach. Instead of trying to get the rappers to shame, we need to preach to people to get their mind Stronger. That's what I said. That's what I said. know not, not the rap, but, But you And. That's gonna get you And a Beef. No, you can do two things. AT. Once.


This is not about beef. I don't want beef with no rapper. I'm just Telling you You know I don't want beef with no rapper. But I'm also not finna bite my tongue to stuff. That. It's Like. Hey, you could do better than That brother. you could do better than That. you almost 50 years old. And the nigga. Like bro. Who the fuck is this nigga talking To? And? And. Guess what? And, guess what they talking. It's How nigga be thinking Like man. The fuck wrong with this nigga saying my name. So that's what It is. So just because It's ego Like you said ego, ego, ego. But who Don got ego though in 2024. There You go. we Every man got a ego. Like bro. Who the fuck is this nigga think he, because once one nigga get away with playing with you, that's when they, then you got a whole goddamn fuck bank campaign going on.


Mm Gotcha. you, you know, We the part. Dang you had said something. That. I was Like know War Boy. It was after war. Oh. People picking the side. Alright, people picking the side. I. Think That. More people have not picked the side because it's become normalized. For us to just be lukewarm to just And. Lukewarm is Like. I ain't all the way on this side. All all the way on That side. I just kind of want to exist in the middle. And You know That. We were not called to be lukewarm. Like That. But because that's the normal state of things. All I been neutral, neutral. know. Neutral, neutral with stuff. My thing is Like AT a certain point reality gonna hit home for everybody.


To where you either on the receiving end of the negative side of this stuff or you close to somebody who was on the receiving end of That. Negative side of stuff. And, AT, That point. That should be our wake up call. Our light bulb moment to say, man, hold on man. It's a different way. That. We could go about this. It ain't about canceling certain people. It ain't about saying I can't listen to hip hop. AT all, but it's a healthier way. That, we could create It, And, consume It. That's gonna be better for everybody in the long run. And, we gotta have difficult conversations. What we having right now is difficult conversations. you know, And, these difficult conversations give people, man, there's gonna be people blessed by this man.


I don't know. you know how, you know how the internet is? If It ain't no controversy, It might not do the numbers, did It do? If it's Like, Oh, That boy went on there. And just went guns blazing, you know, calling this out, And da da da. But the people that's gonna watch this stuff, man, this is the type of convo. That. It's Like. The World need more of. you feel me? Right? And, And, That is how we ultimately grow. 'cause I don't believe That. None of these people are evil. So any, any anybody whose name I ever said I would love to sit down with them. Now if they're Like, nah, I don't want sit down with you. you, 'cause you said my name, you might have made me look bad on in there. I don't wanna sit down. All good brother. I ain't tripping on That either. But ultimately you wasn't just gonna respond if I sent you a dm. you Ever said somebody's name And, you felt Like I said That in the wrong context.


Oh, that's a, that's, that's a great question in the wrong Context. Like, after you look back, AT It Like know. I should have probably said It, Like, That. So when we talking about a few months ago, me being on Sway in the morning, And. I mentioned Meek Mill, Rick Ross And, Jim Jones name I said It in a passionate way. And I said I simply said Like. Yo, come on brothers I, love y'all too much. To not be honest with y'all bro. Like, y'all could do better man. Y'all could do better than this. Like the messages that's being glorified in this music. Like, come on. We could do better than this. Yo, I'm gonna tell you this.


I, don't think I said It in the wrong way right now. Guess what's happening right now? If. you open your phone. dj Academics is going AT. It with who? Meek Mill And. Guess what? DJ Academics is basically saying the same stuff. That I said to Meek Mill. Let me ask all but he going about It in a way that's Like act. Like. Do you? you really want smoked with Meek? you know what I'm saying? I don't want no smoke with Meek I. Look, AT Meek as a brother every time I go play basketball. I wear his shoes. His ER shoes. Like And I gave out 1300 pair of his shoes in my hood in New Orleans to bless people. 'cause I think that's fire. The prison reform stuff. I simply was approaching It. Like dog I. Think it's confusing to people when they see That you on this, but then you on something different.


Right now Act is saying the same thing. But the way he's saying It is Like dog. you really wanna smoke with this man. Like. You're trying to make him look. Like a clown. And, Like, That. So the way I be going about stuff, I do know That. I get passionate when I say stuff. And sometimes just That passion could make somebody say Oh word. Oh you Like you. you got That type of energy or, or It seemed Like. Nobody took It as disrespect. It seemed Like. The only people, That responded. Shout out to Meek. 'cause Meek responded. And kept It a hundred. He was Like. I ain't gonna lie, brother. We do all, we do all this. We do the the, the positive stuff. And, we do the street stuff. He said That in his Instagram reply, he wrote It as a, as a message for the public to see put It on his story. I respected him being honest.


And just Like. I could call something out. I also supported Meek when he helped to get That. That Bill passed in Pennsylvania a couple weeks ago. And I posted That, if I'm gonna be public about saying you could do better. I gotta be public, about she you on too, right? I was public about saluting Ross when he said big joke just got killed. Come on Memphis, let's put the guns down. Come on Memphis, we could do better. I saluted. Ross And went on Instagram. And did a whole post about That, not That. Many blogs picked That one up though. Oh, they don't pick It up when it's Like Oh. He showing love to them. Now Jim Jones, me And, Jim Jones didn't text each other. AT this point, we ain't met in person yet. I was in Harlem yesterday. I would've loved to have met with him. you know what I mean? Like. So, no, to answer your question, that's a long way of saying I.


Don't think I just be coming. AT people sideways on some stuff. Do I think Ross came AT me sideways in terms of his response. know? 'cause he didn't even respond to what I actually brought up. He just went to, I'm just about to make fun. you, you And call you live, man. And say you look Like a fake roster. And, who are you? you trying to make you trying to go viral on other people names? I think That was wrong. So can I ask you a question Like about the whole meek situation or whatever. So how do you feel about when basically he was saying Like, you said he was saying basically the same thing. That you're saying, but It took Like a personal connotation or whatever because he started talking about other stuff.


But when he started saying, okay, M is supposed to be positive, he's doing street stuff. So now I'm gonna get the reform. I'm gonna try my hardest know to turn him into the governor. And get the reform thing canceled. How do you feel about That? I don't agree with That. I. Think academics. That That shows me That. you don't really have love for Meek Mill. AT the core of who you are. Academics, Like, you looking AT Meek Mill as a op Like. you wanna get him in trouble. you wanna get him canceled. you want him to lose a partnership. That he has in his state to where he doing great things. I don't want me to lose nothing. When It comes to That, I want to celebrate That side of him even more. And, get him to lean into That type of side.


That's the difference. Know I, just these People are not my ops Like. They're not my ops. AT all It. It's just Like, man. Short, low said, But I feel. But It must be two sides. It's Like. Come on man. Like. If it's two sides, I'm saying It is better for all of us to have you lean into the good side. Know that's what I'm saying, Like. I. Just feel Like. When It comes to That particular situation, when It goes left to the point of you saying, That, you are, you are trying to get a movement shut down. That's doing so much good. And helping so many people. And, you are trying to get him in trouble with these same people.


That are helping. Helping By academics, not me. You know, not you. But when you say That, you're trying to Like. I said, get the movement shut down. That in turn is doing so much good. And helping so many people. And get him in trouble with these people. And, these political figures. That are helping him change the laws. And helping him. Like make a better way for the people. I feel Like. That should remove your ability to speak on whether or not what you feel Like he's doing is right or wrong. I mean, okay, Spit It up nigga, I'm spitting It out. I'm saying Like, when the shit turns personal, And, when you start trying to Like basically set up a nigga's downfall, then what's your conversation is invalid.


AT. That point you said 'cause If you. If you're, if you're saying okay, he shouldn't be doing both because he's trying to do something positive, okay, leave It, AT, That, And. But don't say, okay, now I'm finna attack this nigga. know And. Try to goddamn know. Stop all this good shit That he's doing know because I feel a personal way about him. know And. Now I'm about to try to go after know everything That he has going on you conversation means nothing. AT That point because it's some personal shit. And not from an objective point of view. And, there you go. Agree. I agree with you. We on the same page. And, people gonna look AT what kind of fruit your tree produces. So it's Like, academics outside of criticizing Meek. What do you stand for? My dog. Like, what do you be pushing?


But unfortunately academics is known as a dude. That be egging on some of them. Beefs, And, rap. And be trying to Like push people to the toxic behavior. And, And, And, he covers That stuff in a way. That, he has a reputation for That. So It don't seem Like act dog. you always on some on this type of time. It seemed Like act. you got a personal issue with Meek right now know, but outside of this boy, you be perpetuating the negativity too. And act, with That being said, my brother, you can do better as we DJ academics, you could do better, bro. If, you really on That type of time. Where you saying Meek Mill being on both sides bothers you. Then you have to show That. you aren't on both sides on a regular basis. you gotta show That when people look AT.


What D one been representing for the last 15 years since I put my first album out in 2008? It's the same thing. That, I'm on now. That's something I'm proud of, bro. This ain't no man right now. It is just convenient to call this out. I. Think this gonna get me some interviews. And, get me on Big. Facts, man, I've been the same way, man. I don't know how to not be this way. That's how much I've been Like. This I don't know how to not be this way. I just feel Like. If you're gonna advocate for one thing, And, try to call other people out on their flaws. In contrast to That one thing, you shouldn't have any flaws either. So, okay, everybody, the part, the part I disagree with is you shouldn't have any F flaws either.


Everybody have flaw, everybody gonna Have No, what I'm saying is, If, you are a hypocrite. If you're trying to, no, He's saying, he's saying he, he basically We, I'm gonna speak for him. But I think what he's saying is, I'm Listening. Like, he ain't got no flaw. His flaws only harm him. They don't harm other people. Y'all both right? we banks saying it's right, but no, Jay, what you saying is right. 'cause you are implying, yo, it's very easy to see Like academics. Boy, you don't be standing for no positive stuff. Like outside of all of a sudden you gonna give me canceled. 'cause you so appalled by what he threatened you online. But, but outside of this, you don't be on no positive righteous stuff. AT all And. You're saying that's hypocritical.


Act very Why you got no I agree with you. We're on the same page. Oh. No, I thought you were talking about him. No, no know know You know. That's why It seems Like. She talking about me. You You know. That's why I wanted to keep staying for the camera. you talking about act right? Because know I don't I don't have smoke with these people. know the difference is I gotta I gotta tell y'all this. There's two types of love, right? Who got kids here? I don't have kids yet. you got kids. Kids got you kids, you got Kids. I got Got kids, got kids, kids here. I'm the only one with none. All right, look, I need to make some babies. All right. That being said. No, I'm just playing I. how? get married first. Check this out. They got Two. The Bible. The Bible told you That Do we can take It there. If. you want brother Know? Who told you this?


The Bible told me. That, The Bible told me. That good man. And, And. It makes sense Oh, because it's Like. All right, let me get to my point, bro. Go I, We Christ. I'm gonna get back on you, man. know. Go ahead. We need some more. Is he looking for where the rest of the Christ there? Let him piss right quick. All Goy. Go ahead. know, keep going, keep going. Alright, this this an important point. What? know what I about to say? We talking about Having kids. And. Did the Bible tell you That academics to wait to marriage Know before kids though, We were talking about the hypocrisy in certain situations, The hypocrisy in certain situations.


So Like, the pot calling the kettle black basically. Basically. All right, And I was talking about, talking about You. know, there we go. I got It know. All right. There's two types of love, right? There's something called affirmative love, right? There's something called transformative love, right? Affirmative love is because I genuinely love you. Jay, I'm looking for anything positive That. I can say about you. Exactly. And, your hair is so fire. I'm loving them Braves. I'm loving these kicks. I'm loving the Nike socks. you heard me right? I'm loving the the nails. I'm affirming you. Right? Right. That's one type of love. But transformative love scream is when you say I love you to the point where I'm gonna affirm you when it's time to dog you a beast on the ones And tools Like you this, you That give you compliments.


But because I'm practicing transformative love, I'm also going to love you enough to tell you when you could do better. That's right. Because I wanna see you be the best version of yourself. know I'm, I'm practicing transformative love inside this culture. But because of egos, sometimes And just because of a culture, That don't take we to anybody saying anything about anything. They feel Like Oh, you said something about this person or you said something about this topic. you must got smoke with them. People want It to become That. Then you got people, Like, the academics, And, meek mill thing. That come along. And, you clearly see act. That's not transformative. Love That. you practicing with Meek Mill right now, dog. you not truly trying to see Meek get better.


you got issues with Meek, you know what I'm saying? know And. That And. That feels different. So for me, I'm Like. I'm not coming in with none of That type of energy. Listen, AT, the end of the day, I, don't know if y'all know this or not, but people stop taking you as serious when they see man, you standing on this one day, but then the next day you standing on That. you ain't standing on no business AT all. 'cause one day you standing on this business. The next day you standing on That business. The No, that's when It contradict. No, no, not, not saying listen, And, it's a contradiction. That's when It Contradict to be Like. you wanna see things get better, but you intentionally making ops what Charleston is doing, AT this point. I have seen It cross That line to where you going out here doing things.


I'm seeing you AT your comedy show, throwing chairs, AT a dude in the crowd getting into It With people when you came in. Like, fuck these niggas though. So That ain't cut you, nigga. So you come in with, you came in Like, fuck these niggas. If, you come in Like, That. Then That implies That. you don't love them. And, If, you don't love me. Then I ain't even trying to hear nothing you got to say that's the difference. But the thing is, okay, if that's the case, then, then you, That's a lot of nigga know If, you trying If. you know nobody Know. If you're not trying to hear what he has to say, we making them leaders us. Why? If they don't love nobody, I don't want nobody leading our community. If they don't love nobody. If, if they might coming in And F, but, but You got But but, but we see. See that's just what you see. you don't see the nigga still be posting. I'm out here, such And, such these folks showing me love. These folk, he showing the love, he getting And giving.


we, every time this nigga go And, he in the trenches showing the love That. He's getting And, giving Like. you just catching a viral moment. Go in the nigga page. He's showing Like. You know I'm out here in overtime. You You You know I ain't in Buckhead. I'm over here on Bankhead kicking with these niggas. Woo, woo, woo. Regular nigga. Right? Right. If, you just said something bro. That, It is Like. Ah. Just 'cause we getting love for something don't mean That. What we doing is right. Nah, Nah, nah. I did we you my brother, but go the story of Jesus. He walked amongst the thugs, And the peasants, And. What he didn't do when he walked amongst the thugs, And the peasants, my good brother is he didn't become so much Like them That.


They would having more the 2020 Photo. Shit Know remix. He gotta people where they AT. He Didn't become so much Like them That. They had more of an impact on him than he did on them. I'ma Tell you where Jesus went when he left there. The people were more Like. Dang, he, You see what happens? They crucified. You see, G, they crucified. Real know. They went on ahead. And hung you up, bro. you, you really ain't about That a nigga. you gotta meet these niggas where they AT. Who really ain't about what I'm just saying a nigga, that's how them folk felt. Fuck all That, hang them up. And. And. That's why Oh. So you believe That happened? I'm saying whatever they say happened ain't say, Do you believe That That Happened? I don't know. Did It say in the Bible? Do you Believed It know It said It in the Bible. Okay, So you believe the Bible, right?


Do you believe? No. I'm asking you right now. I don't know what Happened. you using It as an example though. So you can't use something as an example, but be Like. But I don't even know if I I believe That happened. you believe That happened? I believe That happened. That's all It takes to be a Christian is to believe. That. That happened. And to believe That God created. Jesus sent him here. So That That can happen. That's what I Don't believe. That Mary got pregnant on. No, on no virgin. Jesus as a virgin I don't Believe. That. Why? Not? Just because you how? Because you ain't never seen not Long been lying, man. I don't believe. That. You don't believe That. I don't Believe That. But how is That scientifically possible? That Know I, Its, not It, which Imp That the baby That. It never happened again. Its, not It. That means That. She And fucked up. Hold up. So you thinking, my wife get pregnant right now by another nigga. And. She don't want me to find out. She would say she finna have Jesus.


We almost there. Hold on. We almost there. Listen, we almost there About And. Go to her grave. Listen, listen, Listen. We almost, Did they have milkman back then? What did you talking about Oh? Man, what? What You saying? Did they have milkman back then? You asking me Like? I was alive? I'm trying To, I'm just saying because That, that's That. Could have been back. Hold on, hold on, hold on. How do we get back to That though? Let's start back. Why we got back to That? All right, Hold on. The, the part about a, a virgin being able to have a child exactly. It proves That, this child, And this whole way That, this baby came about was not of this World. Because if It is of this World, a dude would've had to get her pregnant. So basically her baby was You. Not an alien, a god, a divine being.


So you believe they, you Hold On. But A but a but a divine being isn't human though, right? A divine being came down here in human form. Come on now. It gotta be one or the other. How we able to Kill you? It gotta be one or the Other. Hold on, hold on, hold on. How we can kill you. That's why there's only one. Jesus It gotta be one or the other. Let's listen. No, but Jesus is gone. He's outta here. So we can't even use him as an example anymore. That's What I'm saying. Exactly. That's why they as a Christian, And You know scream, probably Like. But this other religion says this And That, And I really respect how you done studied everything. So you Like know. But as a Christian, I'm saying know that's what we are saying is That. Exactly. That's why there ain't no other prophet out here who, that's why when Kanye say he's a God boy, you better stop all You.


No, there's no other prophet. Because there are no other pregnant virgins. Huh? There's no other prophet because there are no other pregnant virgins. Exactly. There you go. you. But was there even really a real first Version? Hold on, hold up. Yes. So what? Lemme ask you this. The answer is yes. you don't believe, believe That Jesus existed then the answer is no. D one. Lemme ask you this. I think you believe That. Jesus did exist. So If, you believe That, but I Just don't think I. Just It was immaculately accepted. D one. Lemme ask you this, bro. Lemme Ask you. So why would they cover up who his daddy was? And, And. And. Why? Why? you gotta ask the lady. Ask Mary, thank you. Yes. But why? The Bible talks about other people. That was known prostitutes. And people. That was Like. Like living That life.


And, Oh. They had married, they had Mary on a pedestal. They had Mary on a pedestal. Yes. So why would they choose Mary outta all women to be on a pedestal? Why? Good Face. She's been on there. She was on the pedestal before she became an alleged fucking pregnant virgin. Hold on, lemme ask y'all this. Mary Wasn't D one. Mary wasn't popping. D One. D one. D one. D one, please lemme you. Nobody. Nobody was checking for Mary. Mary wasn't Like. Some big dog was Like. Mary was Like. Rosa Park. Mary was ducked off. And. That's why she had something to hide. There you go. Just 'cause somebody, bro, Bro, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hold on, bro. Bro. Bro before I Forget. Come on now. Let's think about It. Hold On ahead. D please, sir, let me ask you this question.


Ask you this question. you gonna make me forget the motherfucking question, man. That's her That ain't me. That's her. Listen man, that's her. I'm coming back on here, man. Come on man. If, you think, let me ask you this, man. Damn man, I don't hate when I do That shit. Come on. Hold on. Don't look AT black. Just take your eyes off of Neil Remembering. Just A second. know y'all. Go ahead man. Damn man. I been try to get nigga attention the whole time. Man. If I'm, if I'm looking AT, this queen right here, And. If I'm talking to her, Just don't say Grand rising because I'm not a biscuit. You not That. No. All Right. Right. Y'all crazy. Oh You know why, why, why? Mary wasn't, if she had the son of Jesus, I mean the son of God, Jesus.


Why wasn't she, why did she become Like a God? You gotta ask God there, brother Oh. No, I'm asking you Brother. I'm saying Like. Why did they Catholic religion? She's Huh? And the Catholic religion. She a former Parent. I. I'm saying why we, why did we glorify? She's a, she's a saint. Why didn't we glorify her more Like? She should have the touch Like. My mama. My mama Barbara, right now, she feel Like. She the motherfucker. 'cause she had me because She had you. Shout out to Ms. Barbara. Know she feel Like. Man, my son And, my son, And my son. That's how my grandma feel. You know what I saying? you get what I'm saying? My grandma too brushed her soul. Know. Same. Why Mary ain't really get no clout out.


That Like. She got clout, brother. She got, she got clout. you just had Jesus And. It killed your son. And. you still Here. But her word know, showing know Like. Why we ain't Playing I? Think her word might not count because niggas know how she conceived. Jesus. What you a conspiracy theorist. That's what you is. Me too. I just wanna make It make sense? Like I. Just thinking Like, how do you women near D Day, Like, How are you? You know what I'm saying? How are, How are you, Joseph Like. Joseph, you Joseph, big Joe And. you with Mary And? Joseph been in the field working And.


She's just so happy to get pregnant. What is, she goes tell you And, You ain't touch Mary Big Joe Like. We gotta put all this shit in perspective of this. This woman, she had a dude, right? She was married to Joseph, bro. She was married to Joseph. Right? know. But she got pregnant. And had a baby by somebody else. What is she gonna say? Like? How, how are you internalizing That Big Joe? If. You part me Big Joe Said, Joe, you big joke. No said joke. you And. No, you, you, you're Joseph right Now, would you Like. Damn. What would you believe? Am I tripping Scream you Justin, wake up tomorrow with the Jesus in the Right.


know. We ain't know. We ain say That. My wife popped up pregnant, but I didn't touch It know with his wife. His wife Wake up tomorrow. Like. He know we been, we been, we been Ramadan. We've been having sex. What She two weeks? I. Just I. Just think I. Just think I. Just think honestly. My, my perspective on It is I. Don't take see I. Don't take the Bible. When I read It, literal word for word. Like. Like this. Right. I. Take the what you were saying about the power. The power of the tone. Me too. Me too. Me too. you know what I'm saying? Me too. Nah, they got Damn Shit. Like, pastor Keon, they my favorite. you know, It is about Pastor Mike Jr. They're my favorite.


Like. They speaking It. They It Like. Trust me, it's a lot of stories in the, I'm just saying Like, some of the stories just don't make sense to Me. Don't That part Know Like. I'm just, I'm just putting It up to Like. Believe me. I believe the whole story of Jesus. I believe That, he was a special person. I believe all That. I believe all That. But I don't know if he the son of God. I feel Like. If he the son of God, there's more sons of God. I do too. That's how I feel. I don't feel Like. It just one Like. He just need to be God than Jesus. I don't feel Like. That, I. Feel Like. you be God. Jesus God. These niggas I seen be gods in the neighborhoods. Like. These are same type niggas. That may not just be reaching the same type of people. I think you was a son of God.


But I also think I'm a son of God. you, you're a son of. Thank you. That's what son of God, what I'm saying, Like. That's Like. God has a long lineage. It's not just him. And the nigga. I don't know. That I don't know That That. Mary just had this Like. I, don't believe That You. you know what? It is too. I also think That. It's Like how people nowadays who didn't see Jordan play, don't believe That Jordan was as great as he Was. Nah. you can believe That, They be Like. They, You can scream. You feel me on this scream. I'm talking to scream right now. you Me on this. Right? You Like basketball. Michael Jordan's the greatest ever. There you go. I. Understand what you saying. You saw Jordan. you saw Jordan with My own eyes. Exactly. you know these little youngsters nowadays, Bro, bro, bro, come on Man.


you feel me? I got you on That know. But what I'm saying is going to Jamaica, And being amongst my Rastafari, And brothers, And. My Rastafari brothers say, Ja, I, Like, s And, so forth, And stuff, Like, That, I. Can't argue with their spirit. And their belief. And what they saw. And hell, ssi. you see what I'm saying? I wasn't there. So I can't tell them. That, you're not following the right prophet. Mm. Because this is the only prophet. Amazing And. Then I also say, lemme just finally say this, If, you grew up, let's say you grew up in Asia your entire life, right? And, you're only, you were only exposed to Buddha. you were never exposed to a Bible or the story of Jesus Christ or Jesus or anything.


Like, That, And. you were only exposed to this from your birthdate to your death date, right? That's all you are exposed to. you don't know any other way. But If, you pray every day, And, you worship a higher power. And, you're Like you humble yourself to say thank you for another day. And the blessings you bestowed upon me. And so forth, And, so forth. I. Still think you could be rewarded. And blessed here. And after here. That's my belief, right? Me too. No, that's I respect you. That's It, right? Because even the way you articulating what you're saying is coming from a place of Like, rationale, If. you didn't crack the code. you just know a lot. know a lot of people are, are coming. 'cause one thing I was gonna comment on what you said was, Like, I'm cool with a lot of Muslims, Like a lot of right.


I'm cool with a lot of rastafaris. you know what I'm saying? I'm a Rastafari. I'm cool with people. That's Like. Hey, I'm spiritual, but I'm not religious. AT all so I, don't clam nothing. And. I'm friends with these people. And. What I realize is you are either going to Approach your relationships with them to where you always telling them, you know what you believe is wrong. Right? you know what you wrong. know what I believe is, right? you are either gonna do That, And, you're gonna become That person, or you're gonna be the person that's Like. Hey, AT, the end of the day, you might be a Falcons fan. I'm a Saints fan. you heard me know I'm black And gold. you heard me all day, but I'm, I'm still able to look.


AT, what It is. We do have in common And what we are on the same page about. And still exude That love with you. And connect with you on them levels. And, AT a certain point. The things That. We know That, we got different feelings about That stuff. If those conversations need to come up, if And when that'll happen on its own. But I'm not getting cool with you just to be able to tell you know, you wrong And. you know you wrong. 'cause that's not love. And. That's not what to bring. It really full circle. That's not even what Jesus did. Like the way Jesus did walk amongst the, the, the sinners. And the thieves. And, the tax collectives is That. He was there eating dinner with them. AT they crib. They clearly thought he was a cool dude. They was inviting him to they crib.


you feel me? So when people try to come AT me, Like, I'm just gonna name some artists. That. I've had featured on my songs. And. People try to come AT me. Like. we, why would you have this person on your song? I'm just Like. Stop. That sounds elementary. Why would you have the game on your song? Why would you have Kevin Gates on your song? Why would you have Fred Brand, bang, project, pat, star, Lido, juvenile, Manny, fresh, Lupe fiasco, big crit. The list goes on. Why would you have these people on your songs over the course of your career? It's Like. Why would I not? We have so much That we relate on as people. 'cause we are people first. you know what I mean? And. The human experience is something That so many of us can relate on That. I just need to be in relationship with these people.


That's why I'm thankful That, God is using me to be able to build bridges to where it's Like. Oh word. I ain't talked to a dude that's a Christian maybe in a long time or That really stand on his Christian beliefs. But I met D one. And. Dude, a little crazy, but he cool. Like. I rock with dude. Maybe That helps open the door to somebody saying, you know what? Maybe if I do go to church, or maybe if I meet some more Christians. I'm not coming into It with just this wall up Like. Y'all all super just, when Have you found out? Like, you tricked we. How would you feel? Like? Like. you been bamboozled by the Bible? You Know? How would you Feel? Like. I would be dead when That happens. Number one. Because It would be in the afterlife.


'cause in this lifetime, Like, can anybody tell you? That, you not black AT this point? Know Somebody could tell you you Not black, but the color black might not even be black. The color black might not. It might be caramel. Right? Reverend Hall Bank though. Okay, So You saying that's possible? know I, feel Like. you was the student in class who always, if the teacher try to make an example, he Like. I'm gonna go against the point You know you trying to make just so you can Make It. But Can somebody, can somebody tell you scream That, you are not a man. That. you are a woman. Nobody can convince you of That. That's how firm I feel. know about my belief. know nobody Can convince you of That. No, you right. There you go. The Man's part, man, woman can Know.


That's how, that's how firm I feel about my belief in God. And about my belief in Jesus. To where yo, if It do come out, then it's Like. Oh. Man, you got bamboos. And. Guess what? I ain't gonna be here to find out. And. I'm gonna be in the afterlife anyway. And. It's gonna be Like. Oh. It is too late because That ain't happening. While I'm here, I can dig That. you feel me? Nah. I feel the same way though. know I ain't I ain't saying That. I just don't believe nothing. That. They told us before we know something. Mm Mm So how you, so how you know That your parents or your parents, you didn't watch them have sex. And create You It was somebody That random thoughts though. Somebody who was in the room, You know what I'm saying? Somebody That, vouched, That. This lady had me.


you know. you know that's why Like, Like. I said I believe everybody should, It should be mandatory. That. you get a DNA test for your father because your mother have you And your father. Get a DNA test them, your parents. So what about your great who? I'm assuming they no longer here with us on Earth. So AT this point to believe That, your great-grandparents was really your great-grandparents. you gotta go based off hearsay, word of mouth AT. This point. 'cause nobody who was alive when they was alive is still here. But you believe That, you need Somebody. Put us on the wrong last name. Where are the crisises least we got names. Kid I. Don't think That brother. When did, when did last names even get made up? If. you wanna really keep a gangster.


When did That even start? Last names Least You. know somebody. That. know your gre. Greedy. Gritty. Gritty, greedy. Grandma You. know somebody. That know somebody. They used to be around there with them folks. And. You believe in dinosaurs? Yes. You know. Y'all know anybody who ever seen a dinosaur? Yes. Who? A nigga. Who know a nigga who knew a nigga. Who knew a nigga who knew a Nigga. I can't ask questions to him. I gotta ask questions here. And. We just let you jump in there. Every A nigga who knew, a nigga who, because get what? The only reason why we know It about Dyson. 'cause a nigga told another nigga who told another nigga who told another nigga, the nigga Like on some telephone shit. And, And, And. They got bones And shit, right? Fa Just Like. They got historical artifacts verifying That Oh.


No, Jesus definitely was alive. Like y we, he's Not, he He. Again, we not saying say That. Jesus would just saying That, That. I'm not saying it's made up. I'm saying, I'm saying listen, if I wrote a Bible, if if 12, how many, how many people wrote the Bible Like Matthew Jones. How many people It was I? Don't know the all my niggas wrote a Bible about me. What the hell you think they gonna say I was? Man, They gone. Chances are they Be all my niggas. They're gonna be biased. But they gonna all have a different account of who you were. 'cause they experienced you in different ways. It don't matter. But they still going. These my niggas. I'm saying But why? But why would they choose you to write the whole Bible based on, because I was special. you don't think you special make, take 12 of your friends right now.


That believe in what you do. A 12 of your followers, nigga That really freely fought with you than write a Bible. I think they would rather write a Bible about themselves before they wrote one about me. No, bro. Who you Gonna love more than you love yourself in this Story? I. Understand what I'm saying bro? you don't know how you touch people bro. If, you could touch niggas in ways. That. They That. It is unexplainable, bro. Breta If. you had a chance to write a book on anybody in this World? No bru. King James came as 12 niggas. Hey, I'm writing a book about the boy David. Man I Like him. Hey, you know, tell your best stories. But King James Like David literally Though. No, but I'm tell you, tell your best stories.


Okay? How the fuck you think that's gonna come out? It's gonna come out amazing. If they're telling their best stories, why wouldn't It come out of Me? So did you think they came to them folks? And say tell your worst stories. I. Think it's I. Think It was I, I, I, I. First of all, I. Don't think King James had a meeting with everybody. Who, whoever did the books, whoever got the books, whoever did the Bible, whoever wrote the books. I'm saying whoever wrote the Bible, And put It all together. We got stories, right? If if, listen, if everybody in this room who I worked with, And, whatever, they're gonna tell the good times of bank. Mm. They're gonna tell all the times I made them feel. They gonna say, but sometimes he be glitching. Sometimes he did walk amongst the prostitutes. And, they gonna say all of That shit. But they still gonna say who I was.


And make me a special person because I am a special chosen nigga. I did some un incredible shit in my lifetime, just as a regular street nigga. So they gonna tell That same story as in the book of Jade. What you think they gonna sound Like about bank? The book of Shante. The book of David. My buddy David. These nigga gonna tell the this nigga's a hero, Right? So you making a good point, but allow me to make one as we Go ahead. As much as people revere Martin Luther King, they got them people. That's Like man. Martin Luther King had HOES on top of HOES. On top of this man was crooked. This man was foul. That other side has come out.


It ain't as popular as the ones that's big up in him. But all you gotta do is Google. They got whole books written on how Martin Luther King was. Not nobody. We need to be looking up to Nipsey. This shit is recent As much as, because All That shit recent Nip Nip only been passed away for what? Five years AT this point. But all That shit recent. As much as people, as much as people revere, nip, And, look up to nip, they got the other side you of, you got people you could call 'em haters of nip. you could call 'em whatevers. But they got people That come out. And say nine positive things about nip all this time. And, you ain't heard nothing bad about Jesus. Come on man. He gotta be not of this World got to You ain't heard nothing bad about Jesus. But what's the color?


Like The name could be changed. This is what I'm saying. Like. First they saying could be black, could be white, could be this right, could be different colors. Brown skin light-skinned, whatever. Right? Who's to say That, his name is Jesus. I mean the Israelites calling something else. Right? That's what I'm saying. Like. AT the end of the day. Do we really know the story is what I'm saying? Right? I ain't saying I don't believe That. This is a person. I. Don't say 'cause everything has been remixed. know We should be able to I. Don't think That you, everything has been remixed. I. Don't Think That, we couldn't play the telephone game. We got one. We got six people in here. If we had 30 students in this class, And, if we did a telephone game, I'm gonna start a message out. I'm gonna pass It to you. And.


Everybody telling you Gonna be different end. It's gonna be different. you the life of Jesus. That's what we said. But Free the life of Jesus. The life of Jesus Christ. All in different interpretations of the Bible. It's the same account of his life, the same one. What's the odds of That brother? But in you he was able to heal in. But in Y though, it's an It is It is. It's many of those know, it's many know. It is many of those that's over different things. It's Like. And. They say, okay, that's supposed to be in Jesus. you get what I'm saying? In the Bible, Like, And, That came before Like. What about the religion? That came before Jesus. And any of the other stuff. What about those religions, right? we people were spiritually had had religion.


What about those before? Before Jesus came, before the Savior came, Jesus Christ came. What? What about those people? How would they get to God? How would they get into God? AT, That point, they couldn't get to God through Jesus. So they had to be going through God directly. That's a great question. So you said I, they believed then what? Jesus said, they believe in sacrifice. They believe in all type of things. Stones, Bro. I could pull up the scripture, bro, to where God literally says, I am sending my son down here. And, any of you But Who wrote That. So are you worried about who wrote It or If you? But I'm saying listen. Listen. How is It true? If y'all was able to get to me, And, get healings, And, everything on the World, And, all these miracles was here before Jesus.


Answer me That. That's all I wanna know. How do we, how do we get blessed? How do we get anything for our sins or anything before Jesus, when It was already, God was, we had already be created. Right? So this And, this, this is where I, this is where I'm AT with Covenant. That was created. Once Jesus came here, God became way more Merciful. That's, that's Oh. My God. That's, that's, that's religion. And. Listen, this is my final question on It. So Jesus was, God sent it's D one Godsend, Know. No, no, no, no. But I wasn't born From a Virgin. We're not talking about the specific of your religion. And. What you believe. We we respect. We we respect we. We respect you.


I respect you. Even us I, respect everybody's religions. And their philosophy. Nothing. Fuck with DEE. Cultural. Cultural. But what I'm saying is they say the Christ within you, right? I think That story of Jesus is to show us That. We should not have these limitations in these ceilings. Right? Right. I'm not saying I'm God, Like, Oh, God, Like, That. But God is within me. Yes. So if I tap into That power properly, You know since I became better AT tapping into That part into That power, Like, I've been a better person, a more powerful person. I've been able to touch other people. I've been able to shift energy out. This is godlike. I'm not God, but I'm saying That. God is within me. So I, just think That the story of Jesus. When they say That Christ within you, tap into the Christ within you.


Tap into That. God within you. That's what I'm you. I'm saying And hold. I had I had to tripped him up a little bit. Scream before you got there. And broke. It down. Broke It down. Good. you, you kind put me back on his side. My shoes Strapped up tight. I wasn't tripped up. AT all you got your shoes Off. Help me understand That, help me understand. you tripped up. You heard me? He ain't even, he I got him outta his shoes. You know? Help me understand That, what's up? What's up? Help me understand That, you helped me understand That. What was the question? I get with screen saying great analogy. DJ scream. Great. SLU slu. you always bailed this thing out. Help me understand. How did we get to God before Jesus? Bro, that's not a hard question.


It was directly, It was Like. you are able to, you are expected to pray directly to God. Just Like. Now, How do we know to pray? If wasn't no sins, Like, he died. I'm the 10 Commandments was out. What you you talking about? 10 command was That. The 10 command Know bro. Where That shit dropped Like. It's an album or something. Man, that's an Old Testament. we lemme Ask you this. This is my question. 10 command bro. Ad Moses, you Heard me? And Moses. Alright, so, alright. So why Moses won a special nigga Oh. He was, he was one of them ones. So why we were, he had Johnny Baptist, you know what I'm saying?


you had other people Hold all you before Jesus. Right? All these people who before Jesus, Abraham And, all them people, right? Baptist during Jesus time. Huh? Johnny Who before who? Before Jesus. So only thing made Jesus. Jesus. You just said John Ur Jesus time. I'm talking about he before And And During you saying, before And during, right. Okay. That's why he Played both sides. No, he Didn't play both. He was there. He just, he was og You know. Listen, listen, Let's go. Come On. So only thing made Jesus, Jesus was, he was born from a virgin, Basically. There you go. There you go. Hold. Basically. So That made It seem Like. He the direct plug to God. Thank you. But the thing is, The Before Jesus, miracle, miracle, And, And That you.


Because everything else in life, they got a direct plug to whatever It is. So if they Had a direct plug to God before Jesus got there, what the fuck did they need Jesus For? Yo. Because that's what I'm saying. Yes. Because because when you read, you realize Oh, they was wilding the F out in the old, They wilding out now to the point. That, Jesus still around And. Niggas wilding out. Now we guess What God did. He gave us a tangible role model. 'cause you can't relate to God when it's just Like. Oh. My God. So you said It wasn't no good nigga 4G Oh. No. They had no, they had good, they had good people for sure. They had good people. But, but if he Was placed here to be a tangible role model, then why did they nail his ass to the cross? To show how unhealthy humanity is compared to him. That. Y'all gonna take the son of God, a freaking perfect human being who been down here performing miracles, healing the sick, healing the dead blessing people.


And. Y'all gonna kill him. What was the purpose? And. Y'all gonna kill him. And, y'all. What was the purpose of them? Because they still killed niggas after they nailed his Ass. What you mean exactly? So the, the purpose of them killing him was to show That. None of these human beings is our savior. 'cause we all corrupt. We all so corrupt. And. We ain't even kill the son of God. That was down here. So AT the end of the day, you could look up to people to a certain extent. But ain't none of us gods. We are godlike, we made in his image. But when you got people that's out here thinking that's a big Difference. Lemme there Had to be one. If there wasn't one Jade, then It would be Like. we hoo we. But if the same shit continued to go on, then That one nigga did Not make A difference. If, you Know how you Die? Nah. That, that's not I. I I couldn't agree with That one.


Why not? If the same stuff continued to go on? Because not everybody after the time of Jesus is even believing or adhering to what Jesus preached. you got some people. That's Like man. F all That. I'm finna go wild out man. Take me to the strip club. Take me to the hood. Da da da da da. you got some people that's Like, I hear all That message over here. But I ain't on none of That. you hear me? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm living Like this 'cause this is my life. we Explain to me his purpose again. You know, you know And, you know what God blessed us with? Which was free will. He loved us so much. That. He's Like. Dang. I'm gonna give y'all a free will. 'cause ain't nothing better than being able to say I want my left hand to move. And. I'm making move. Nah, you I. Get what you saying. But the problem with the free will is ever since even Adam And Eve, ever since Adam And Eve with That, free will God will be Like.


Look, y'all can do whatever y'all want. Just stay away from That tree over there. It's called. you know, that's, that's the tree of good And evil. It's in the Garden of Eve. Just stay away from That tree. But y'all got the rest of all this to do whatever you want. That's Like. We in this studio right now. Whatever y'all do, just don't, don't open That door right there. But all this is good. Guess what? The first two human beings That ever existed went And dead. They said, Oh, we wanna open That door right there. So they went, And ate off of the one tree. That. He told 'em not to eat off of AT. That point. It's Like Oh. All humanity is corrupted. If the first two human beings, That, I created is gonna go. And disobey me. When I gave 'em all this freedom, And all these blessings, humanity is corrupted.


AT a certain point. Sodom And, Gomorrah I heard you mention That. you got all these other examples. They was wilding the F out. you heard me in the, in the Old Testament. They was wilding out to the point where God was Like, somebody gotta intervene. We didn't all needed That person to, But how did, how did, how did Jesus, so he Hold on I. Just a good metaphor. Lemme get up about, go ahead. I'm cooking. Listen, we didn't all been in school. And. Somebody in class wilding out. It probably was you, you heard me in class. Wilding out to the point where they'd be Like. Hey, call in the intervention officer. Call in somebody. The teacher can't even handle them. No more. Call in somebody. Man. When I was in school, they had to come in And, put a boy in a, in a, in a sheet with a blanket on top of him.


And, wrap this dude up. And hold all corners just to contain him. And, And. Pull him to the office. When I was in elementary, I never forget That. But the teacher couldn't handle That. They had to really get Like grown, strong suffocate. So what happened? Now, he didn't suffocate. But That being said, It got to That. Point to where God was Like. I gotta call in something. That shoot. Reinforcement. Reinforcement. I'm gonna give them one of them. But The reinforcement didn't reinforce. That's what I'm saying, Oh. He did And. They do you know how many people Jesus blessed just 'cause a few people chose to kill him? No, What I'm saying, he, he blessed. But I thought, from my understanding from what you were saying is That his whole purpose for coming down from the heavens or magically appearing in his mama's womb or whatever, wherever the fuck he came from.


His whole purpose, And, his whole point was to show That man should not put their faith in man, basically. Right? Or am I wrong. Mm. That wasn't, That wasn't his purpose. AT all. So What was his purpose then? His purpose was to be down here And, to show what God looks Like in human form. you got all this going on in the World. What? Pureness. Look. Like. There you go. So basically you dad nailed to the cross Show, That. Hold. Hold. you should not put your faith in, man. you, hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. So you saying That, there's not a, we gotta answer That. you saying That? There's not another man Like That Though. Not another man. That That was perfect. That walked this earth. No sir. And And in other religions. Once again. Here we go.


And, other religions individuals who they have said, Hey, this person or this person, this is who started this religion? This who founded this religion. Guess what? Guess what? Ended up coming out a bunch of smut on their name. A bunch of Oh. This person Oh King James or King James was out here, da da da. Or this person or over this religion or this person who we, we all worshiping or whatever Oh this person had. How? How you think Malcolm X. Come on man. Y'all don't know these stories, man. Y'all don't know the story. Oh Oh. Y'all saw Malcolm X? Y'all read the book. Y'all. Y'all, y'all saw the movie? know Of Course know, we know That You know. So Know. So y'all, so y'all know it's Like. Oh. But with Jesus It hasn't been something to where it's Like. Dang.


Dang. They ain't found nothing on Jesus. It's going on 2000 And, 24 years. They ain't found That on Barack Obama. Man, you tripping. They gotta do It in I. Ain't even gonna say That Man. But I'm saying they aint found That on LeBron James. Some niggas just pure, still pure niggas. What's the difference? He's a role. These shows Watch this because that's a human version of being pure. That's the difference. Even though you right, ain't nothing big came out about, Okay. Wasn't Aren't you saying, aren't you saying Jesus is the same thing? Ain't no no, no. The Human version of being pure. Listen, Although, although dang found nothing on LeBron. If we ask LeBron right now, LeBron, have you ever committed a sin in your life?


LeBron would be the first one to tell you. 'cause he seemed Like a very humble, Like level-headed dude. LeBron would be the first one to tell you, man, are you serious? Heck know I committed boo. Who sins in my life. What you mean? Just 'cause I ain't have no big r Kelly scandal come out about me. Don't mean That. I'm perfect out there. Damn. you say you, there's a big difference between you saying Jesus didn't commit not one sin, Not one sin brother. Not one sin. So basically You're saying Jesus was perfect. Yes. I ain't never read That part I believe you though. So that's the whole, the Whole thing. That's the whole thing. Why It's Like, man Jesus. Not just Like one of us. That's the whole kicker. It is Like. It was only one of him. It was only one of him. That's the whole Kicker. So that's what made him believe. That.


She probably coulda had her. 'cause how he was, how He was, How he was is Like know. He she, she one. They probably were down her till they seen how he really was. There you go. And. Then when they see I Can go for That. Now I can go for That. But That does. That mean. That. I Can for Before this nigga grew up, And, they saw how he Was I can go for That. They didn't have doubts. Oh? No, no. I said they was probably doubting her until they seen Like. How he was Like. Nah, this nigga is this, he is different. He might did come from God. He just, that's what you saying. He just rose somebody from the dead. Lazarus was blind. He gave his man sight. This the miracle. This miracle they seen. He fed 5,000 people with a few loaves of bread. I just saw the bread. All the people out there, man, we just saw That bread.


It was a couple pieces. This man fed 5,000 people with this. They were seeing this And. They was Like Oh. He different. If we was doubting the whole, Mary had a a baby. And. She was a virgin. We ain't Oh, we ain't doubting him no more. But along with people becoming your fans, it's people becoming jealous of you too. So even his clique, his crew, he had one of the ones, That got jealous. Judas, he had 12 That. He used to roll with And. He had Judas. That was Like. Man, I ain't feeling It. Guess what? Judas sold Jesus out for 30 pieces of silver sound. Like. Nowadays, lot of people, Like man, know I'm rocking with my partner or whatever, but we ain't really as close as we used to be. We what? you willing to gimme How much, if I just get, drop the location on him or or da da da.


But we see It happen in the streets all the time. That's how Jesus got took out all of this stuff. When you think about It, it's Like. Dang. Dang. That's how That happened. And. It's super relatable. That's why God sent himself in human form in the form of his son. Because it's Like. I gotta make It relatable. So now when we see, man, you was rolling with homie, but then when homie get locked up, you act Like. you ain't rolling with him no more. And da da da man. That's lame dog. That's fake. We don't respect That. Now you can relate to man That stuff ain't new. That ain't some Atlanta Street Chronicles man. That happened to Jesus. And. It shows That. He wasn't Like nobody else because guess what?


He knew already. Man. I already know who gonna be the one to sell me out. He's gonna be Judas. But guess what he did AT the last supper. He still got up eating dinner with them for the last time. And was Like. Man. I wanna show y'all how much I love y'all got up, washed everybody's feet, bro. Washed everybody's feet while they was having the last supper. Just to show y'all That. Although I'm God And human for, that's how humble I am. 'cause that's how humble we called to be on this earth. I'm washing y'all feet. I'm breaking bread with y'all eating dinner. And. I'm knowing That, you about to sell me out. And you about to have these people come in here, And, pick me up. And arrest me. And torture me.


And eventually kill me. But I'm still gonna come. And give you a kiss. And let you know. you still my bro. Crazy man. Ain't nobody else Like That. So who, who told you all this? Like? Who? Who? Like. It's in the Bible. I'll give you the Bible app. If. you want Brother I? Just, No, I'm just saying Like know. It's in the Bible app. Who verified the Bible? It's in the Bible. Who? Who? Verified lived experiences. Man lived experiences. So, okay, living. Living enough life. And eventually having to make Up. It's the only book you ever read, huh? It's the only book you, you read books, right? Don't just say read books. Heck know. But don't those same books Like think And grow, read. Don't those feel just Like? How to Bible feels No a book.


None of 'em ever taught me how to have life eternally. They taught me how to get some worldly wealth. And some money while I'm down here. That's cool. We all got money. I'm just saying with It. It is Like the same type of feeling? Like knowledge, right? I think. I think it's a different high. It's a different type of high. It's something That weed can't do. It's something That money can't do. It's something That making love to somebody can't do. It is a different type of high. When it's Like, it's from the most high I. Think I. Don't know That. I. Just feel I. Just feel Like. I, I, Like. Like. When I, when I, when Like, don't get me wrong, when I go in church, And shit. I do feel the energy of God. you know what I'm saying?


Like, even if It could be Christian, It could be Like. I said It could be some shit. That. I don't understand. It can just be some foreign religion. Just whatever. I can feel God in the presence of when people are praising God. So that's why I don't I. Don't just box myself in And. Think Like. It's only one way to get to God if That makes sense. What I'm saying? It makes sense. Like, And. I ain't I. Ain't saying Like. Jesus not real. I ain't saying the Bible. The Bible not real. They count of what they did. Ain't real. I ain't saying That. What I'm saying is we can't say That. These people ain't getting to God the same exact way. Because they coulda had the same problem. Like. you saying Jesus perfect. It is one. It is just one.


It's just one. Just one. That's the part. I. Just don't believe. I believe Like, That. It is gonna be more gonna come. What I think It's more here. That. We just don't recognize these day we, we. That's perfect. Ridicule em, And, we. Huh? That's perfect. Or that's profit. What you mean? you think Not perfect? I don't, not perfect I don't, ain't seen nobody perfect. you say, you say Jesus was perfect. Okay, cool. know That could be the twist. Nobody, nobody said that's Ka in all these years. In 2000, 24 years, nobody said that's Ka. But shit, That's strong. That's strong. That's strong. That's Strong. 2000, 24 years Know. So, so what old boy just Juda just set him up. He ain't, he ain't, he wasn't hate. He ain't do nothing To Juda. AT all set him up. He, he ain't did nothing.


But continue to love Judas. Even after Judas set him up, continue to love him. Wash the man feet. you heard me Still love him. And then went And when they had You. I'm saying what? Why you, why Juda set him up just for the money. He ain't set him up. you for the Money. You know And. Jealousy. know jealousy. Oh, man, Like word Oh. Y'all rocking homie. Like That. Or it's all these big crowds everywhere we go. The same reason why groups break up. 'cause Oh, you get too much attention. I'm, I'm getting jealous. Same thing. Same type of thing. Boo And. Nowadays we just gotta, we gotta make sure That, we aren't, sometimes we turning things into Gods down here. We call 'em idols. We'll be so attached to things down here. That. They're idols. know I. Think the number one idol in the World is money.


know Like. Like people be so attached to money. And the love of money. That's why It says It in the Bible. know It. Don't say money is the root of all evil. It says the love of money know is the root of all evil. And that's strong right there. know because it's Like who don't wanna make money. Even God know. Like know. Make your money, get your bag. But when you love It, so I don't hear and hip hop and hip Real shit though. No, that's real right there. I don't hear people and hip hop brother talking about, man, I'm trying to get closer to God. I hear people say, I'm trying to get closer to a billion dollars or a million dollars. Mm. you hear That a lot more. and hip hop That lets us know That, we love money more than we love God. Oh. Nah, you ain't supposed to worship from nothing over God. you, you Ain't supposed to brother. You ain't supposed to. None.


None. you ain't supposed to put nothing. Like. I don't put nothing over over That, bro. 'cause You know I wouldn't be right here. But I do have questions about Like. There's just only one way to get to God. I don't believe That. Mm I don't. And can't, can't nothing in this World make me believe. That Like. This story could be true. But I just see too many different religions. I see too much. Too many different people are blessed. I feel Like. It's all on what you truly believe. How you truly believe what you believe. That's why you gonna always be blessed. 'cause it's faith. I feel Like, It based off your faith. If you, you could believe in God. This iPhone, this iPhone's gonna bless me.


God. Hey God, tell him God. And goddamn And And And. The way your faith. The faith you put in That phone. God come 'cause he I don't feel Like. He gave directions on how to get to him. It just inside you. Why watch this, watch this. It is us having to ta It is us needing to tap into the spirit within us more than the spirits that's out here in the World. Know When you tapping into That, And, I can tell, scream, be on That type of time. know Like Like. you. you, you tap into That. And you start to realize how truly powerful you are. But You know how to stand. And be brave. And how to kneel. And Be humble. 'cause you gotta be able to do both.


'cause AT, the end of the day, If, you get to That. Point to where you think That, you got as much power as God just because God created you. And, If you think That you are a God. Then It makes It to where you unable to kneel. And submit to God. Nah, hell nah. know I. Guess you took That out content. I'm saying my ain't hell. Nah. you can't even put yourself next to you. you Know what I was thinking of when I I was thinking of Kanye West when I said That. I wasn't referring to you. You You know. I'm thinking about this interview Kanye just did with big Boy a couple days ago. It came out Sunday. And, as I'm watching It, you know, a couple years ago Kanye was die hard. Christian Like super, you know, making gospel albums. And, all That stuff, right? And. Now, you know he back to he putting vultures out. He back to talking about different topics in his music.


And all That And just on, on a whole different type of energy. In the interview, I was Like. Ah, It makes sense now he, in the interview he said, I am God. He said, ain't no ain't no such thing as killing me. Like. I am God And. He was Like. When I prayed to God, he didn't answer my prayers. I prayed. Jesus ain't show up for me when I was going through this stuff the past few years with my family. So I got issues with Jesus. That's a sign of a man. That feels Like. God is here to serve him. Instead of him being put here to serve God. you act Like. God comes. You said what? What did you say? He Said, man, I got issues with Jesus. Because when I've been going through things for the past few years, Jesus ain't show up for me. When I prayed, I prayed, And, then what's up? Jesus of God.


He said, Jesus Oh. He said Jesus. So I'm just Like. That's a, that's a problem we don't realize That. We are here to serve him. And Jesus is a example for us to where it's Like. Okay? The goal is to be as much Like Jesus as possible. We'll never do It 'cause we'll never be perfect. That's the goal though, is to be as much Like him as possible. When I wear his bracelet, And stand for, what would Jesus do? I first started wearing It in high school. 'cause Allen Iverson used to wear him. you heard me? I'm a big basketball fan. I don't know If. you remember AI used to have two of them on I. I. Remember And, he used to have the elbow sleeve. And all That. So I was wearing them. 'cause I used to play point guard And. I was trying to be Like ai. Then I became a shooting guard. But after a while, I started being Like.


What would Jesus do? Wow. Okay. Huh? In any situation I'm in. you know how they got Like, man? I'm standing on business man, you supposed to act Like this. They got the G code. They got the street code. They got all these codes. Man, this my code. What would Jesus do in this situation when somebody does me wrong? Do I react the way Instagram telling me to react? When Rick Ross responds to me in a way, That, I'm Like brother. I was talking about a serious topic about your musical content. you responding in a way that's just belittling me. And disrespecting me. And trying to be funny. Do I go back AT him? Because it'd be very easy if I wanted to just make fun of him.


It would be very easy. There's a lot of things That you could talk about. But is That what Jesus would do? I don't think Jesus would do That. So hence I responded to Ross the way I responded. I don't know if any of y'all saw That video, but very widely spread video. Millions of views. But It was Like. It wasn't me trying to go tit for tat with him. you know, know That ain't because that's what David wanted to do. David wanted to be Like. Oh. Boy I'm we. I'm about to roast the heck out. you Like. you serious. Not you of all people. Come on. But some niggas be strategically Like, strategizing And shit. Like. you could sit in That line out there knowing That. Somebody gonna bite And. Then you come back with the humble way. Like. Niggas do That too. Now see, Ross could feel Like.


That's how you try him. Like, you did some shit depend on to bite the bait. And. Then you come back with the humble shit to make It seem Like. I went on That. But then, but then you look And And, everybody in the industry, they got a lot of people who know homie who know me as we can. People You know hit his line. Like. Nah, brother D one Hand on That for Real been Like That his hand on That for real. know I Like That his hand on That for real. If, you know what I mean? He ain't on what you thinking his his hand really on what he on know, which is know which is bro. This dude Ben about this walk. He just know he trying to make this World a better place. He's serving God. He owns some positive stuff. And. I'm just saying Like, how a nigga could take It. How could take It I agree. know when the first time you meet somebody is through Instagram And. you Like I ain't even familiar with this dude.


know I. Don't even know his face. And. Then you can instantly respond before you even get a chance to see, hey, who the nigga who did, who you instantly. Hey man, what the fuck you talking about? That's why I'm not, that's why I'm not mad, bro. Like, I'm not mad about That stuff. AT all you know Jim Jones another one. you know when Jim responded, Jim was very passionate, very emotional response, you know, emotionally charged. He went on sway in the morning. And responded. And, there's no part of me That harbors any negative feelings. I love That. Me, And Jim have text each other. And. That's cool. 'cause the culture need know that's family. The culture Oh for real. That's family. know the culture. Need to see Shannon Sharp And. Mike Epps in That picture together after they was AT each other.


Top on on Instagram. 'cause we so used to Oh, they beefed out. We know what's next. We waiting to see who, who beat who up or who Go worse. You know, we we waiting for That. And. It's just Like. It's different with this though 'cause they was AT each other. Talk about jokes. And some foolishness with me. And with with with different people. It was Like. It was in the name of Like. Man we trying to make this culture better for everybody. So It was just That. Y'all know nothing. Nothing going to change if we don't make our mind up. That, we have a problem with how certain things are going. So let's just acknowledge That. 'cause I've been doing a lot of these shows lately. And, a lot of the topics tend to be about D one.


Could you have approached this differently? And, how could you have approached this differently? And. AT. The end of the day. I. Be kind of wondering. Like. Yo, before we conclude, we need to acknowledge. Do y'all even feel Like? Anything should change because If, you don't, I'm not gonna knock you. I will still love you. Like e equally. But if y'all don't feel Like, anything should change. See I, don't think Joe button feels Like. Anything should change. Therefore he had Like this negativity towards me when he Like start bringing my name up on his show. That. I was Like. Oh I get It. you And I are fundamentally on different pages. you don't think anything should change inside of hip hop? I. Think That. There are multiple things That could improve about the state of our culture. you know, And, that's the thing.


That, we gotta all personally acknowledge AT a certain point. Do we think anything should change And? If we do, then how do we think we should go about That change? Or is It Like what my brother said earlier? Like man, I. Think some people just gone. They just lost And. That Know I think she things should change, but I done accepted. That It It probably won't know. That I things should change. It Order. Order happened when it's supposed to happen. Like, I can't make It happen today. know I can't know I wish know, but you I can't. But you Got God in you. Right? If you right? But That doesn't mean That. That doesn't mean That. Today I can go heal the hood. And make everybody be AT. Peace. I. Wish I knew how I sit. Still. Still, if What I'm doing don't do It. I can't. I can't.


If I can't control It today, know that's a massive know What I'm doing right? By being me, I can't do It. you know what I'm saying? Like. I. Go speak AT. Schools And stuff. I do all That. And, you know, I got a couple guys, That. I be on my phone. I, just tell 'em straight up what It is. This is what It is. These on Instagram. If I can't do It, I can't. To me, I can't force It. I'm gonna give It to who want It. I can't force It 'cause You know It forcing to get It, forcing to get you in a situation. And you trying to Help And you. you gonna give It to who wanted It And based on something in the Bible. you mind if I read something right? Quick And show. Go ahead. Alright, so there's a scripture from the Bible instead of us giving It to who wanted It brother, check this out.


So Jesus went out to the lake shore. Again, And, he taught the crowds. That were coming to him, right? He was out there teaching. As he walked along, he saw a dude named Levi. He was the son of faith, sitting AT, his tax collectors booth. He was a tax collector. Jesus told him, follow me. Be my disciple. Jesus said, And. Levi got up. And started following him. Later, Levi invited Jesus And his disciples to his crib as dinner guests along with many tax collectors, And, other sinners. There were many people, many sinners, And street people, Like this who followed Jesus. But when the teachers of the religious law, the religious people saw this, they saw Jesus eating with tax collectors, And sinners.


They asked, why is he eating with such scum? Why he eating with people? Like That, when Jesus overheard them talking, he told them, healthy people don't need a doctor. Sick people do I have come. Not to call those who already think they're righteous, but those who know That, they are sinners. So the people that's out here, that's Like, man. I'm, I'm effed up man. I'm, I'm already a street dude for life. I'm Like. This I done caught a body already. I'm I dropped outta high school. Da da da. Jesus is Like you. Exactly what I'm looking for you. Exactly who I'm trying to be cool with you. I'm trying to build with you. 'cause I'm trying to get you to see That. There's nothing That you could do.


That would disqualify you from the love of God. So with That being said, the philosophy of, I'm gonna give It to who want It, Like, That goes against what Jesus said. Of course that's easy. Give It to the people who want It, but the people who need It, who you were blessed to be skilled enough to reach them. 99% of the World can't reach them, but you could because of the unique gifts. And life stories. That, you got, man, you gotta do That. Even if they don't want It, they need It. And. That's what I'm going bro Know, but I ain't gonna force It on them. I'm gonna do It right here. Like bro. Bring you on. Bring people on. So if people want to get It, get It right here. I ain't finna be out trying to do all That. Like just forcing It.


You know. It You know. you can't You know 'cause It don't It. It It never go. Same with me. I mean. If I wanted to And, I could go to QE in Atlanta. I could go to QC Studios right now And, just wait for whichever artist pull up first. And be Like be. I'm about to just minister to this person right now. Hey brother, you can do better man. What? you about to go in there And rap about? Lemme see you a rap. know That ain't It know that's what I'm saying. Like, you can't do That, bro. If, you can't do That. And. That's why I don't do That. Know How I do That You Know Like put It out through you Like because you pushing out some deep shit. And, Like, I. Don't disagree with none of the shit you saying 'cause it's your perspective. I'm just trying to get you to see Like a different perspective. Know And, you know It, And, And I.


Appreciate It. I. I I. Appreciate It I. Think That. These are the type of convos people. Lives gonna be changed off of this convo. I've never said That in the interview before. I done cried in interviews. I done revealed real personal stuff before I done been Like, I said Breakfast Club That was on my mouth. Rushmore, you heard me Breakfast Club Like for me from 10 years ago. I was on the BE T site for 10 years ago. And Charlemagne tweeted, man, this dude D one Spit. you heard me in 2014. I was Like Oh. I'll be on Reakfast Club in the next couple of months. It took 10 years. Mm. I finally went on there two weeks ago. When I'm on there, I'm Like man. This right here. This is everything. And. What God told me was DEE. This is a blessing.


And. I'm glad you feel good right now, but there's more work to be done. So don't feel Like Oh. you made It now because you, you reached what was AT the top of your mountain in terms of That 'cause although people got blessed by The, Breakfast, Club, interview You. know people been blessed by It. This interview right here, I could feel It, bro. Just what we talking about And, the perspectives we got. know people gonna be blessed by this 'cause AT, the end of the day, I'm walking out here feeling Like. Look, I done Met Scream years ago. you know we, my man DJ Hec real cool with you. We meet each other. And. We seen each other in the streets before this. We definitely gonna dab off his love I. See Baby James, you know AT, my man Mr Jay Hill's podcast know. Matter of fact, when you came to be on That, we see each other AT, the YouTube event down here. know It is love.


We gonna hug. you know what I'm saying? We exchange It folk. Right? But that's probably It I. See you, man. you know what I mean? We, same thing bro. It. It is love. We know some of the same people, right? But after this, bro, when I see y'all, Oh It is, It is an extra tight hug. know It is, look, make sure y'all got my number. 'cause if y'all need something, hit my line. And, I'm gonna tap in with y'all. And applaud y'all. When I, see boy, That was hard. The interview you did. That's fire I Like That. Mix tape. you know what I'm saying? That business move It feel Like. A different connection. Now, all 'cause of some communication. Mm. That's the power of communication, man. I, respect That. So hopefully the culture could see That And. Not hopefully a lot of people gonna see That, but sometimes they could be seeing something And be Like.


This moving me. But I don't even know what It is. I'm telling y'all what It is. This is the power of communicating with people who, y'all might have different viewpoints, but y'all can all learn from each other. And. Y'all all looking to grow. Hopefully you gotta have these type of moments. If. you just say I ain't know what he on I ain't know what she on. Forget them And. Then close your mind. If. you can't close your mind. Shit that's It because everybody got valid points, And, aha moments, you know what I'm saying? From they own perspective know You. know what I'm saying? Them facts, Bro. This, this, this, this. Been a blessing, man. And I ain't trying to cut It yet. We can go 10 more hours if y'all want to, but I'm just saying right now, Like, I'm just feeling Like. you know when I play sports, Like It reaches a point to where when That clock hits zero, you be Like.


we I gave It all I had. So win, lose, or draw That was everything I had in me. And, I'm AT peace because of That. Mm. That's how I feel right now in this interview. But more importantly, that's how I want us to all feel. AT the end of this life, bro. For Sure. And. That's how I want us to all feel, bro. Like, this is how we do It, man. This, this is beautiful Diwan, we appreciate you my brother. know officially the longest Big Facts conversation. Ever know three plus, three plus hours real? Yes sir. Didn't even feel Like It, right? Didn't feel Like It. We definitely gonna do something again for sure. I. Think we all did That for sure. Y'all tap in with D one And, this movement, everything he got going on. Check us out too. WW dot Big Facts pod.com.


The Big Facts network Like, subscribe, share, comment, SLU salute right Now. Visit the new website today. Big Facts paw.com


Need to shake up your routine. Gordon Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying crunch That side of the freezer aisle snack on the golden crunch of their popcorn. Butterfly And southern style shrimp, or turn to their beer battered filets. And classic fish sticks for an easy protein ad to your favorite weeknight dinner. When It comes to easy restaurant quality flavor in your own home, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gordon's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gordon's dot com to learn more


Cbs. This Friday TV's hottest show is Back Fire Country returns with a new season where Max Harriet Stars is Bodie Donovan now stepping into a whole new World outside of prison. The challenges are more dangerous. And, the stakes have never been higher. Battling fierce fires And his own personal demons, Bodie's still fighting his journey towards redemption. Get Ready for explosive action, shocking twists, And intense small town drama. Don't miss an all new fire country CBS this Friday. And streaming on Paramount plus part of CBS Premier Week.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour Comfort And, a non-drying matte finish. Spike Valentino is That girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs And. Can you hear That magnetic click. Discover the 12 Shades And Vibrant News. And pops of color from Couture in the streets to his Valentino baby.


Hey, it's Erin Andrews from Calm Down with Erin And Karissa. So we often think of facials as a luxury, but what if they're a necessity for healthy skin? That's why we love Hand And Stone Massage, And Facial Spa, the number one facial provider in the World. They also offer a range of massage therapies for relaxation, And tension relief from hot stone to deep tissue treatments, ensuring overall wellbeing. we just Like skincare routines. A massage isn't one size fits all. That's what I got when I went in for a massage. AT hand And Stone, a unique experience tailored perfectly to exactly what I need, especially during my crazy travel schedule during football season. So book your introductory facial today, AT hand And stone.com. All you gotta do is use code. Calm down AT checkout on hand, And stone.com or in the spa before the end of the year, 12 31 20 24.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way It looks. It looks almost Like a earring, you know, so I feel Like It could go with anything. My style is very fun, I feel Like I, always look Like. I'm on holiday. I just really Like playing around with It And tying It to the music. So know I, really feel Like. The music I'm making right now feels Like a holiday. So I wanna look Like It too. Check out bose.com for more.