
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like get it through self checkout by yourself. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is breaking something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att dot cov slash guarantee for details.


AfroTech conferences back, bringing together over 20,000 tech enthusiasts, founders, investors, and more for another unforgettable year. For years, AfroTech has been the go-to event for black innovators in tech with the brightest mind share the latest developments and insights. And this year we're bringing the experience to Houston, Texas from November 13th through the 16th. Join us to learn from the innovators and leaders who are shaping the future of tech. From insightful panels to curated meetups and expansive recruiting, you'll connect with industry trailblazers. In addition to focusing on the latest in AI and data, this year's programming explores the intersections of tech with health, environment, and creative design. Don't miss your chance to be part of it. Secure your spot at AfroTech Conference 2024 today. Visit AfroTech conference.com to buy your ticket.


Now I'm Will Lucas. And this is Black Tech, Green Money. Nicky Saunders is the powerhouse in The World of content, strategy and personal branding. She's the content strategist and founder of Deeper than the Brand, where she helps entrepreneurs, speakers, and creatives grow their digital footprint authentically. She's best known for her work with motivational speaker Eric Thomas, better known as ET, where she helped scale his online community exponentially. She's passionate about helping others turn their social media presence into a vehicle for success using the power of storytelling. Ai, an impactful strategy. So what goes wrong when I believe I have a post that's fire And I post it and it goes flat and nothing happens.


Nobody likes it. Like, what, what's, what happens? Nikki, tell, help me out. Emini here. It could be a few things like that. That's, that's such a broad question. Like it could be the timing, it could be anything from you didn't have the right hook. Yeah. It could be the algorithm. There's a lot of things like it's, it I always look at when I post and it goes flat, I I look at me first. Yeah. Right. I think it's easier to control what I post and what I put out and what I create instead of going, ah, the algorithm is doing woo, what it does.


So I was like, because I can't, I, I feel like that's a cop out when other people numbers are clearly are doing okay, I'm just feeling a certain kind of way. 'cause no one's listening to me at this moment. But then I ha like, I look at it from a standpoint of, all right, visually, how's it look? You know, what was the first three seconds? Did I, did I keep their attention? Because depending on the platforms, if you get them to listen through the whole way through, like that could be a thing. So it's, it's, it's just, it's a lot of things. It's a lot of things Are, are pictures on Instagram dead?


No, no. Pictures are not dead. It's just, you feel me? Like you gotta put an extra love in it. So you may have to put like some music, you feel me? You may have to make it into a carousel. So you may have to say extra stories. You may have to be a little bit more intentional with the captions and make it a little bit longer. What happens is, what the days of I post a picture And I say one sentence, now that's dead. That's just stop it. That's doesn't even work. But the, the more that they add features, we have to pay attention to it. So they're allowing you to add text to it. They're allowing you to add extra pictures on top of your pictures.


So you look at, let's say, the different features that are inside of Instagram and you use them, it probably better your reach for, for your post. And so what I learned, and this is a, a year ago or more, what Instagram does is they count swipes through your photo gallery as engagement. Yeah. And so what I, I wonder 'cause I actually enjoy these particular types of posts where there's, it is a gallery and like none of the photos match. Like they're just, you know, maybe one is a quote, another one is me eating. The next one is, you know, something random. I actually enjoy those. So tell like, what is that about? Like what, why are people doing that? I enjoy it, but where'd it come from?


Like, what happening? Right. So sometimes they follow a theme, right? Sometimes they could be super just randomness, but it really gives you a sense of personality of the person who's posting it or the brand who's, who's posting it. Yeah. That makes sense. And so that's not necessarily normal in the way that we normally post that. Now it's starting to be attractive. So when we're seeing, okay, I I, I have a picture of me at the park, but then I have a funny meme on the next one and then I have a deep quote. It's like I'm fully, truly understanding who you are Yeah.


As a person rather than the 32nd, 62nd videos, 92nd videos that can be kind of like staged and scripted. So sometimes we don't necessarily get your full personality unless it's those types of posts or even lives li that's why lives still kind of have a little bit of like energy to it because we get to know who you are. 'cause you can't really lie on a live, it's just impossible. Yeah. It's truly Impossible. So I, I'm gonna ask a question. I'm gonna go the long way around to ask this question. 'cause go. I, I think this is important context. So we talk a lot about how educational, you know, institutions don't teach financial literacy and a lot of them do.


Now they're increasingly teaching financial literacy. And I say that to say this, when we, we talk about entrepreneurs and people who are trying to build businesses don't post the struggle, but they post the highlight. So you only see the highlight reel. And, but when you do post the struggle or pe we find it difficult to post a struggle. I'll say that. So how do we solve for that? So when we talk about the academic and they trying to fix that, how do we fix, you know, the entrepreneur who's trying to show you that he's winning or she's winning and they're finding success, and therefore follow me. I'm, I'm on a road somewhere, but that struggle. Like, I don't want to sound like I'm on here doing the Tyrese cry.


You know what, Emini here. Right? But the Tyrese cry worked good or bad. It worked. You feel me? Yeah. So, but, but I say that because I think now in the season that we're in, the day in the life is starting to get more play, then I fully got it together, right? And those people who are actually taking advantage of, of that is like Gen Z and Gen A like alpha. Like they're, they're really going into day one of trying to create a billion dollar brand, right? And they show everything about it, good or bad.


The those people who can't do that, it's a self issue. It has nothing to do with the algorithms, the platforms does the content work or not? Because society, culture is, is over the highlight reels. We want the actual things that work or that doesn't work, or I wanna feel like I'm not alone anymore. Right? And so those people who are showing, Hey, this is how I do this. I don't know if it's right. I don't know if it's like, but I'm going to do it anyways. It builds community. And so those brands are starting to get more and more traction because it's community centered.


It's, it's, it's for the people, whereas yes, the ones that only show the highlights are great. Cool. You could look at it more like as these are goals, I want to get there, but I feel disconnected 'cause you're already there and I'm not. So I could look at you kind of like, I, I look at it more of like, we do the vision boards. Yeah. So yeah, I could, I could post your brand, your content on my vision board, but I don't, like, I don't truly feel connected until I am there where people who are posting about, okay, I made $10 today.


Okay, I made $3,000 today. Okay. It went back to like four. Like, those are starting to get a little bit more attraction. It's still not of the masses just yet, but you start, if you pay attention, it's, it's, it's definitely more popular on TikTok at this moment. But it's starting to make waves on YouTube, on Instagram, on Facebook as well, because people are just starting to like, are just over the highlight reel. Yeah. I I like that. So I asked Marty Wooder the same question, and I'm gonna ask it to you too. Like, you know, I live in Toledo, Ohio. I live in a place that's not like LA and New York or Chicago where there's always like beautiful stuff to pose.


And my life is amazing. I'm walking in this place and I'm walking in that place and got the little furry dog. And life is wonderful and beautiful. TikTok beautiful. But like, yeah. And most of the people who listen to this podcast are not in la, New York, Chicago, et cetera. Right? So how do you, how do you develop that day in the life content when your life doesn't feel like that kind of exciting? You just document what you do. So, meaning I'm an introvert, so nine outta 10 times I'm in this area, I'm in front of computer screens and that's it. The crazy thing is I think my life is boring, but other people don't. Right? Your life sounds Like my life.


So I'm sitting right here eight hours a day In front of majority of your time. Yeah, yeah. But you are doing things that people wish they could, like, you feel what I'm saying? So creating a podcast, creating any type of content, people are like, yo, show me how. Right? Or how do I create it? How do I have interviews like you, how do I ask how do you prepare how, like we take for granted what we do every single day because we do it every day and it's super easy. But if we was to start documenting it and showing that simple, simple format, do it on stories.


See how it does, right? Because we, we as humans need to build momentum. I need to know this works before I really put all my energy to it. Right? And so put in story c like day in the life. Okay, boom, I'm walking my dog. Okay, maybe that doesn't get that much views, but okay, I'm about to bullet journal and, and write out all my tasks and how I'm feeling. And they're like, oh, you have a routine? Mm. I'm like, yeah, right. Okay. Yeah. Like, okay. I went, I went to the sauna and cold plunge. You do that. I was like, yo, I talk about content and AI all the time. Y'all concerned about when I go to the sauna and cold plunge?


That's crazy. Yeah. So it's, it's interesting to see that what we think is not important, like it really is important to people because there's a sense of your expertise and who you are. And so you can show one only and then people feel disconnected. So if you show both, yo, I'm on the, I'm on the, the journey of making my company over six figures. Right? But in the meantime, I gotta call my mom. Yeah, right? Make sure she's good. I gotta go and Instacart messed up.


So I gotta go to, to the joint over there and make yourself normal. This is where storytelling comes in. And storytelling is the key part of any brand. We've, if we pay attention to anything right now, the ones that are killing it know how to tell stories. This is why Nike's been what they have because they know how to tell stories. They're not selling shoes. They, they sell stories. Apple sell stories. And so we look at the best and be like, okay, how do I turn a problem into a story, a relatable story? And so my boring life is going to be turning into a story that can relate to somebody who lives in Oklahoma.


Yeah. Right? Yeah. Chilling in the crib, who may only have a, a one bedroom at the time, but can see like, yo, it's not about the space, it's about the story that you tell. So you caught a break working with Eric Thomas, legendary et where, when you started working with him, what were the, what were those numbers? Like 300 K at the time? That's Instagram, YouTube, where, what was that? Yeah, Instagram. Facebook was about 200 and something. YouTube, I don't, nowhere near a million at the time.


But yeah, those, those were what I was working with. And, and when you, I don, did you stop working or when, where, where did we go? How did Nikki grow this? Where did, oh, We, we still working with EII love e I'm not going nowhere. I'm, I'm one of those loyal people. Like I have my own stuff, but I'm, he's, he's family. I'm always going, gonna make sure that he's good. And Where are we at now? Numbers. That's why we're still rocking. Where are we at now? In numbers Over 2000002.2 on Instagram, about to hit 1.5 on YouTube. And we at 1.9 Facebook be acting crazy. We're literally at 2 million with, with Facebook, but like 1.9 mil right now.


Yeah. This, this is what's so interesting to me because, you know, he, he's obviously, he's he's dynamic obviously. Yeah. But there's a lot of dynamic people. Like, what happened? How did that happen? To triple, quadruple these numbers.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night football and Prime video, and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play, and a panoramic moon roof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would and someone making another pot of coffee in the break room at the drink of the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, add to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and restrictions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


So I concentrated more on what people wanted than necessarily what the algorithm wanted or even what he wanted. So if people are looking for bars from him, I'm going, I'm going to do that. The, the, the easiest way that we made from like where he was to the first million was I figured out the best quotes, the best bars that everybody was loving, And I posted those things. So anytime that he had a speech, anytime he had an event, I would post exactly what the audience want, read the comments and go, okay, somebody's feeling this way, let's find a message based off how they're feeling, right?


And really went through the feedback based off the people, what the people wanted. Because if you cater to what your audience wants, they're going to share it. I'm not, I'm not here to fight that. I'm not gonna be like, no, we're only gonna be posting about whatever we're selling, whatever we're doing. The no, these platforms are for brand awareness. So I'm going to always do different clips based off what people said. If there is a sports event that just happened, then you're going to see some images of that with E's voice on it that makes it more relevant. So fi figuring out the trends if whether there's a, a sports event, whether there's something political, whatever, whatever people are talking about that can be related to what he's saying, put it together.


So between that and trends, it, it, it grows, but I concentrated more on the content, the body of that instead of just the tips and tricks of the platforms. So were you anti or for repurposing the same content across different platforms? Or does your Instagram content need to be developed for Instagram? In the beginning it was a little bit separate, right? Because if we think about maybe just a couple of years ago there was different languages, but because of the rise of short form videos, it's almost the same, right?


Because you got reels on Instagram and Facebook. Yeah, yeah. You got tiktoks, you got YouTube shorts, YouTube shorts just made an announcement saying that they could go up to three minute videos starting oc in somewhere in October, right? So it's going to be the same. It's about how can you tell the story, right? So in the beginning, yes, one was only taking long form videos, the other one was only taking texts and pictures. The other one was only taking 32nd videos. So in the beginning, understanding the platforms, you have to do a different strategy. Now it's starting to be repurposing it in a strategic way, right?


But even that, like, how do you address each audience of the platform? So for example, if I was saying the announcement of the YouTube shorts, making it up to three minutes, I would do a green screen on TikTok saying a YouTube shorts are about to be three minutes. You could take your tiktoks that are over a minute and put it on YouTube shorts. If I was saying it on, on Instagram, a your, your videos that you do on Instagram reels, you could put it on YouTube. Now I'm catering to each of the audiences. So we would change the captions, we would change the formats at certain points of whatever the energy was going to be on that platform.


But for the most part, it was just like strategic repurposing. Like his whole, his whole content is repurposed content. There's, there's weekly new stuff, but majority of it that you see where in any major brands, it's all repurpose content. You know, timing matters so much in social media. And I wonder like, so like when I got, you know, involved with AfroTech, I went to my first AfroTech conference back in 2017, And I was like the only person back then vlogging every day. I was walking around the whole conference like this, come on, vlogging all day long editing that night in the, in my hotel room publishing that night Friday.


Like, like, who is this guy? And I did that every day at that conference. So that's, that's how I got on the radar of a lot of the executives. And so I, so my question is this like how timing matters. Like now you go to AfroTech, everybody's doing that. When I was, when I did, yeah. In 2017, it was like one of maybe two people. And so if I want to jump off the bridge on YouTube, I, so there was a day where people would Just say, you know, I'm gonna do 30 days straight of YouTube content. I remember like Shameless Maya did this some years ago. It might've even been a year. Yeah. But Sean, I think for sure did it every day for a month and yeah, she blew up. Does that still work today? So if I say, you know, I wanna pop on YouTube, I'm gonna go hard, I'm gonna do 30 days I'm in, and hopefully by the end of that 30 days I'm up, I got my YouTube plaque coming.


Yeah, it's up. So I wanna say you probably get a YouTube plaque guarantee, right? But I will say it does, it does work for a few reasons. One, most people who do that weren't consistent on it anyways. So now you're building consistency. Any platform respects consistency. And once they start seeing you post more and more, they're like, hold on, let me lemme push you out because you're here every single day now. Hello, I kind of like you now before I wasn't taking you serious, but now I kind of like you, so let me post it. Two, as a, as a creator, you get better, right?


You, your day one to your day 25 is going to be completely different. So you're going to now start having data of what works and what doesn't. And you're going, hopefully, hopefully you're going to change up some of your content based off, okay, this got seven views, this one got 5,000 views. Hold on, what did I do? Let's do this over. Right? So between the platform taking you serious and then you figuring out e exactly what your, your audience and the platform wants, on top of that, you're building a community because people love journeys.


I, they're either A, trying to champion you, B, trying to see if you going to finish or not, but they gonna watch you. They gonna watch you regardless. And so they're, you're like, yo, this is day 17 And I feel like quitting, right? But I'm gonna post it. It is only probably gonna be two minute long vlog today. But a we here, people are gonna watch, okay, yo, is he going, is he gonna make it to the 30? Oh, we're 18, we're 19. Oh, okay, cool. And then also you're giving inspiration for other people to be like, oh, they did that. I could do this too.


Right? And so the community, if, if anything, if you don't get your plaque, you get a community that the second that these 30 days finish, you could probably drop some merch. You could probably do a paid community, you could probably do an event and they're going to be like, I I'm invested. Yeah. Like, I wanna be a part of whatever else you're doing. So there's a lot of benefits of doing that if you are open to the totality of doing things on a, like a challenge based vibe. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. I like that a lot. You know, I was reading an interview you did some time ago and you said that your goal was to help people feel comfortable telling their stories in a way that feels true to them.


Yeah. There's a lot of vulnerability that comes with being truly authentic online. We talked about, you know, if I'm failing right now, there's this meme, you know, you talk about the day in the life of an entrepreneur, like, I'm killing it. It's killing me. You know, I'm doing it like I'm done. Like, you know what, Emini here. And so like, there's real vulnerability with being authentic. How Yeah. Do people get over that and share themselves publicly in a and when I gotta go look these people in the face now. Yeah, it it's setting boundaries, right? It, you don't have to, social media is not a reality TV show if you don't want it to be right, you can do, like for me, you're probably not going to see much of my mom.


Much of my grandma doesn't mean I don't love them. It's just a boundary that I have. You may not always see 24 7 of my relationship, it's a boundary that I have. But you may hear in certain seasons that I, I suffer through depression, right? I'm not gonna say that every single day, but there's certain seasons, especially if I know it's kind of heavy in the creative burnout kind of season that I may talk about that, right? There's certain, I, I kind of do a list of what I'm able to talk about and what I'm is a non-negotiable in this season. And then what I may say, depending on how I feel, how the audience needs it, and it may stretch me, but I'm, I'm, I'll be open to it to talk about it, right?


And that changes with every single season. Like some people are like, my kids are like non-negotiable. I'm not putting out my kids at all. And then they become 15 years old and they became champion of something and they wanna just show them to Just say, Hey, I love my baby. Yeah, yeah. Right? Like, I don't really show, show him, but I love my baby, right? Yeah. It, it's gonna change. But you as a creator, you as a business owner, turn creator too. Gotta go. Okay. Yes. The main part is the brand awareness. The main part is the expertise, experiences, all that great stuff.


But I'm open to this and I'll say it here and there, or I'll show it here and there because you are going to receive energy of, man, I didn't know that about you. That's so amazing. Yo, I rock with you even more like reme. And sometimes it won't be in the comments, it will be like when you meet a person, yo, I loved when you said this. You're like, you watched that, you didn't comment, you didn't like, I didn't even know you followed. Like, what are you talking about? Nah, that really hit home to me. Boom, boom, boom. Like, you don't know the impact that you truly have and as long as you feel comfortable showing it, talking about it, do it.


But if you don't feel comfortable at all, do not stress yourself out because that's just not authentic to you. And so you're gonna be inconsistent with it.


Peace of the planet, Charlamagne, tha God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stretch free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play, and a panoramic moon roof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Jive? The all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


What is some general and specific things? When you go to an entrepreneur, you go to they page on TikTok, they Instagram Yeah. You like, you should stop doing that. Like that's why that's, that's killing your success. That's limiting your opportunities. Stop doing that. What, what do we do? The, the, there's, there's a few things and it's a, it's a preference, right? My thing is, I'm never gonna tell you not to do something unless data shares that you shouldn't, right? Because I may not be your audience regardless if I'm auditing it, I'm looking at it as a friend, whatever, I may not be your audience, but if your data shows that this is low numbers, every single solitary time fam, you may have to, like, I, I know we don't wanna quit and, but this one you may have to like put on the bench for a little bit.


Like focus on what does numbers right? And so it's just a, it's a true sit down every single month. A I've put out between 30 to 10 pieces of content today, depending how consistent you are, right? This month I put out that amount, which ones were the highest, which one were the lowest? What are my average numbers, right? My lowest pieces of content. I really need to sit down and be like, is it time to, to cut that out? Or do we go one more month? If we're in two months and we're not doing no numbers, chill out. Let let it go. Maybe try it in another season.


I'm not saying let the the idea go, but let's try it a different season. Or let's try to create it in a different way, in a different environment, in different kind of content formats. Maybe that, that doesn't need to be a video. Maybe that needs to be an article. Maybe that needs to be a a, a long thread, right? Maybe that needs to be pictures, but it, it goes, data should run the way you move certain things when it comes to should I create this type of content or not? Does production quality matter anymore? No, no, no. We've seen too many videos go viral that was on a bad Android.


Sorry, Andrea, I love you. But it, it, it doesn't really matter. It goes like, like I have these three stages of, of content creation. There's consistency, quality and connection. Yeah. Right? So consistency means the most. And, and though may people are just so bored of hearing of that you're bored, but you haven't done it. So I don't, I'm, I don't know what I'm going to continue to tell you, right? So consistency is like, and that doesn't mean every single day, just the timeframe that you committed to. So if you're saying, yo, I'm gonna show up Monday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and all you have is your phone, okay?


Do that, right? Because your audience is going to care more about the presence than the quality. Now the quality does matter when you're trying to be taken a little bit more serious, right? So, but I will still grab my phone and do a green screen because I connect with the people more. You don't wanna be too, too high highly produced because then you lose connection with the community. You seem too big time, right? And you don't wanna just do lower quality all the time because then it's like, ah, you haven't really grown. Right? If we look at Keith Lee, Keith Lee will forever do the, the, the phone videos.


He's taking a little bit serious because other content that he's, he's collabed with has the highly produced content, right? He's doing series, he's doing shows, he's doing commercials and all these different things. So there's still a level of high production, but still let me keep to the core of how I grew my audience to over millions of followers, right? So Keith Lee is a perfect example of how production isn't necessarily needed. It's great for balance, but it's not needed to really have the brand that you want. How do we turn people? Let's say I've got 10, 20, 30,000 followers.


They seem to be relatively engaged. How do we turn them into customers? So do we know what they really, what their pain points are, right? So this is where we stop concentrating on what creates the views. And we have to concentrate on what creates the engagement and the conversions, right? So I'm going to be, if I, if I have a product, clearly I have a solution to their problem. So I'm going to start talking about their pain points in some way, shape, or form. Pain points can go from motivation, education, entertainment, like it is not just an educational vibe, right?


But if you are drowsy And I have an energy drink, right? I'm going to put up different scenarios for my night owls that is going to be like, you're in front of the computer dying, but you still have to finish this one project. You may pop out the energy drink and they're like, yo, what's that? All right. What flavors do you need at three o'clock in the morning? Oh, right now you're, you're creating conversation in a real life scenario. So what are their pain points and how, and what is the content that you're creating to show that one, this is them.


And two, what is the solution? When they see the solution, this is where they go, Hmm, I may need that, but are you making them aware that they even have a problem? Right? So that example that I showed that's going to connect with night owls and they're like, yo, I know I felt this way at one o'clock, two o'clock in the morning And I still needed just this one little pep and it could be an energy drink that only gives me that extra hour of boost. I don't need seven hours, I just need that one extra hour of boost. Boom, I'm go get that one. Right? Yeah. So you show different scenarios of where your audiences, it can be.


That's what turns into, into dollars. That's what showing other people user generated content is another great, great way. Other people using your product, other people using your services. Because we don't necessarily always wanna be the first ones to buy. We wanna always be like, oh, okay, all these people are doing this. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, hold on. This may, this may be the thing I need to do. Hold on, let me show. So user generated content showing just content of other people using it is gonna be fire testimonials is fire. But finding it in a creative way stop.


I don't know who needs to hear this. Stop posting flyers sucks. No one engages with it. There you go. They're horrible, right? Yeah. Leave that for emails. Emails are fine. Boom. Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, LinkedIn, not so much. Leave it alone. It's old. So yeah, those are, those are different ways. You made a goal of hitting 10,000 subscribers on YouTube by the end of September and you did it much earlier. Yes. Congratulations. Thank you. What, what'd you learn about that experience? Like, 'cause the YouTube algorithm seems to be the most challenging for many creators. Yes. How, what did you learn about humbling?


How, how that worked? What, how did you make your habit? It very humbling. So there was a few things that made it not as stressful, right? A combination of a weekly post with a weekly live reason why is because one, one of them is going to get out more to the masses, which is your weekly post, right? As long as you're consistent, once, once a week, you should be good, right? And then the live is going to talk more on the trending topics, but as well as build that community centered brand, right?


As well as keep up your watch hours. Everybody knows, especially if you're going into the monetizing side of YouTube, you need those 4,000 watch hours to monetize. Now you do five minute videos, 20 minute videos once a week, it's gonna be a little bit slow. Yeah. Right? Yeah. So the, the lives help bring awareness and watch hours to your, to your videos. Plus it gives you more content to then chop up for shorts or another post on, on YouTube, right? But I think the biggest, the biggest thing that I concentrated on, on this 10 k journey was the thumbnails and the titles.


I promise you every YouTuber understands the pain about that because if they don't click, it means nothing. I don't care how great your content is, if they do not click, and the only way they're gonna click is if your thumbnail catches attention and your title gives them that decision that this is for me, right? So it was testing out different colors, it was testing out, okay, I'm only gonna have two things on my thumbnails and not 17 different things. I'm going to have sometimes words, sometimes I'm not gonna have words as, and the biggest thing that helped with that was the AB testing that YouTube enabled on everybody's account, right?


So when you have, when you have a video, always have two to three thumbnails for that one video. Why? Because even though we may like a thumbnail, it's us liking it. We don't know what the mass is like. So YouTube allows you to test out up to three thumbnails and it goes every single day. Like, okay, does, does the people like this one does the people like this one? And it'll show you the percentage of what worked and what doesn't. And it goes based off, you know, watch time. Yeah. Right? So even though I like this thumbnail, this one got me 3000 more views, I'm going with that one.


I don't care if I like it or not, I'm going with that one, right? I wish they did the same thing with titles. But the once you understand that formula with, with titles and thumbnails and really being intentional with testing those things out instead of just, okay, I'm gonna make the best videos ever. Great. That is important on the second stage because now you have to improve on your average view duration and your retention. That's important. But that thumbnail and title to grab their attention when they open up YouTube, get in the door. That's super, super important.


So I put a lot of concentration on my thumbnails and I'll tell, I'll tell I use Fiverr. This is, this is not, I have my own graphic designer who's testing it out. Some of the top YouTubers will be like, I test out a hundred thumbnails every video. I'm not there yet. Yeah, I'm not there yet. I got, I got a, I got a thumbnail person from Fiverr. Yeah, yeah. He gives me about two thumbnails a video. I'm great. I'm, I'm absolutely fine. Now when my, when the money comes back up, we may get a in desi in graphic designer who just does thumbnails. We may do that right now.


Now lemme get to about 20 k You Emini here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we're good. So you don't think like, can Canva templates just that's not what it is. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Listen, the more that I can get off of my hands, just so I can think of ideas and create, I'm good with, I'm not a graphic designer, right? But I do, I know my audience is solopreneurs and solo creators, so I will provide the, the templates and everything like that. But I will strongly suggest, please set 10 to $20 aside. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and give that to Fiverr. If you are serious about growing on YouTube, please invest in that like that because your time is worth way more.


And you, the more that you, I'm, I went through a big creator burnout. So anything that could help you from not getting creative burnout, I'm gonna tell you, Hey, get, get rid of the thumb. You no, you, you have no business. Yeah. Doing thumbnails. No, no business. You, you talk about teeth. There's Nothing about you that is the graphic designer. Continue to talk about teeth. That's It. That's a fact. That's funny. That's what, so yesterday you were online, you talking about the importance of learning and in growing in public. And I, I love that. And say, say more about that just in general talk, talk more about that.


So it goes, it goes back to what we were talking about earlier about like documenting in, in public, right? I'm, I'm noticing that more and more people are starting brands from scratch and being like, you know what, bump it. I'm going to do it in public. Now some people have started with zero followers doing it right? And some people have done it with a little bit of followers or a lot of followers. A a good example, like Mr. Grateful love him. Hello. If you don't know, he hasn't been on Instagram for a little bit, but he was the guy that said, Hey, chat, GPT came out, I'm going to try to get 30 K followers only listening to chat GPT.


And he got way more followers and his post went viral because people are like, oh wait, you're, you're really using this tool that we don't know is going to work or not, and you're actually using it. Girl, let's do it. Right? For me, I'm, I'm realizing this new chat, EPT voice thing one is hilarious. Two is just way more detailed based instead of, especially for those people who don't like to type a lot. Like I, I could just have a conversation. So the, the research that I'm doing, I'm like, okay, you know what? Let's, let's do this in public. Let's figure out this new voice feature in public.


Let's figure out this new hat line, whatever we're trying to do in public, because one, it could work and it can be successful. Or two, it could show what not to do. And that can still be successful because people are still going to be impacted either way. That's, that's my whole thing. Like building in public creates impact. Building in public also creates supporters, good or bad. So with those benefits, why wouldn't you create in public? Because having it all together is great.


Cool. I feel like it costs more money if you don't do it. I could grab my phone and be like, all right, I don't really feel like doing anything with my business today. You know what? Emini here, like, chat, GBT told me some Bs that I'm not doing. Yeah. And somebody's like, yeah, I feel that way too. I did, I I took and didn't tell me all your self-help routines that you did to get you better, but it, it gates that situation. So that's why I'm like, let's do this in public because the impact is, is crazy when you do Black Tech. Green Money is the production of Blavity AfroTech on the Black Effect podcast network.


And I Heart Media. It's produced by Morgan Deba and me, well Lucas, with the digital production support by Kate McDonald, Sarah Ergen and Jada McGee. Special thank you to Micah Davis and Love Beach. Learn more about my guests and other tech disruptors and innovators at AfroTech dot com video version of this episode. We'll drop to Black Tech Green Money on YouTube. So tap in. Enjoy your Black Tech Green Money. Shit. This is somebody go get your money, peace and love.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.