
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did you hear that Exclusive? You know, she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. As I always tell you guys, this show is, it keeps you up to date everything, pop culture, entertainment, news. I'm your daily dig into all the things, right? And all the conversations that shake the room. But if we are doing a behind the scenes of a grind check-in like we normally do, low riders back on the grind. I, I've, I've talked enough for the, the week, but we had a, we are here in la we've had a really, really great past two days in the media room for the BET awards that celebrating 25 years of 1 0 6 and park and some iconic moments that went on on the show.


So there was so many amazing talent names that we got to speak to via the radio room or the, the media room for Breakfast Club and for the podcast. Just wanna get into some of, you know, those interviews and those conversations because bringing y'all the latest means I'm right there. It's happening in real time and as exactly what we did. So let's take a listen. I sat down with Gilly and Wallow for a million dollars worth of Game and Gilly's daughter, New York LA who was a music artist. We talked about her career, but we also got into the fact that Wallow done said, I don't take my job seriously as a journalist. So y'all know. I had to ask him. Well, why you feel like that? And I got the family with me.


Yes, you got Gilly Wilo, what's going on? Nah, come on. Tell the people what you have going on right now. I wanna throw to you first, because I've been following you for some time on social media. This is my first time meeting you in person, but I'm so proud of you. Thank as a artist, as a female music artist, it is so different for a rap woman to break through. And you, you have such a cool audience. Thank you. Talk to the people a bit about your music, where you are right now and, and just being here at the awards with, you know, dad and unc. The whole process has been really like fun. I'm working, I'm working on dropping my debut album in July called Rain on My Parade. And I'm dropping a fire single next week when my brother Hitmaker called Bad Luck. Mm. So when you talk about working on your debut album, is it a little bit more nerve wracking than just dropping songs and kind of filling out your audience, putting together that like actual project is, is it pressure?


I feel like it's really been fun more than anything. I, my, when I first started dropping music, I dropped two eps in the alternative and like r and b realm. So I feel like that's like helped me to like gauge like really like what my fans want to hear. Yes. Well let's talk about the alternative space and then I'm gonna take it out here to you guys because also too, what I love to see is, is the fact that they push you. Y'all are like, she don't even need promotion. Y'all are walking billboards for her everywhere that you guys are, even if she's not there. But being in the alternative space also too, as a black female artist, people are, I don't even think they're understanding it, but they're trying to. Now do you feel that turning point of like people understanding what you're doing, your aesthetic, your music, how you feel to yourself? Absolutely.


Absolutely. As I've been like building my catalog and really like showcasing my art and what I'm about. Absolutely. I feel like it's translating really well. Emini here. Got you Now Gilly Walla. Yes. Congratulations. Thank you much on everything. Always much. Congratulations to you. I see your podcast, you got a million streams, like million Like This. Congratulations to you. I I watch anything, talk to me. You Emini here. Thank you. You, you, you court tv now you in, you see me, you everywhere. You doing How I'm doing? 'cause I heard you said I wasn't taking it serious. Listen Man, I, I did, I, you know, I'm gonna talk about that because talk about that. Yeah. I be waiting, I'll call you. I gotta make, you know, I'm real strategic And I understand, I understand deals. I understand who watching and who not. Yeah. So I understand social posts. So you gotta be on point 'cause you never know who your next partner might be.


Okay. But let me tell you something. If he said you wasn't taking it serious, you know what that showed me? What he little a spark up under you? Oh, When I heard that, I said hold on, wait, here We go. Hold, hold on, hold on. Wait, don't post this, post this. Hold on. Wait. Yeah, no, because I think for what I do, I think a lot of people don't understand that. Like I come from TMZ And I come from this journalist background, but I also do come from The World of the internet and that's why you know what you're doing. I be like, yo, she's so fired. Because you have a way of app appealing to your audience that like a lot of art artists, artists aren't doing, I'm a journalist but like I'm doing it in a way that people don't even understand. Like people literally don't understand my trajectory. They don't understand the fact that I have a personality but I'm also, I care about the facts. I care about good conversation. So a little bit of it, I was like why, why I giving me the old hit and hip hop talk that don't understand artist?


No, no, no. This the whole thing. What now you, if anybody know, you know me and Gil understand culture a noun than tomorrow. That's why we be destroying it out here. Yes. I'm giving it to you on the tip. Like I I'm gonna give it to you more off the offer here. Yes. But I understand you talking to the people that got the big money, the biggest money out here. Yes. Whereas though we know the deals, I understand what's important in the post and what's not. And it's like sometimes you gotta, you gotta, you gotta keep the main thing the main thing. I get you And that's the one that's really gonna take you to the next level. Yeah. Sometimes the other stuff on the side be cool but it's like that ain't why they gonna give you 10 million and 15 million. Yes. So that's what I'm more on focus on that the work is all that. But sometimes it be the extra stuff that'd be like, that's not necessary.


Focus on this. It's all love though. Y'all know Gilly wallow, they they family, I, you know, first of all New York, LA who is Gilly's daughter, she is dope. Please make sure you guys gonna follow her, her sound, her aesthetic, everything is fire. But y'all know Gillian Wallow, our family is very much giving UNC energy. So as I mentioned in the interview, I don't take anything personal. It's more so of like I understand it's all love And I think people are just very protective of the space that I'm in right now and wanna see me doing well And I appreciate the feedback. I get it all day long from people I respect And I appreciate just being in a space to have people wanna pour into me in that way. Now I talked to Candy births, the candy births.


We got into some things. We talked about Othello on Broadway because my girl as a producer is just doing things that are so much bigger than I think what people give her credit for. Now we also talked about the fact that the thing that made Kenya not be able to appear on the show in the first place. Those photos, brick Edie, who the photos were allegedly of came out and said the photos weren't even her and she dropped a $20 million lawsuit against Bravo because of that. Let's take a listen to Kandy and her reaction. Let's talk Othello. Let me say thank you to every single person that bought a ticket and helped us break records. Yes. Okay. Tomorrow is our last show on Broadway.


So we finish our, we finish our run tomorrow. And it's so crazy because everybody's like, oh my god, I, you know, y'all gotta bring it back. Yeah. But we knew when we started it that it was going to be a limited run. Yes. And I'm just thankful to be a part of it. Okay. To be able to say, you know, I was a producer on a show that Star Denzel Washington and Jake Gillen Hall is like amazing and It's Broadway. That's like for a lot of people, people are probably wondering like, how did you even get into that conversation? Because people may think it's outta your wheelhouse. But that is such a epic thing for a person who's been on screen performing, right? Like Yeah. So my career has, you know, led up to this point.


Yes. My first one was Thoughts of a Colored Man and that was when Broadway was like first coming back. Okay. Open after the Pandemic. Yes. And Emini here. Well it was during the Pandemic still. Yes. So that was the first one. And then we did the piano lesson and we really started setting records and setting and it was showing that shows that were starred black actors directed by a black female director had a black producing team that we could still sell tickets. And really, 'cause at that time Piano lesson was really selling crazy amount of tickets as well. Yeah. And I think that was like the problem prior to people were scared to invest in shows that start all, you know, black talent, Another big part of your life first so long was Real Housewives of Atlanta.


You decided to take a And I did 14 seasons straight. I know. Looking at this season, you happy you stepped away? Yes. Well they recently came out that, first of all, Kenya being let, let, let go from the show for the rest of that season. That those photos that they alleged wish I was upset about. Yeah. I, you had talked about the fact that you felt like the network doesn't protect their talent, but now we're finding out that the photos weren't even Brittany, Brittany posted the statement saying that she was not in those photos and that she sued, she sued or she, she dropped a, a suit against Bravo because of, you know, the distress that it put her through because they allegedly were supposed to have done this investigation. I'm so confused how that happens.


I'm confused too. I I don't know. I wasn't there. But like, but you get what Emini here, it's like if, if you're looking at a photo, you can tell whether it is or isn't a person. Right. Well Emini here, my thing is, I I like everything changed. 'cause I thought at one point they was trying to say she was underage in the, in the photo. So how did they know that if the photo wasn't even her? So who came up with that when, remember they was trying to really come down heavy on Kenya. They was trying to say, you know, that she put these photos out, which was inappropriate. Yeah. And then they was like, and at one point they was trying to say, and she was underage at the time and I'm like, well who said she was underage then? If no, if that wasn't her in the photos, if she, there's been a lot. I don't know. My thing is I went there, I'm glad I wasn't there And I, my name Bennett, I ain't in it.


And we can move right along. Y'all know I love a good Housewife's conversation And I actually got to meet Kelly in person in the media room and she is, she's a doll in person. She's actually a lot shorter than I thought she would be. And Shamia finally met Shamia in person as well too. Shamia says she wants to come here and do the podcast. Did not know Shamia is a radio girly. She was there doing the media room as well, doing some interviews and stuff. So she wants to come and break down some topics on the podcast. So we'll, we'll we'll get our girl on Zoom. But in other news, the latest, if y'all don't know Russell Wilson has brought his family to New York because he is playing for the Giants now. And I actually got to talk to Sierra about what that move to New York has been like for her and the family in New York now because I know Russell's Playing for Giant now.


Yeah, we live new giants now. Now. Yeah, we do. What has that adjustment been like for you guys? Oh my gosh. New York. What up? Listen, I love New York. Really? The culture, the people, the food. It's amazing. Like my dad's from New York. Got You. Okay. I didn't know that. Yeah, so I've always had an appreciation for the city. I used to honestly be like, New York is kind of overwhelming 'cause I'm from Atlanta. I'm, I was gonna say a lot of people from South feel like that it's Dirty, like all these things. But then I'm like, now that I'm older, I appreciate everything that you should appreciate about the city from my perspective. Got you. And I'm excited for our new chapter in New York. I love the people. I love the accent. I love the culture. I just love, I'm excited. What's Your favorite dish?


Are you eating the, you know, bacon, egg, cheese from the bodega? The bodega? I actually had someone gift me a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. I was like, oh this is kind of interesting a gift. They, well they gave it to me as like a warming kind of moment, but I was like, I don't know which bodega you went to. I ahead. No, but I the pizza, the big cheese pizzas. Yes, The big Slices. Yeah. My kids wanted me to take them. So we did that already. And I love the Italian vibes in New York And I also love just everything In this new chapter in life with, with Russ because I know that there's so much pressure on him right now. People are waiting to see if he's gonna do, he delivers like what do you guys do? Just leisurely to kind of just, Oh my gosh.


We love our date nights. Okay. You know what Rus does is he's really good at it com compartmentalizing. He has his football when he's in it, he's in it and he's super focused. He wakes up every day at four 30 in the the morning and when he leaves football, he leaves it there. Right. Like I do like talking about football with him sometimes. So I'm like, I wanna be a fly on the wall. 'cause I love what he does. Yeah. And I think he's the best at what he does, but when we're together, it's our chance to like just enjoy ourselves. Gotcha. And so we are really intentional about that. We love our date nights, we love going to the movies. We love just being with each other and just, you know, having our fun as best friends. It's, it's a blessing. I love hearing you talk about him.


Yay. Yes. Go off. Not y'all Gifting Sierra a a seeing with Twin Bodega as a house warming gift that's low key. Kind of crazy. Like, I would be like, what? Why don't gimme no sandwich? But Sierra was cool though. It was a very like real life fan moment because I was such a Sierra fan for a long time. I thought I was gonna be dancing in the next Sierra video. So to sit with her and have the conversation, I was just like, oh my God. But that was the media room for me. Like I'm such a fan of, of so many different people and these outlets and these platforms and the conversations. So getting to see a lot of the people in real life who I haven't met so far through the b The Breakfast Club, I very much was in there like, oh wow, look, that's fire.


Or meeting people in person. More so though y'all, as y'all heard with K even finding out that certain people are like tuned in to like, you know, me reporting on The Breakfast Club or the Diddy trial via social media or just anything freaked me out. Like, wait, I'm on y'all notifications list. But that's because we bring you guys the latest and we do such a good job here of it. So thank you guys for tuning in because everybody was saying, Hey, congratulations on a million downloads on the podcast and just everything you have going on. So y'all as a family, as the low riders, we're making our mark. That's I I left the radio room feeling. I'm like, okay girl, you doing something?


You doing it now. Make sure y'all tune into the BET awards going down tonight, June 9th, 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. I am so looking forward to the 1 0 6 and Park tribute. Jim Jones will be performing on that you read as well. And we got to talk to him too. And I'll be backstage for BET, but bringing of course some of that content right here on the latest with Lauren the Rosa. Make sure you guys come on back And I say it every episode at the end of the day. There is always a lot to talk about and you guys could be anywhere with anybody talking about it, but you choose to be right here with me. I appreciate you guys so much for that. And I will see you in my next episode.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.