
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging.


Leather appointed seats are optional features. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. In business, they say you can have better, cheaper, or faster, but you only get to pick two.


What if you could have all three at the same time? That's exactly what cohere, Thomson Reuters and specialized bikes have since they upgraded to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure, OCI is the blazing fast platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs where you can run any workload in a high availability, consistently high performance environment and spend less than you would with other clouds. How is it faster? OCIs Block Storage gives you more operations per second. Cheaper. OCI costs up to 50% less for computing, 70% less for storage, and 80% less for networking.


Better in test after test. OCI customers report lower latency and higher bandwidth versus other clouds. This is the cloud built for AI and all your biggest workloads right now with zero commitment. Try OCI for free. Head to oracle.com/strategic. That's oracle.com/strategic. My dad works in B2B marketing, but I never really knew what that meant. Then one day my dad came by my school for Career day and told everyone in my class he was a big ROAS man. Then he just kept saying things like, the bigger the roas, the better. Over and over. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, I think it means calculating a return on ads spend.


One thing is for sure I'll be known as the ROAS man's kid for the rest of my days. Why couldn't you just be a fireman or a lawyer? Why you ruined my life, dad. Not everyone gets B2B, but LinkedIn has the people who do. And with ads on LinkedIn, you'll be able to reach people based on job title industry likelihood to buy and more. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We'll even give you a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/customer to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/customer terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be, to be I'm Will Lucas.


And this is Black Tech, Green Money. Beatrice Dixon is the co-founder, CEO and Chief Innovation Officer of The Honey Pot Co. The game changing feminine wellness brand that started with the dream, literally from launching with a $21,000 loan to building a multimillion dollar business, Dr. Major retailers be, has navigated the challenges of fundraising as a black woman scaled the company without losing its soul and remained unapologetic about her vision for success. So I'm, I'm very interested in your take on this because I've lived by this idea of not being romantic about business And I I read that you also practice unromantic relationships with business and, and Yeah.


You know, you say you like, you don't look at your business as your baby. You know, I've read, as you said, so many of us start because we're so passionate about the idea. So how do you, how do you admonish us to think about that? I think that, you know, 'cause some, you know, every now and again, somebody asks me, do I have kids that don't have kids? You know, and they'll be like, well, your, your business is your kid. I'm like, Emini here. Yeah. Kind of, you know. But at the same time, our businesses are not our kids. Our businesses are businesses. Mm. They're here to make us money. They're here to provide goods and services to human beings that we serve.


You know, I think that it's really important to, I think it's really important to give respect to what a business is, but I also understand that it takes a lot of you, it takes a lot of your soul, a lot of your energy, a lot of your, you know, especially when you're really trying to do the thing, you know, you give it all you have, so naturally it feels personal. Yeah. Right. Because, you know, a lot of the shit is personal. You know, you have to sacrifice a lot when you're really, really, really in business.


Like when things are really at scale and you're growing and moving and shaking and raising money and, you know, and a lot of retailers or, you know, you've got a huge brand online or whatever. It requires a lot of you. So it's like, on one hand I understand that for the people that do it every day, it's not just business. There is a personal element to it. And on the other hand, we have to understand what the purpose of business is. Especially this is something in the black community, you know, because we are held to a standard that frankly is not able to be, you know, it, it's, it's a standard that's not reality.


You understand what I'm saying? Yep. Yep. It's not based in reality. It's based a lot in emotion. You know, we don't necessarily always see ourselves as just business people. We see ourselves as black business people. Mm. When in fact, we're just business people like everybody else is. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? A hundred percent. And so even though The World wants to put us in that box, we have to do a better job of unconditioning ourselves to stay in that box, you know, because we're just trying to run our shit like everybody else is. Right. And so that's another part of it that's really hard because, you know, we, we grow up, we scale, we raise money, we do all the things, but what happens when you raise money and do all the things, you have to have some kind of strategic partnership.


You have to have a way for your shareholders to be able to come become whole on their investment as well as yourself. Yeah. Yeah. You don't get rich. You know, I'm not saying that, that some companies don't, but typically, you, you can be, you can be, let me rephrase this. You're not getting wealthy off of being a business owner. You might become rich. Okay. Okay. And when I'm, when I'm, when I'm talking about Rich, you may have money in the, in the bank, you know, you might, you might be able to stack a cup a million, right? But having the ability to stock 20 plus in your bank account, which is f you money, right?


Where it can just sit there and you never have to think about it, and you can just earn off of interest. You can just live off of that forever and ever. You understand what I'm saying? Having the ability to do, to do that means that some sort of an event is happening, right? Some sort of a strategic event. Is it that you've been acquired by a private equity fund? Is it that you've been acquired by conglomerate? Is it that you took your company to be to IPO? You know, and you were able to let it sit long enough and actually be able to make money off of that, right? Yeah. Yeah. These are the things that we have to do in business.


Our skin color and what's between our legs shouldn't matter. But, but this is another way that I think business is romanticized and emotion emotionalized. I don't even know that that's a reason. I'll take it or a word. Right. But, you know, but you understand what I'm saying. Like, we have to, we have to stop. I shouldn't say we have to do, this is just my opinion. I think that we need to do a better job of respecting what it takes to make this shit happen. It, because it takes a lot. And, and, and, and if you're lucky enough, which most companies, whether you're white, purple, brown, green, most companies will never, ever, ever experience what that is to go through some sort of event of an event like that, because it just doesn't happen every day.


But we shouldn't be penalized because we do you, you understand what I'm saying? Like, we, we should, we shouldn't be in a position where investors are afraid to invest in us, or strategics are afraid to acquire us because of what the community is going to say. You know? I think that that, that that's another way that business has been romanticized, because once you do it, then, then you're penalized for doing it. And that's not really cool because you're just doing what you have to do in order to run your business and in order to, you know, go through the motions of what it means to take in venture capital or private equity money.


Yeah. Yeah. The day you do that, that's the day that you've just signed the, you've just, you've just signed the dotted line to say that you're either either selling your company or you're IPOing it. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I think I'm gonna throw away all the questions I have prepared and just let the spear move me on this one. No problem. This, this was this. Okay. You okay? So, I think listening to at least the beginning of your talk, the, your, your, your statement there that some of, so many of us get into whatever business we start because we're so passionate about it. And I wonder your take on, do we even have to be passionate about, oh, can we also be opportunistic also, like our counterparts might be, they just see an opportunity and go, 'cause I see an opportunity.


Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think I, sorry, I didn't mean to No, no, go ahead. I, I just want, were you done with your question? No, no. I didn't really have a question, but I wanted to have this conversation. Yeah. I, I absolutely think that there's businesses that are what they are, you know, because of opportunity. Look at Jeff Bezos, the richest man in The World, right? There may be somebody wealthier, but like, you know, he, he's high up, right? He, he got to where he is because he saw an opportunity, right? Do you see enough of us doing that? Or is because I believe, at least from my perspective, that we are more taught, like, what do you care about?


What are the things that move you and then go start a business off that? Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I actually agree with you, right? We are brought up to care about things. We are brought up to feel responsible for what we put into The World to, you know, we're, we're more, we're, I don't wanna say more. We're a communal community, right? We, we, that those types of things are important to us. So I'm not gonna say what, what anybody should or shouldn't do. You know, I'm kind of both, And I can only speak for myself, right?


I'm very much passionate about I what I do. I think that this is part of the reason why I was put on this planet, is to do what I do. I have, I, I'm very lucky to have found my passion, right? I'm very lucky to have found what, what my purpose is on this planet, right? For me to be alive. I, I, I feel that way. And, you know, I am a conscious capitalist, right? I, I, I do believe in wealth. I do believe, you know, I do believe in what it can do for you. I believe in how it can change your life. I can, I believe in how it can change others' lives, you know?


And I, And I, I deeply believe in business and, and what the capacity of running a business, how that can make you wealthy, and how if you do that right, and with the right responsibility and the right care and the right love, you can do all those things, be wickedly successful or wildly successful, rather, and still care, right? So you, you, you can, you, because you have to, if you wanna be successful in business, you have to be opportunistic. You have to be able to see the shit that most people don't see. You have to be able to, to be able to be like, huh. You know, you have to be able to see a white space.


You have to see 20 steps ahead. You have to know the direction that something is going, right? So you have to be, I believe that you have to be both. Right? I believe that. I believe that. And I, I'm not projecting that onto anybody else, but as it relates to me, I believe that being able to be opportunistic and also being able to be relatable, and also being able to be responsible and loving and caring, because I make products that people use on their bodies, that people use on their vaginas, right? That's not something that I think is to be taken lightly.


You know? So that has to be done with a lot of care, love, responsibility that has to, you know, because we're not just making things for people to use. There have, there has to be beautiful energy infused into these products. So it's, so it's actually helping to heal their lives. Yeah. That, you know, and that, that's a very esoteric view of business. But that's how I see it, you know, which, which makes the way we run our business very special and beautiful and hard, you know? But, but yeah, to answer your question, I, I think you need to be both. Have we dangerously over?


No, no pun intended. Romanticized raising money. I think we have. How so? Because it was too easy to raise it over the past, you know, call it, you know, for when, when all the humans, you know, starting with, starting with George Floyd, even though this has been happening for thousands of years, the, the brutality and killing of black men, right? The World saw it. Everybody wanted to do something. Nobody was doing anything else. 'cause COVID had happened. So we were all sitting at home.


So everybody only had the ability to pay attention. Well, what happened from that de diversity, equity, and inclusion happened. Companies were sprouting up whole departments around it, right? You know, venture capitalists and, and investors. All types of investors we're, we're putting together funds for, for bipoc humans, not just for black people, just humans, you know, diverse humans all the way around. Whether that meant, you know, think of all the different cultures and ethnicities, LGBTQ plus community, veterans, women, you know, I think money was just falling from the sky.


Everybody could just go out and raise it. Even if you just started your business, that's not really the time to raise money. 'cause you don't even really know what you have yet. Right. I think that raising money, I don't think that we shouldn't have access to money that's out there. You know, I'll speak now for, for, for our race as black people. I think that access should just be, should just access should be access. It shouldn't have to, there shouldn't have to be funds that are focused Yeah. On only black and brown humans. It doesn't matter because it, it needs to be because this is The World we live in, you know?


But, you know, I, I'm very much a believer and know how hard it is to raise money and how hard it should be to raise money, because you, you literally ha, you literally are asking people, whether it's angel investors, who that's typically money that they've made in their life, right? That they're taking out of their bank account to invest in your business. Right? Those are typically the first ones that invest. Right? Then there's venture capital, which in my mind, you shouldn't be going, I, I don't personally believe that it's time to get venture capital money until you've actually proven that you have something.


Because venture capital money typically comes with rules. And I'm not saying that, you know, seed capital and all those things aren't important because they are. But I just, I, I personally think that when it comes to bringing capital into the business, you should know what you have. You should know where it's going, right? You should know how you're gonna invest it, how you're gonna grow your team, all those different types of things. And I think for a few years, money was just falling out of the sky and people didn't necessarily have the education Emini here, I can say that because at one point we didn't have the education. Yeah, yeah. Right. You know, and my, my brother's side, I remember I used to say to him, bro, we need to raise some money.


And he would like, be, we don't need to raise no money yet. What are we raising it for? We, like, we're, we're selling on our, on a website into some, into some small natural stores. We don't need no money. When Target came, that's when he was like, okay, now we need some money. Yeah. Right. Because now we have, we have somewhere to hang our hat. Like we, that, when, when, when a, when a mass market retailer comes, that's when you have the ability to really scale your business because they've got thousands of doors. Right. So, you know, I, I'll mainly speak for CPG, which is cons, is consumer packaged goods.


You know, I don't believe that people should raise money in CPG until they've at least figured out how to make a million dollars on their own. Right. I, I, I just, I, you know, maybe I'm old school for believing that, but I think that it's important for you to understand the logistics, the operations. What do you actually need the money for? Where's it going? If you figured out how to make a million, you can figure out how to make 10. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, I, I do think that it was over romanticized, but it was also a beautiful thing because so many people, you know, the gap was able to, to kind of be filled a bit.


But the problem is, is that a lot of those brands that were getting all that money, where are they today? Yeah. Yeah. Because it kind of sets you up for failure if you, if you don't know how you're gonna execute those funds and actually grow the thing. You understand what I'm saying? Yep. Yeah. So if you, getting money is just a very small fraction of it. You have, you, you have to, and, and having an investor that wants to be more to you than just money is also equally important. They need to be invested in helping you build your leadership team, which helps you build out the rest of your team.


They need to be invested in helping you understand how you're gonna operationally run your business. Right. They need to be invested in, you know, regulatory, in helping you understand what that roadmap is and how you're gonna grow it. You know, because even if you just make a, a face wash at this point, it's, it the way that the FDA is moving, everything is heavily regulated. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. And so if you don't have the tools and the resources to understand how to do these things, it makes it very hard for you to make money. You know? Yeah.


What is the difference between what you did or what you see as a p as as a better roadmap versus people who make a potion, do it in their kitchen, sell it outta their kitchen, sell it outta their trunk, you know, quote unquote proverbial trunk, and they don't get past that. Hey, fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success.


They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder, navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex.


That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs. Over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1, centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta can help you start or scale your security program by connecting you with auditors and experts to conduct your audit and set up your security program quickly. Plus, with automation and AI throughout the platform, Vanta gives you time back so you can focus on building your company. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time.


For a limited time, our audience gets $1,000 off. Vanta at vanta.com/special. That's VANT a.com/special for $1,000 off. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, drumstick, frozen treats, outshine fruit bars, Oreo cookies, and Capri Sun pouches. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability. Restric and supply visit safeway.com for more details.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to root. We're taking an old industry and making it fair root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates.


Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels. I, I think because we were that right, we, we started in our kitchen selling it out of our trunk. I, you know, honestly, some of it, some of it is luck, some of it is the know-how. You know, like I, I was lucky enough to be, I worked in Whole Foods as a salesperson in whole body, so I knew how to talk to a customer, right?


My brother was my, you know, is my co-founder. He, he was an accountant, so he knew how to deal with money. He knew how to talk to high work, high net worth individuals, right? Linda had worked in marketing, she's one of our other original co-founders, not necessarily with the business anymore, but, you know, she, she knew how to build at that time, we considered her to be our CMO, right? But we were young, so we, we were just, you know, we were just creating titles. Yeah. That's another thing you do when you are young, right? As a business owner.


But I, I think we, we as a collective had the know-how within our respective fields because it's what we did every day. You know? And then, and then after I worked at Whole Foods, I went on to be a broker, so I knew how to talk to a buyer. Wow. Okay. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I think, you know, I think some of it's luck. I think some of it's having the know-how of how to like, at least be able, whether it's going into a small retailer or a big one, knowing how to talk to them, knowing what they're looking for, I think, you know, it requires a lot of grit.


I think having access and having something really, it goes down to mostly is having a product that has the ability to really catch fire and really go, you know, like, it, it's, it's having a product that people need, I think, on an everyday basis. I think that that's also something to it. And again, I can only speak to this in CPGI, I don't, you know, it's what I know, you know what Emini here. Yeah. But I think, you know, I think it's a combination of a lot of things, you know, and some people have really dope products that people do use every day, but it's just so hard because there's so many products out in The World.


It's just so hard to get off the ground. Yeah. Some people have all that stuff and they, they may still never be able to get it to where we have it. It's not because what I have is better than what they have. I think also it's also about what's in order for you in your life, you know? And some of those things can't, you know, aren't predetermined. You know, some things you just, it, it just kind of is what it is. So that doesn't make it a bad thing or a good thing. It's just a thing, you know? Yeah. Some people will continue to do the same thing for the next 10 years and it, and, and they, they maybe, maybe they don't get past a few hundred thousand, maybe they can crack a million, but it's hard for them to get past that, you know?


And that, that's that. And that's not a bad thing because you, that means you still have something. You, you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. I think that's the question that I ask about, like, our relationship with raising money is like if you, if you look pre COVID in George Floyd and almost Yeah. As we're post COVID in George Floyd. Now we've, because we romanticized what Tech Crunch was talking about this company raised Oh, on camera. I'm, I'm might switch cameras, but I'm gonna get this question out first 'cause they're recording. We, the okay. Concept of raising money was glamorized when you saw these companies raise a million dollars, you know, $500,000. Then we start to think that that's the goal and profit isn't the goal.


And I'd love to hear you speak to that. Right. Right. Profit is the goal all the way every day. You know, it used to be, it used to be that profit, you know, you, you, you think of like the Dollar Shave clubs of The World, you know, how they were able, they had the ability to scale their business, I don't know, to like 150 million or something like that. And then they were able to sell to, I think they sold to Unilever, somebody like that for like a billion dollars. I don't know that they were necessarily profitable. Right. But they came up at a time Right.


Where profitability was not necessarily what the strategics were looking for. Yeah. Yeah. They, what they were, what they were excited about when it came to Dollar Shave Club is the fact that they had over a million subscribers. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And that, and that was a time when direct to consumer was really hot. Right. Subscriptions were also a hot thing at that time. You know, now we're at a time where, you know, you see Emini here, we all saw what happened with WeWork. Yeah. Right? Yeah. That shit was wild. Right? Yeah. You know, and, and I'm, and those guys are gonna be fine that, you know, they're gonna just go out and do a million other things and be wickedly successful, you know?


But now I think that it's really important to strategics that it may, that that companies do have a, do have, at least if you're not profitable, you have a lot. Like you, you, you've got, you've got a a, you've got the, what's the word I'm looking for? You at least have profitability in your view. You may not be profitable yet, but you have to be able to, you're on track to tell the story. Track you're on track. How you gonna get over there? Track? Yeah. Right? Yeah. You know, you, you, you, you know, you have to be making a decent margin and these are things that you want anyway.


Even if, even if The World was still the same back when Dollar Shave Club was able to go out and sell their company for billions of dollars or whatever. Just because we see that in my mind, it's better of you to be a responsible business person and make sure that you have a company that, that's making a great margin that's got, that's able to put money in the bank, right? Because money in the bank gives you access to lines of credit. It, it makes you a sexy, it makes you sexy to be able to go out into The World when it is time to raise money to be able to raise that money.


It makes it so that your investors know that because you've already built the, you've already kind of put yourself in a position where you've built your business to be profitable. You've built your business to be lean effective, to be able to drive revenue, to be able to print money, right? Yeah. When you build a business from that point of view, that's going to make it so whatever you decide in the future, right? Especially if you've brought in private equity or venture capital money, knowing that you're gonna have to have some sort of an event that makes it so that you've, you've built the muscle to be able to go out to market, to be able to potentially sell to a strategic or to be able to go out And I PO because IPOing is really hard.


Right. You know, I know Emini here, I've got a, a several friends that have iPod, you know, some of them are, have, have penny stocks right now. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. That's not a terrible thing. It is what it is. But it's a very hard market to be in because everybody is in your business at that point. Right. All it takes is one viral moment that can make the stock plummet. You know? And so, you know, amongst many other things, you know, all the, all the regulations, all the things you have to uphold on a monthly, daily basis is, it's wild. So, you know, I I think building the muscle to be profitable, to be lean, to make sure you're, you're covering a high margin to understand your business inside and out is really important.


You know, building that muscle from the beginning is really important because that's where, that's where we are at this point. I think the strategics of The World learned that profitability is actually really important because you have, 'cause that tells them that you have a business. Yeah. Yeah. You know, What is missing? Like, when you see these conversations around, and you don't have to say the name, but I'll say the name Target, and you see the, you see all these things happening. What's missing from that conversation that you wish we understood? Mm. Because we're all looking at the target and you like, y'all need to understand this, but what should we understand About, I think the thing that's important to understand, I'm not gonna speak from a target point of view.


'cause I'm not, you know, my brand isn't Target. Yeah. We, we, we sell there. I think what's important to understand in a time like this is what it takes to get the opportunity to be in a target. What it takes to get on shelf at Target. What it takes even bigger than that, because getting on the shelf is, is actually, it's not easy, but it's easy. What's hard is staying there. Mm. Okay. And what's really hard is when your business is not, when your velocities aren't growing and turning, when you're not meeting your dollars per store per week.


Right. When your cells are down, you know, when, when your cells are down, and then when you know, and then when, how do I give this example without alienating anything? When your, when, when you as a brand, not, not just honeypot, just in general Right. When your numbers may be down due to what's happening. Yeah. Right? But they're actually seeing that their numbers aren't so down.


It makes it look like Yep. Yep. Your numbers are down because of another reason. Yep. When in fact your numbers are probably down because of what's actually happening. Right, right, right. I got it. I got it. It makes it hard for brands to be able to survive in a space like that. They don't take into account the landscape. You have to take into account the whole landscape of things. Yeah. What it takes to get on shelf. Like a lot of people are talking about right now, how they're seeing a lot of the brands marked down. People are saying, you know, they're seeing a lot of the black brands marked down, right? Well, right now is the time, right before they're about to launch all their new stuff on the shelf.


So quite naturally, typically the things that are gonna be discontinued off the shelf are happening right now. So what do they do? They market down, they try to sell through it until right before they're gonna, they're gonna set the shelf for the rest, for, for the new things that are gonna come on shelf. Because you have to make space on shelf for the new stuff, right? Yeah. But the average person doesn't know that to them. They think, oh, they just made an announcement about de And I and now they're mocking down all these brands and throwing all these brands out. That's not the case. These brands were gonna be marked down whether they continued their de And I practices or not, because you have to make room on the shelf.


Because some of these brands probably have new innovation coming, or some of them maybe weren't meeting their requirements. Right. There's, there's a multitude of reasons why a brand has to discontinue things or why they have to come off shelf. Why? Because it's really hard to be in mass market retail. It's very, very, very, very, very hard. Right. There's a real art to it. There's a, a real intellectual side to it. There's, it's heavily operational, it's heavily logistical, you know, it's heavy with trade spend, you know, not understanding trade spend can literally murder your business.


You could have, you could have a million dollars worth of purchase orders and only get paid back a hundred thousand because it may have been late, may not have showed up, it may have not showed up on time, it may not have been stickered the right way. It may, like, there's so many things that can happen that can cause for them to just charge you, charge, you charge, you charge. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The chargebacks, right? And so, you know, there, so trying not to, trying not to, even though they just made the announcement that they made, trying not to make everything so literal, because some of these things are just things that just na like we were talking about earlier.


These are just things that just naturally happen in business. Right? It's not, it's not that they had a plan to let some of these companies go. They are literally making space on the shelf for new products that are about to be launching because April, may Yeah. Goodness. Is is the time. Right? And so, you know, so it's so Emini here, some of what I mentioned is something I think that needs to be taken into account. I think the biggest thing that needs to be taken into account is to not make brands pay for something that a retailer chooses. But I also understand that like cer companies don't necessarily always listen until their bottom line is, is affected.


And so I also understand the point of these things. You, you know? Yeah. So I, so I also wanna, I also wanna preface what I'm saying with, you also have to make your own decision about what you want to do. Some of the things that I'm saying is just my own opinion, but I'm not trying to tell people what they should do. You, you have to choose where you wanna shop, where you wanna spend your money, who you wanna spend your money with. I just think that it's important to understand the plight of a business owner who is, who is essentially renting real estate from Target, from Walmart, from, from these, you know, the, these retailers in order for us to run our business.


It's not if we were, if, if, if you tried to just pull your products out of a target that literally would be def to your brand by a million cuts, right? Because you, you wouldn't survive. You, you don't just pull your products out, they charge you to pull those products out. Wow. And then what are you gonna do? Some people say, well, you can just sell your products online. Well, when you sell products online, that's only one store you have to pay for. You have to pay your, your three PL fees. You have to pay for shipping one one unless you have a product that, that is an expensive product. It's very hard to make money direct to consumer.


It's a misnomer to say PE-people. It's a misconception. People think that you make so much money by selling direct to consumer. But if you make a product that's under $20, I'm sorry to tell you, that's just not the case. Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference.


State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like kinder bueno, cheezit crackers, Oscar Meyer, Lunchables, and just bear chicken bites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings.


Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details For period protection. You can put on and forget about nothing beats Nick's leak proof underwear. North America's number one leakproof underwear brand. Let's face it, life can be unpredictable, but your leakproof underwear shouldn't be. That's why millions of people choose Nick's for periods for light leaks, for everyday freshness. Nick's undies are super comfy, super absorbent, and made to handle whatever your day throws at you. Day two of your period covered your daily run. No problem. That big sneeze, you know the one.


Yep, we've got you. And with styles like bikinis, boy shorts, thongs, and high-rise plus sizes from extra small to four XL Nix makes it easy to find your perfect fit. Say goodbye to stress and leaks and say hello to undies that work just as hard as you do, no matter the leak. Find the style and level of protection you want@nix.com and use code flow 15 for 15% off. That's KNI x.com code flow 15 for 15% off Nix for your leaks for your life. Hey, good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal.


Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with root insurance. You'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's route Insurance terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for detailss.


Yeah, so I guess my, my question then is, you know, I've heard, And I don't know, so you maybe you know more about this, like they're taking away the section of those products, like the black section, you know, and then putting it in with other, like they will just not be a section. But maybe the question is, and we Want that, we want that. We don't wanna be in a black section. Yeah, That's my question. That's my question. We wanna be, we wanna be, if you make, if listen, if you make body wash and body lotion, where is your product best sold In the body wash, the body lotion section. If you make haircare products, right, where is your haircare best sold?


If you make shampoos and conditioners, it's best sold in the place that you go and buy shampoo and conditioners. Yeah. Yeah. I make vaginal wellness products. Why would my products work in a, in an area of the store that's allocated for humans of color? That that's weird. That's not weird to you. Yeah. I guess you take it to the level of like, why is there an organic section of the grocery stores? Like this is just the Yeah. But, but brother, they all the, all the retailers stopped doing that. I don't know where you live, but I remember back in, and this is only because I come from retail. I remember back in the day, Kroger used to sell, used to have an organic section. Yeah. Right. Well, they found that people didn't wanna just go to the organic section.


People wanted to buy their organic potato chips in the potato chip aisle. Yeah. Yeah. They wanna get their organic cereal, their, their cash or whatever in the cereal aisle. I wanna buy my organic milk in the milk section. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna have to go over here and then go over there. It, it's, it's a better shopping experience when, when you can buy, when you can walk a store and navigate a store and, and navigate it the way that you would typically navigate and experience the way that you would when you can just buy your things where you traditionally go to buy them. Yeah. Yeah. Otherwise, you're, you're trying to get a, a, a human consumer to practice a different way of shopping, which your condition, which makes it harder for them to do so.


Do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh, this makes total sense. Yeah. Yeah. In, in the few minutes I have left, I want to ask about like, your leadership style, how that's evolved, you know, over time from, you know, let's say a small company, you know, you talked about in your kitchen proverbially to now 70 plus people. Like how has B had to change? Mm, that's a good question. I think that, I think that my leadership style has definitely is constantly changing. You know, in the beginning you kind of have to be everything. You know, when you're, when you're scaling, you are typically bringing in people who have more expertise.


So then your leadership style has to redevelop a bit because you're bringing in leadership. So you need to give them the ability to lead you. You have, you have to be able to step back and not be, you have to be trust. You have to trust them. Right. And you also have to have the ability to be open to them making mistakes, because that's how we all learn. So, you know, but it's hard when you go from doing everything to bringing somebody in. Especially bringing somebody in, that's probably replacing you a bit.


Right? Because, you know, in the beginning it was, it was me, me and side. But then over time, you know, I'll speak for myself. My investors felt like we needed a president, which they weren't wrong. We did, I've never, I've never ran a multimillion dollar business before. This is my first time. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? Yep, yep. So like, my, my, my understanding of running a company has limitations. So they were like, Hey, we really feel like we need to bring in a president because, and the president, the person that they brought in, Alison Avaya, who's incredible, you know, she Emini here.


She's worked at, she's, she's worked at multi-billion dollar businesses, right? And so she knows she's gonna know what needs to be done, how to build this team, how to strategically, how to strategically grow it. How do we put in services and tools in order to be able to grow our teams and give them the resources that, you know, she's just gonna have a different level of experience than I have. And so I have to be, have the ability to respect that. There's only so much that I know. And if I want this business to go where I know it can, I have to let her lead.


Yeah. I have to step back. Right? Yeah. You know, And I have to still know what know and respect what I do because nobody can do what I do Right. For as it relates to this business. Yeah. You know, And I, And I have to realize that there's things that, that I don't have the ability to do. And so the art of being a good leader is understanding what you don't know how to do, so that you can get the right people into the job so that you can trust them and give them the ability to grow, you know, but also understand what it is you know how to do and you know how to do best so that you can do that shit all the way.


Yeah. Yeah. You know, so I think, you know, if I had to give a name, I'm probably very much a transformative leader. You know, I, I really respect the leaders on my team. I really respect their opinion. I really respect their, you know, their backgrounds. I respect what they bring to this business. You know? And I, and honestly, I welcome it because, you know, in order for this to be what I know it can be, you know, honeypot is a conglomerate brand within itself, even before we sell to a conglomerate at some point.


Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? A hundred. Which, which would be the final home of honeypot. Yeah. Right. But in order for us to get there, you know, we, we have to be able to ebb and flow. We, we have to die to our egos. We have to, we have to know why we're here and who we're serving and keep that human at the forefront of why we do everything that we do. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Because that's what's most important. That human with the vagina is the most important to us, right? Yeah. And so, you know, and then also our team is very important.


It, it's also the most important, right? Like we, we, we, we, we work really hard to make really beautiful, efficacious, beautiful skincare, vaginal care, menstrual care, personal care. But we have to treat each other well in the process. You know, if, if we're in, if we're working in a toxic work environment, the output of that is going to be toxic. And so also how we treat each other within the company is very important. How we respect each other, how we talk to each other, how we build our businesses with each other. You know?


It, it's, so, it's, it's a, it's a culmination of a lot of things, you know, you know, but I, but I, but, but it, it definitely changes all the time. And, and you know, for some people change can be really hard. For me, change is not hard. I actually welcome change. I'm a very, very, very hyper present person. And, but I know, you know, the evolution doesn't happen without change. You know? And, And I, And I want honeypot to be here for the next however many hundreds of years, you know?


And in order to do that, you know, I, I I think that you, you have to be able to flow. Yeah. To be respectfully of time. I'll give one last question for you. And I think about, I have this conversation with friends a lot, and this idea of building a business on support. And I, And I feel like we have to at some point get past support. I, I buy this because I support it. Like even before this whole target thing, I was like, like, you don't go to Target 'cause you support Target. You go to Target 'cause they got what you need. But, so, so many of our businesses are like, you got, I need your support to, you know, keep the lights on. And I'm like, we gotta move past that.


So I love to your thoughts to hear your thoughts on how, on that and how we get past just support Yeah. Emini here. I, I agree with you. I, I think that, look, I think I, I, I have a few thoughts about that. I think that, I think for the brand that is literally, target is about to be their very first retailer, their very first mass market retailer, right? And they're about to go on shelf and maybe they're a decent sized brand on their own, right? Like they, they've, they've figured out how to make some, some real money and they've gotten into Target and they're looking to grow their business.


That company needs support. Yeah. Yeah. Your first few years, your first few years in retail, you, first of all, you may not have tons of money, even if you're making money, it's hard to, it's, you know, marketing and all those things, cost and absorbent amounts of money. Right? So you may not have all the tools and resources that's gonna take you to the next level as far as like being able to support your product on shelf. Most companies we're just f you're just trying to figure out how to do that. Right? Right. If you're only in a hundred doors, it doesn't make sense to pay Target or any other retailer, $25,000 for their in-store marketing programs.


'cause you're only in a hundred doors. You pay that amount of money when you're in at least 1100 doors or more. Right. And so when it comes to support, that brand needs support because their testing right now potentially, so that next year they can go back to Target and say, Hey, you tested me in a hundred doors. Now I wanna be in 200 doors or 500 doors. But in order for them to get that 500 doors, what has to happen? Those hundred doors have to produce. So that brand needs support because they don't have the resources to go out and do big huge marketing campaigns and do all the shit that it, you know, that that a, that a big brand has the ability to do, wouldn't even make sense for them to do.


'cause they're only in a hundred doors. No. So in the beginning, they really need the support of, of their, of, of their customer that's been following them, that's been supporting them the whole time that's been buying their products online or buying it outta their trunk or whatever the circumstances situation is. Now, I agree with you that you have to get to a point where you, where it's not just like we, you're just living off of support. You have to get to the point to where you're living off of velocity. Yeah. I like that. Where, I like that where, where, where you are, where you are scaling and growing, right?


You started in a hundred doors, now you got in the 500 doors following year, you got into a thousand, now you're gonna go talk to Walmart, then you're gonna go talk to Kroger, then. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Now you wanna go talk to CVS, but in the beginning you need some support. Right. Because, because you gotta get, you gotta get off the ground. You got, you have to move past the support phase. But that is one of, that is phase one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of getting into mass market. And, And I don't, And I, I think that, and, and that is one of the things to your earlier question of things that we have to realize as consumers that buy products off of shelves.


'cause you're right, target Target, they're a machine. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like they, they, they, they are, they are kind of the, the, the mother retailer and then the, the sisters and brothers are on the shelves. Right. We, we need to, we, in order for Target to be what it is, it cannot survive without brands, brands cannot survive without human beings consuming our products. That's right. It, it just doesn't work that way. We, we all, all of we need, we all need each other.


Right. And so, you know, I, I agree with you. The goal needs to be getting out of the support phase, but every single business has to go through the support phase before they get to the next one. Black Tech Green Money is a production of Blavity AfroTech on the Black Effect podcast network at NY Heart Media. It's produced by Morgan Deba and me Will Lucas, with additional production support by Kate McDonald, Sarah Ergen and Jada McGee. Special thank you to Micah Davis and Love Beach. Learn more about my guest and other tech disruptors and innovat AfroTech dot com video version of this episode. We'll drop to Black Tech Green Money on YouTube. So tap in. Enjoy your Black Tech Green Money.


Shit. This somebody go get your money decent love. Hey there. It's Ra Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26, score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Kinder bueno, Cheez Crackers, Oscar Meyer, Lunchables, and just bare chicken bites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings On top of savings when you shop in-store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details. Here at the Almond Joy factory, where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, the crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy.


Ah, but do you know what our most important ingredient is? Some you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't. Almond joys got nuts and something even way better than that. Yes, almond Joy is made, made with almonds and joy. It's summer time to enjoy long days, lazy nights, and great food because Uber Eats has deals all summer long, so when hunger strikes don't sweat it. Delicious deals are just a tap away on Uber Eats. Enjoy all your favorite grocery items delivered straight to you. Get ice cream, soda and snacks from your favorite stores like Wegmans and CVS and make the most of every moment.


Now that sounds like a good summer. Order now on Uber Eats terms Apply product availability varies by regions. Yeah, for details. Does Friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar whose boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hellos, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to Hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life. This is an iHeartPodcasts.