
Coming soon to Prime video. You can Call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don'tKill for afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Ke thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Have you Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article. Search engines don't always get it right, for right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. Take control with Reputation Defender. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert.


Hey, What's up guys? I'm Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking nice. Abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for dinner. With the film drinks with the guys, and even New Year's Eve, they have outfits for every occasion. I'm mainly a jeans and t-shirt guy. But Abercrombie has to dress your fits that keep me comfortable. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Ever wonder why top financial advisors from your firm choose UBS, the advisors on the move. Why UBS report uncovers just that and more. In these reports, you'll learn the key reasons why advisors move and choose ubs, their motivations behind it and their experiences. Transitioning to UBS. Download your free copy now at ubs.com/y. UBS Financial Services Inc. Member FINRA, SIPC.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


Afro tech conferences back bringing together over 20,000 tech enthusiasts, founders, investors, and more for another unforgettable year. For years Afro Tech has been the go-to event for black innovators in tech with the brightest mind share, the latest developments and insights. And this year we're bringing the experience to Houston, Texas from November 13th through the 16th. Join us to learn from the innovators and leaders who are shaping the future of tech. From insightful panels to curated meetups and expansive recruiting, you'll connect with industry trailblazers. In addition to focusing on the latest in AI and data, this year's programming explores the intersections of tech with health, environment and creative design. Don't miss a chance to be part of it. Secure your spot at Afro Tech Conference 2024 today. Visit afro tech conference.com to buy your ticket.


Now I'm Will Lucas. And this is Black Tech. Green Money marketing strategist. Marty Woodard is an innovative thinker with broad business acumen and in-depth marketing and branding experience. He serves as a marketing consultant and chief marketing officer and was previously a marketing brand analyst and associate brand manager at Mars Petcare, which is home to Iams Pedigree and Morris. And he was brand manager at Newell Brands home to rubber, made reco and paper, made his social media profiles, teach others how to grow online and monetize their content and insights. So I am super curious about social strategy and I'm my, I have a question that's kind of selfish, but I know a lot of people have the same thing.


Why am I stuck at a 17,000 followers on Instagram? Stuck man, like I, I just got, I was at like 16.9, then I went to Invest Fest, And I got to 17, but then Yep. But I've been at 16 forever. Yep. Why am I stuck? So Man, beautiful question and I'll try to give the the short version of the answer. What we know of I Instagram has changed dramatically. And I would say the CEO has been dropping the nuggets of it, but I'll try to tie it all together. The first thing is we gotta remember how did we use to grow? So there's pretty much organic growth, which would come through the form of people sharing your content primarily to their group of friends.


And in the second part, I'm not talking about paid, right? But the second part is what I would call algorithmic. So this is usually hashtags, keywords, or different things that will get you on the search tab or the explore tab. At this point, a lot of us, if we don't play the second part of the game, right, if we're only counting on our core audience to distribute us, we end up in sort of a loop of the same people seeing the same things, sharing it to the same people, and they've already made a decision on whether they're gonna follow us or not. So your follower base might be 17,000, your awareness base may be 10 x that, right? So there may be easily enough people that's like, oh, I've seen brother's face, I, I'm familiar with him, but it is isn't worth the follow, right?


So the question becomes how do we play the algorithmic game so that we can disproportionately grow at this current stage and we're in in late 2024. What Instagram has said is we're maximizing, we're prioritizing reach over everything. What I hear that to mean is some of our more niche based content or some of our more brand based content is dead on arrival. If you don't play to the mass audience, you're gonna have a hard time getting people to stop long enough to follow you. So now let's look at a couple of triggers that get you to the masses. One is music. So if you can catch a trend or start a trend at the right time, what does that mean?


I've seen that typically if you can see a song or audio that's growing but it's under 10,000 plays but it appears to be growing, I try to catch that wave and ride it to 20, 30, a hundred thousand or if you have the ability to start something. So you're probably tired of this, but we we're a couple weeks away from very demure, very mindful, right? If you can be the person at the forefront of something like that, then every time a person goes to search for the origin or the history of this, they got a dis a disproportionate amount of chance of landing back in front of you. So it gets a little lengthy, but for most of us, we're making too broad. I'm sorry, too tight of content. We're talking to a certain group of people. We're talking to them in a more familiar term when we need to be talking more to the masses in a more general language.


So my follow up to that I think will bless some people. So there's two questions there for me. There's one, yeah, I want to be seen by more people. I want more people to know who I am just for general awareness purposes. Yes, factual. I would love to be at 20, 30, 40,000 plus followers. I'm at 17 today. I can't complain about that. But the other thing is also not to be so focused on those numbers because sometimes the right people following you, even if you don't have a whole bunch of people following you, also matters. I've gotten opportunities with my smaller amount of followers just 'cause the right people are following. Yep. So as an entrepreneur, somebody who's using this for business objectives, and I'm not trying to be flute out You know why does this matter, Man?


Beautiful. And, I, And, I will, I'll go to our origin. You were one of the people of influence that caught me at the budding phase, right? So I had to look into our notes. You first reached out to me in 2019. Oh wow. Yeah. So apologies for the five year lag. But I say that to say you were one of those people in my world that were the right people following me before I became Instagram famous. And when you're in that space, these people have already built platforms that you can stand on and these people already have sort of voices and megaphones to amplify whatever it is that you're communicating. So to anyone that's in both of those spaces, if you're feeling like, dang, I'm still struggling to grow And I, don't know if I got the right mix of people following, this is where asking something And, Don don't mean call to action in a generic form, but I mean it in a genuine form.


Ask something and see what you get back. Ask for the share, ask for the introduction. Ask for the opportunity to collaborate and see what that sort of conversation starts to brew. And then the last part of it is, and this is sort of a compliment to what you were saying, will the dms are magical, bro. There's a lot of stuff that we just can't do on platform. It's not the right space to be open conversation to the public, but the right, right time private message with with like, like positive intent, it opens up a world of opportunities. So how attentive should we be for what it appears Instagram, particularly Instagram.


And then we'll talk about other things. I also, I'm talk about your story but to, yeah. When Instagram is, appears to be testing things, like right now you see, if you go to your dms, you see now a time the stories kind of in the dms, like You know I can write a note. Yep. I still don't understand what the heck that thing is. But how, if I'm trying to grow, should I be paying attention to those new features? So can I, lemme add that contextual. If we simplify the buyer's journey or most people are calling a funnel into like three core steps. You gotta get some awareness. People can't buy what they've never heard of. You need some level of trust, some level of additional information consideration, and then you need the final purchase and or subsequent purchases.


What I think is most of us overlook how many people we need in phase one, just pure awareness, right? And then when you go to phase two, what you just asked me is a two to three sort of a phase two to phase three strategy. At this point, I wouldn't be so to any one platform that we neglect all of the things that we should be doing to move people down that path to purchase. And it might look like that pop-up note as a gentle reminder of staying top of mind at a minimum. What I like about stories, what I like about DM notes is that it brings you back to the forefront and you're like, oh, I do owe will a follow up or I was just adding that to my cart because I don't know if you have kids, but one of the craziest things that we find from research is we be about to buy something and then kid does something and we Right?


Yeah, you distracted. And the best of intentions for something that you've been wanting to do takes two more weeks before you get the mental sort of focus to then click the button. So the number one thing that I would be doing is saying, what are the strategies that allow me to stay top of mind? 'cause people buy when they ready to buy, not when we ready to sell. So you have a corporate background. And so what about social? If you can tell a You know brief story about your corporate background and think what piqued your interest about social and and what was that opportunity you saw that you took advantage of to, to become the Marty Wood we are today? Yeah. So for my, my my quickest way to sum this up is I'm the smart dude from the hood, right?


So I was that kid that had great grades, did athletics, but it was more of a means to an end, got to college and was excelling. But I didn't quite have that direction. I was between corporate finance and marketing. I met a guy who went on to become a mentor and he said, man, if you got the financial chops to do corporate finance, investment banking, you'll thrive in marketing. Because it's not just the creative things. You are the person that's running the business. You need to have that analytical rigor and that creative muscle. Cool, almost 10 years in corporate And, I. See this thing taking off that I'll just call direct to consumer. I'm coming from big corporate, you guys, so we're talking paper made ink pens, number one, ink PenFed brand in The World pedigree dog food number one dog food brand in The World, great go baby products.


So the car seats business so you're so disconnected from the people. Our customer was Walmart, Amazon, we call the final purchaser the consumer You. know what I mean? But as a person who's sitting here with both minds thinking the, the, the employee in me is thinking about how do I do my job? The aspiring entrepreneur is thinking there's no more red tape, right? I don't have to do all of this bureaucratic stuff to get a concept from out of my brain into the market, whether if we can just put some out in front of folks and get straight to the interaction, whether that be a sale or follow or whatever it is that we're looking for.


So I was sort of on the front end of it, but we, I I didn't have a magic ball. I didn't, I did not foresee it becoming this big this fast because I started college right at the start of Facebook. And so my initial introduction to social media was flirting with girls. It was never right. Coming up with products and services and going direct to consumer. But once I was sort of seasoned in business, I realized the power And I sort of went full steam ahead in this area. So I saw this meme today and this is this, I'm gonna tell you what this question is for. This question is an opportunity for you to talk about how you the truth. So I'm gonna give you that. And so I saw this meme and it said just like an hour or two ago, I should have screenshotted it, but it said, anybody that's making $80,000 a month is not gonna be on Instagram teaching you how to make $80,000 a month.


They're gonna be trying to sell you something to that you can make sure they can make it at 80,000 a month. And so talk about how you are, you are actually providing value and yeah, this might be a, this might be a source of income for you, but you are actually providing value. Yeah. So I would, I would like to say I sit at the intersection of a person who is got a certain level of education, be it high school, college, it could be advanced education, and then the market itself. And you're sitting here and you're trying to figure out, do I go get a job or if I have a job, like what do I then do with my extra income, my extra time or these creative endeavors that I have in my mind?


'cause I don't really know how to get this from my brain to final thing You know what I mean? So understanding that dynamic, like there's a huge gap between, I'll give it another way. I say the, the college took career pipeline is corroded. It used to be almost a promise that if you went somewhere applied yourself, it was for sure to get you a job. Now that's not the case. And if it does get you a job, it ain't for sure to get you the one in your major or in your desired field of study. Or even better, you could advance quicker going outside the organization than in, than through the organization in some respects because the old way things were done, your manager had to walk you through something and you go through training.


And now I just get on YouTube University, And, I, don't have to wait the two weeks to get one-on-one time with my, my, my line manager or my di You know the person directly above me. So what I'm doing is taking this information, synthesizing it, and saying, Hey, whether you are again working and, and you got extra capacity or whether you're out here as a full-time entrepreneur, let's get you further faster using all this stuff that I done learned and aggregate it over the last 15 years. And that's sort of the corner of the internet that I occupy. Unfortunately. I also occupy that with people who are just extremely charismatic, really good at sales. But the thing that they've created may not be of substance. They're just playing a marketing psychology game.


So I'm more of a marketer than a salesperson. I try to study people, see what they need, create the thing and let You know that it's available. But I don't have a lot of things after you saying not right now, or this isn't for me. I don't have a bunch of creative ways to overcome those objections. I just hope I get it right by doing my research. So my, my question, my next question is like, who are you specifically speaking to? So here's, here's my per my personal mission, and I've talked about it on this podcast a couple times. Look, my personal mission is to create content and opportunities for black people, black entrepreneurs to real help them realize entrepreneurial success beyond their wildest dreams. So everything I do is pointed to help black people realize entrepreneurial success beyond their wildest dreams.


Wow. If I were to provide an opportunity for you to say what, who's Marty speaking to and why is he speaking to them? What is that mission for you? Yeah. And and it's changed. So I'm gonna give you the old And, I'll let You know where I'm bridging to. Mine wasn't that dialed in on a market, it was more so how do I create content that runs around the internet, runs up your bank account without being online all day. Like you don't have to be glued to your phone if you're a content and or marketing endeavors are working on your behalf. What that led to though was for most people, what's what ends up being burnout. Even with my best of intentions, it's so competitive for attention that I'm saying post three to five times per day not to drag you.


I'm saying post three to times per three to five times per day because you have to develop a discipline and you may be coming from a non-communication background. Like I read in your story, you came from radio, right? That's right. So you understand a certain level of communication that might not, that rule may not be for you. But if you've been working as a dental hygienist who's now an aspiring fashion designer, you've never learned how to communicate a message that aspires a person to take action. So I spent the first five years of my life trying to talk to that person who had a breakdown between, how do I say this stuff in order to get where I'm going. My next phase is talking to the people to say, man, listen, I went out and and surveyed the land.


Some things are good, a lot of things aren't. You need to build a life that you want first and then build a business that's around it. So if you say, I want spend more time with my kids, or if you say I want to be retired by 50, right? What is the life you wanna live now? Let's get you into a box of what business best sits. Situates that versus the other way around. We never make time for life when we build a business first. And I've done my fair share of like pushing the grind, although well intentioned and now I'm in a space where I'm, I'm trying to talk to the more holistic human and entrepreneurship is just a facet of what we do. Coming soon to prime video, you can Call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson, detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best.


And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Kler thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So want stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're Gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross, I learned to dress his gut against S'S head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself.


Cross a new original series only on Prime video. November 14th.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid, kid-friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Have you Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article or sensitive personal information about your family search engines. Don't always get it right, for right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. One of the most trusted names and online reputation repair Reputation Defender has been fixing people's search results for over 15 years. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff so that it rises to the top, helping you put your best foot forward. Your good name is too valuable to leave to the whims of a Google algorithm. Take control with Reputation Defender. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert. That's 808 1 1 49 75.


Fall is in the air. And that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews where natural and affordable, well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic allgas slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim. Seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part, when you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class, perfect for date night or girls night, apple picking or game day. We are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


For someone, somebody out there, him, I'm talking to me for someone out there who You know the guy. I put it this way. Like Gary Chu has this thing, You know create document. Don't create And I. I appreciate that sentiment. And, I'm an entrepreneur for businesses. And, I have a personal brand and all these things. The majority of my day is sitting in front of a computer the large majority of my day. And I'm like, I don't know what to post. Like sitting in front of my computer is not interesting. And how so for people who are like, my day is not, I don't live in New York, I don't live in la I don't live in Chicago. It's not always beautiful and scenic. And, I don't always have You.


know the vibe. Like I'm not, it's not always that way. My life doesn't look like that. How do I know what to post when I'm constantly saying, no, this is not interesting. Yep, I love it. So I think a couple different things. And sometimes, we'll we just have a, we know more people like ourselves and they become the folks that we're testing these concept off even if we never talk to them. So you're looking to your left and you're right and you're like, man, my brother don't wanna watch this. Right? My my business partner don't wanna watch this. But on the flip side to that kid, remind me, Toledo, yeah, Toledo, Ohio, Right? So that kid in Toledo who has no idea how to leave Toledo and be in one metropolitan city one day in another metropolitan city the next day, they don't know what that looks like.


How do you ju how do you juggle time zones? How do you manage your calendar? How do you review somebody's business presentation and also send one over to somebody, right? They don't know. So I think there's a literal form of document and or capture what you're doing. But then there's another piece that says, what if I were to block out my, my, my schedule for the next week and say, what are the three critical things that I'm gonna get do, I'm gonna get done that. If a person wants to walk a similar walk and what are the substeps? So how do you get booked to speak in front of 20,000 people? And then what does it look like from multiple vantage points camera behind you seeing what you see camera in front of you, seeing what they see and merging that story to say this is Will when he's at Invest Fest or this is me when I'm interviewing three people for my podcast.


So I think don't sell yourself short that the, your peer might not want to see it, right? Yeah. But the person aspiring or the person that's saying, I don't even know how I get on these platforms. They may want to love to hear the backstory of how they end up being able to be interviewed by you. So I think those things are critical. I'd also push and say for the next phase of it, and this is we just done got old, but again, if you got kids, nieces and nephews, they've been watching YouTube of kids playing games and making slime and doing things that we didn't do growing up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wanted to play baseball, not watch people play it. That's right. Right. And so that level of voyeurism, but from a positive side, I think that's only gonna become more intensive over the next few years.


So don't sell short that it might be helpful to just set up a streaming camera and then come back on the editing side and show what it looks like to put in eight hours of focus work. That's super good. So I don't believe tech companies particularly love me. And. I mean just in general. Us. Us. They don't love us. They create things to create You know opportunity for them. And so what, here's what I mean by that more specifically. I remember when we opened Toll House here. Toll House is a private social club that we own that I own myself and my wife obviously black owned. 'cause I'm black And I. Remember when we signed up for Google to be on Google business, I remember getting things in the mail that said, You know if you're a black owned business, add that to your Google profile.


And I'm like, I'm not gonna do that. And so I never added it to my Google profile. Yep. And then I remember as time goes on the coffee house, we have a coffee house here and we're the number, so if you Google in Toledo coffee houses, coffee shops, we show up first and my conspiracy, my 10 10 hat person, my my Alex Jones where it says like, if I, if I would had black owned on there, I wouldn't be showing up number one. And so my question is, this is for black founders, small business owners. What? And I'm not asking you to agree with that statement, that's just a a no no, you're fine. Conspiracy thing that I believe is what unique challenges do we have when we're trying to grow online?


Man, we got a lot of them, right? And so I would say if we break it down into, let's call it the business strategy side. So getting the right idea, getting the right business model, all those things. Then if we get into the management and scale part, and then probably pur financials, we got issues and opportunities in all three. Number one being how do I start the right business? A lot of us are starting businesses with low to no barrier to entry, which in some respects it's all upside because you don't have to invest a lot to get proof of concept in other respects, you're literally moving into a dead end street.


Like people have went into these industries determined that the market isn't as big or isn't as viable, which is why it is low to no barriers to entry. And so to no fault of your own more so ignorance, you're starting something that doesn't make a lot of sense at scale. Right? So that, that first part could be covered through coaching and mentorship, assuming that we can remove the, the the the sort of like the, the praying of people that happens over there. The second phase, which is how do we manage, run and scale? And it's connected to the third phase. This one is one of our hardest challenges because it's expensive to go out and grab and retain top talent.


Yeah. But it's even more expensive to try to run a business without top talent. And so you end up where you typically have very strong founders who are working way more lateral across the business to overcompensate for the, the mid to lower management that just doesn't have the chops or don't have the resources. 'cause we don't have the money to go out and recruit and go out and do what some of these big companies do. And that's why I say it's connected to the third piece. We typically see what it's like to get starting funding, seed funding some of the preliminary investment money, but we don't see what it's like to get continuous money for growth. Yeah. And some of our favorite companies, they were able to run the red for 5, 7, 10, 12 years.


Well if we came up with a business right now and the person said pay us back in 10 years, I think we can figure it out. That's right. You know what I mean? And who's gonna give you money after you haven't paid back the first set of people. That's right. That's right. Because they still see the vision and you can be like, gimme five more years. You. know what I mean? Because when you do that, it smooth lines it out. It makes up for some of the innovations that don't do well or some of the mismanagement and mishaps. But for us, we gotta turn a profit so quick. Right? Factual a person, you get money from a black person, they want to know how fast do I get my money back? Right? And, and, and God forbid you're working in a business that has to hold strong cash. So if you've got high amount of of plant property equipment or, or inventory where things where your business may be strong, but a lot of it is just tied up in working capital, we tend to struggle.


And so then we go back to stage one and say, can I start a different type of business that doesn't have those downstream issues? And then we end up ballooning where all of us are just consultants for each other.


Coming soon to prime video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're theBest. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So wanna sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of the masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross, I learned to dress his gut, get inside's head, the clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime video. November 14th.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest steal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Have you Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article or a sensitive personal information about your family search engines Don't always get it right, for right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. One of the most trusted names and online reputation repair Reputation Defender has been fixing people's search results for over 15 years. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff so that it rises to the top, helping you put your best foot forward. Your good name is too valuable to leave to the whims of a Google algorithm. Take control with Reputation Defender. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert. That's 808 1 1 49 75.


Fall is in the air. And that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews where natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT Cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


Did You know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company You know and love. Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Toms, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges. And our iconic Alpr forgot slip-ons. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on clouds Made for play. Our kids line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them. A win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


A lot of your content I've enjoyed because you, you spit game You know like nobody's business. But you also show a little bit of your personal side. You're into, you have different hobbies, which I enjoyed seeing that side of you also, but th at the end of the day, I imagine you could probably have a private account if you weren't trying to drive business. 'cause what's, what's the point? Otherwise, how would you recommend people who have small businesses Yeah. Treat their content. Whether I'm trying to You know sell things or just You know create things that get me in the newsfeed that yeah, And I the things that I'm trying to sell these I'm probably won't get me in the newsfeed probably.


Yep. Yep. So I think and, and, and, and, and you, I don't even know like you, I can't explain the all you, you just threw me. 'cause it goes back to the origin of where we started, which I'll call the news social media versus the old And I. I haven't said this live anywhere yet. We'd be better off treating all of social media just like awareness. Yeah. And not trying to convert anymore at this point. Like there will be some conversions that take place. But what if you tripled your effort on awareness, you need to also have a product or service that isn't tied to geographic boundaries. So a lot of brick and mortal struggle struggles because you can't control where this content spills out once it lands and does well.


So even if you have a restaurant, you better have a recipe book. You better have some seasonings, something that you can port and sell because the content knows no geographic bounds, right? So I would say those that have a service-based business or the ability to ship products, they can win a disproportionate amount of it from there. Now let's stay top of mind, top of like top of funnel content and look at doing the traditional old things like text message marketing, email marketing, and to a degree DM marketing to get to that middleman at middle and bottom funnel. So I think about the, the phases of awareness and create content around that.


So a person who is not problem aware, meaning they don't even know that something's wrong all the way to a person who is problem aware, but they're just sort of trying to make a decision on who to buy from. I tell a person who was starting today put a disproportionate 70, if not 80% of your content needs to be top of funnel focused. And then you need to convert them off of social, which is counter to what I've been saying for the last five to seven years. And that's, that is 100% based on looking at the algorithm change. So when I look at my most recent nine posts, 60, 65% of them are landing on strangers.


Great for reach, horrible for conversion, For people who own businesses that aren't necessarily sexy. Let's say I got a a carpet cleaning business or I'm a, I'm a big company. I'm we doing hundreds of millions and we have You know, just non-sexy whatever. Pick your non-sexy Yep. Non-sexy category. And they want to go create an Instagram TikTok account. My thought is, okay, why would I wanna follow you? So you have a corporate background and you're now at this company, You know Joe's You know metal bending fa fabrication place. You're now the CMO. Yep. You're going to create, give him a social strategy.


What is, what is ma thinking in that capacity? Yeah, I love it. I think we're seeing it happen. Founder led stories is probably how I would attack those type of businesses. So I'm ma and I'm on the journey to build MA's metal bending company. It's less about here's how you fabricate metals and here's how, how the, the the, the fire needs to get, 'cause that ain't, to your point, I'm not following that, but the journeys of ups and downs of mighty doing this. And I'm going to go look for a building and I'm putting in a bid. And, I got outbid and I'm gonna stay prayerful and I'm using my my brothers wood shack to those stories.


The brand story, the story of the person and or people building it is how I will win over the hearts and minds of people. And I just supplement that we actually are really, really good at what we do in the backdrop of the story. So I would say it's less about showing the metal or the glass cleaning or the grass cutting and more about the the character, character of the person that's doing this and taking people on those journeys. Now what I would for non-sexist businesses, And I don't wanna leave my people who have brick and mortar isolated. I would augment their stuff with paid because you can get very targeted to a group of people with geographic boundaries.


And that would be a stronger way for them to grow on social than to play the traditional organic game to where it spills out into anybody. We can draw a, a fence, a digital fence around a hundred miles around Toledo with people who got various interests. And then we can set up a set of rules if they've seen this piece of content, show them that piece of content. And subsequent sort of strategies from there For folks who, like when we we're talking about my personal mission, which is You know black entrepreneurs help them create You know business beyond their wildest dreams. You said you think about yours, your efforts differently. We're often taught You know, you gotta think about who is my niche? Who who is my target audience?


And focus your thing talking to that person. Build an avatar of what they look like. What did they eat? What did they eat for breakfast this morning? All these things. Yep. For should we be thinking the same way about our presence on social? Like who am I posting to? Who am I talking to every time I post? For sure. Absolutely. I think it will help, it'll help drive that content. Now let's go back real quick 'cause I i, I gotta do it for the listeners. When we get into targeting, targeting follows segmentation. Segmentation is just a fancy way of saying how do I organize these people into meaningful groups? And typically we have a love affair with demographic segmentation, age, sex, marital status, income.


We typically inadvertently neglect behavioral and psychographic or what lifestyle and what phase in their life may they be in. So I'm aware that my new positioning is gonna isolate a disproportionate amount of entrepreneurs. 'cause they like Marty, I I ain't got enough money yet to be self-care And, I ain't got enough money yet to be dreaming enough my life, I'm fighting for my life. Right? But as I'm move into a different space of, of being okay with the fact that I'm leading leaders and serving people who are already serving people, that's where I'm evolving to And I gotta make space for the next person that can coach you on day-to-day content. But I'm more so like how do we help will accelerate this mission? 'cause you can hit a hundred million people with the airwaves.


Now let's, if I help you, you, you, you get what I'm saying? Yeah. But I help the listeners. So the first part is thinking about segmentation broadly and making sure we then prioritize it the right way. The analogy I give and don't let me lose the back end of the question will, yeah. When you go to shop, there are some people who go online. Let's say you're looking for a black hoodie. Some people go to their favorite website and just type black hoodie. Other people follow the clicks. They go to mail, they go black, they go hoodie, they go two x right? So it is that same thing. You gotta figure out the best order of operations for you. And then that informs who we're making the content for. So as you see the next sort of 12 to 18 months unfold for me as I'm talking more to the person that wants to build their life.


And then the business falls it. You'll see me show showing my life that way. So part of me showing the hobby, or you'll see me showing the leadership team meetings. You'll see me not working, but the business still doing well. Well how are you doing this? Oh, we've designed the company this way and I'm, I want to attract the people that are saying I desire to spend more time doing things other than working. It seems like it's working for you. Tell me more. That's a perfect segue to my, my next thought here is 'cause You know when I was just getting deep into social You know, we heard a lot about And. I won't like talk about who the names are that said it. 'cause it might have been true at the time is You know you should be more narrowly focused because when people click on your profile, they wanna know what are you about.


But if you all over the place, they don't know where to put you. And people are not thinking as deeply about you as you might think they're thinking about you. And so what I appreciate about a lot of your content, and now I can see Marty You know birdwatching and taking photos of birds and who know, who knew. The older I get the more interested I am and my bird feeder is full. 'cause I'm actually watching it now because it, which Is why Yeah, for sure, for sure. I'm like, oh man, they've been out of food. I gotta go get the Lowe's real quick and get them some bird food. So my question here is for somebody who has a lot of interests, even entrepreneurial interests, I have four businesses even. So it's, even if it's not just hobbies, but if I got several businesses or it's several hobbies and businesses, how do I still define myself quickly to somebody who's not spending 10 minutes on my profile, they just clicking through and say, is he interesting or is he not?


Man. So bro, it's, it's, it's it's, there's a lot of sub-questions inside of this. So again, I'm gonna start and then help me if I drift off. You good? The first thing is they were absolutely spot on and they're still spot on as it relates to your social strategy and the niche. I think if you want to maximize reach and or let's say game the system maximize the greatest return on social, the tighter the focus, the quicker it is for the algorithm to understand who you are, what you talk about, and distribute it to people with similar interests. However, it doesn't necessarily account for how we purchase. We don't just buy linearly.


And so there's this dynamic between how do I stay tightly wound to, to one niche versus give more of who I am. Right? If a person was starting with zero followers a day, I would not tell them to do the strategy that I'm using. But if a person is at a spot where their life or their business has matured, then yeah, they can, they can move into a broader strategy. So that would be my first answer. The second thing is, and this is the tough part, if you have multiple interests, you can either treat your, you're probably still gonna need multiple pages. Hmm. And you just decide, am I gonna treat my main page like the river that pours into the others? And so again, over the next sort of year to year and a half, you'll see me doing that.


Ma would, the person is entirely too dynamic to be placed into one box. But I got some feeder pages that I've built. So if you want to get really surgical on content, what light we use, what mic, what editing technique, there'll be a page and that's all it teaches. Wow. If you like, what is this hobby, this bird journey talking about, you want to go talk about babe breasted warblers, I got you over there. And, and my main page will sort of be more of a switchboard and more of a just sort of who this person holistically. But that's also gonna come at the expense of, of some of that growth that if you were to just stay laser focused And, I'm okay with that. Yeah. That, that last point I want to go in there because even if it's not, even if it's bifurcated on one platform, let's say it's not bifurcated one, but let's say now I gotta manage Instagram.


Now I gotta manage TikTok. Yep. Now I gotta manage Facebook still, which is still a behemoth even though it's Beth still a behemoth and all these other things. XI don't pay a ton of attention. You know business wise to X or Twitter, whatever, whatever you wanna call it. But for a small business owner influencer, maybe not so much, but small business owners, how do they determine where to spend the most time and effort, limited resources to put into this time and money or personnel? What, what do I do here? So the first part is, I'm gonna say it is gonna depend on how big they want to grow the pie, right? Like big am I building big, I wanna be Big.


Yeah. So then we gotta, we gotta do, we gotta do it in a staged approach like big companies do. And so the first part is there's no way around those first few years of you chasing everything that's coming left and right. Mm. But if you are a little bit savvier, let's say you already seasoned in business, you need to figure out am I a business dev person? Do I have the ability to grow sales, come up with ideas that work? Or am I a business ops person where I fulfill the promises that this sales person just made to people? The quicker You know where to put yourself, the quicker You know where do I start the hiring process? So as I've grown, I know I'm a business dev person, so I had to hire a operations person to make sure all of these things get done.


'cause I'm gonna be out here fancying up some new concept and forget I gotta be somewhere at four o'clock, right? Yeah. Just that, that, that part of my, my brain. So I would say the heart, me, me, the hard consultant would be, Hey, look, these first couple years gonna kick your butt, but then here's what you need to do. You got to start to build and replace. 'cause you can't be all things to all people. And then I, I'd be remiss if I didn't say how much the impact, one of my best friends and clients, her name is Connie s Falls, she runs the operational systems company. And this is the policies, the processes, the procedures, how do we do everything? So when Will does a podcast interview at four, what is Riverside?


What Mikes what likes, all that stuff need to be written down so that if you are just walking in right at four, somebody can do all that for you. Or if you're absent and you need a guest host, they can follow a step-by-step framework in order to do exactly what you do and get a 80, 85% success rate. The rest of it can be made up with coaching. So I think we have, a lot of us have personal brand businesses and lifestyle businesses, and we don't think of them as being a separate entity from ourselves or bigger than ourselves. So the first challenge is you gotta be thinking about it that way. And when you start writing out and sort of writing out what needs to be done, you need to write out who is the best person to do this.


And then that keeps you in the, the process of thinking about the business that way. Love that. For PI have three questions left and I'm, I'm gonna give 'em to you in a way that you're good, bro. Yeah. So for if you were to distill this conversation in the three points, we've had a good conversation here. There's small business owners, there's corporations listening to this, employees listening to this. If they only remember three things and they didn't, they couldn't rewind. 'cause their phone that that button just don't work on their Android. Why they got an Android, I don't know. But they, that rewind button didn't work. They, you won't let them leave with three things. What are those three things? They gotta get outta this conversation? The first thing would be social media is the most disruptive form of innovation since the television.


We read legacy stories about people sending wires or the radio. But when you talk to anybody and most of them are still living. When you get into the era of the television and color and cable, et cetera, it disproportionately disrupted how business was done. And the internet is still relatively speaking in its infancy. That's first. So prioritize social media because everything else you need is here. The research, the sales, the community, the connections, et cetera. That would be the number one thing. Number two thing is when you're building a business, you have to, it's fundamental that you spend more time thinking about who are the people and what are the problems than thinking about what product can I build?


I need to know who they are because that then leads me to the products and the messaging. Most of us, we do it the other way around. We assume The. World is like us. We build what we want and what we need, and then we scream from the top of our lungs about why people should buy sad things. But we don't. I would recommend you do it the other way around. So understand, social media is huge, so huge that if you find the right group of people, you can click in the comments and you can follow some folks and you can start to see, here are some problems. And if I can develop a product or service, I can, I got a business, I got a money opportunity. And then the third thing would be situate yourself in the right side of the business. Am I a person that can go out and make a sale every day?


Or am I a person that's going to swing the hammer and get the job done every day? Hire for all the other jobs that you aren't good at. Love it. This one is And I. Hate to ask two part questions, but is this you okay? I had to get a two part question. Questioning. It is, historically black people, black entrepreneurs don't spend enough money in marketing. We don't allocate enough when we start up. That's just, that's those of statistics. We just don't put enough money in marketing. And you talked about consistency posting three times a day, you said that's not always a rule, but it is. It is. It's by and large, you need to post that much. Yeah. What does consistency look like? So if I post Tuesday and then I'm, I, I may scroll on Wednesday, but then I posted again Friday morning, but then I posted again on Sunday and man, I posted a lot last week.


Is that a lot? Or it's like, should I be doing that noon, 3:00 PM and 7:00 PM Yeah. Beautiful question. I would tell folks, even though it's not all about sales, but this will help it make sense for folks post every day that you wanna make some money. Right? Are you comfortable with your money coming in? Every once in a while I'll post every once in a while. Right? But if you like You, know what, it'd be good to make some money in the morning. And then again, around lunch and then again, before I lay down, right? Then I, I orient my, my content. I love it. Schedule around that. That was a great one because all, all things, ultimately we hope they lead to sales. Whether I'm gaining awareness or nurturing or, or getting to a hardcore CTA or a conversion, we're sort of all moving in that direction.


So that would be my recommendation there. Beautiful. Did I cover the second part? That was, that was Great. That was great. Okay. The last one is, You know you obviously smart, you could be doing a lot of things. Why did you determine that you're gonna spend your time doing this work? Man, so I read somewhere that like all businesses are birthed out of some type of trauma. And oftentimes we're creating what we wish existed for us at some point in the, in the past. So what I learned early was that I'm really good at learning information and teaching it. And after working in corporate for close to 10 years and seeing the money and getting the prestige and all of the things that you would think light your spirit up, it came at the expense of this other thing that's been sort of nagging at me.


And so I didn't fully know what it looked like. I just knew that people call me all the time and ask me what I think about stuff, and then they'll go do exactly what I told them to do. Right? And then they'll hit me back and be like, Hey bro, this worked. Yeah, I didn't know this was consulting. I thought I was just putting homie own game You. know what I'm saying? So this allows me to, to, to selfishly do what I'm good at and feel good about. But in the other way, I fully understand where we're going as a people talking about us black folks. We've always been last in education, right? Hardest to be able to get to capital displaced by technology, the first right, the fastest.


So if I can share this stuff that I don't done went and got from these fancy universities, and if I can share this stuff that I learned at these fancy corporations, and even if I'm humble enough to share my entrepreneurial failures, I'll be able to help somebody overcome some of the things that I went through. All I gotta do is just be willing to share it. It just so happens that one of the byproducts is you can also make a living from it too. Man. Shit, Marty ordered. So glad you spent this time with me, man. This was great, Bro. Listen man, I i a again for, for hug. Cut this off if you need to, but I need people to understand what Grace looked like. 'cause you done extended me a lot of grace over the sort of evolution of our relationship.


We locked in. Thank you for the platform and thank you for the opportunity to share with your, with your, with your Audience. Keep doing what you're doing. And I'm, I'm so proud of you, And I. I'm having watched your growth and thank you. The sky is, sky ain't even the limit for what is well for you. Wow. Wow. So proud of you, man. Appreciate You brother. Absolutely. Thank you man. Absolutely. Black Tech Green Money is a production of Blavity Afro Tech on the Black Effect podcast network at NY Heart Media. It's produced by Morgan Deba and me Will Lucas with this digital production support by Kate McDonald, Sarah Ergen and Jada McGee. Special thank you to Micah Davis and Love Beach. Learn more about my guests and other Detective Disrupts and innovators@afrotech.com. The video version of this episode, we'll drop to Black Tech Green Money on YouTube.


So tap in. Enjoy your Black, Tech Green Money shit. This is somebody go get your money, peace and love.


Have you Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article? Search engines don't always get it right. For right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. Take control with Reputation Defender. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


I've been getting into the holiday spirit by listening to my favorite seasonal punk rock songs on a Sonos Move to speaker. It's a smart speaker and that's cool, but my favorite thing about it is that I could just lift it up off its charging cradle and take it anywhere in my house and it'll fill whatever room I'm in with sound. So whether I'm in the kitchen or the living room or my office, I can take the tunes with me and enjoy the highest quality sound I could ask for. Sonos has great gifts for everyone on your list. Visit sonos.com/techstuff to wrap up your holiday shopping. That's sonos.com/techstuff.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.