
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts. The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back, and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


So you wanna start a business? You might think you need a team of people and fancy tech skills, but listen to me when I say you don't. You just need GoDaddy Arrow. I'm Walton Goggins an actor, And I like the sound of starting my own business. Walton Goggins Goggle Glasses, but I couldn't do this on my own. GoDaddy Arrow uses AI to create everything you need to grow a business. It'll make you a unique logo, it'll create a custom website. It'll write social posts for you and even set you up with a social media calendar. How cool is that? Well listen to this. For a limited time, you can get arrow all access for just a dollar a week for 12 weeks. We're talking all the AI power of GoDaddy, arrow plus a domain, e-commerce store payments, professional email, a unified inbox, all for less money than I spend on deep tanning lotion while sunbathing off the Al Mafi coast. You know what, that sounds like a plan. Get started@godaddy.com. Terms apply.


My name is Jack Thomas, and you're listening to Black Lit, a podcast about black literature and the stories behind the storytellers. When we talk about early African American literature, it's easy to focus on books, the first novels, the first published poets. However, we now understand that the reality is much, much broader. Black literature in early America existed in letters, newspapers, and even songs. So you have to look beyond the obvious. And in these spaces we find some of the most profound stories of resilience, connection, and self definition.


It's the writings pass from hand to hand. Stories whispered from one to another, and sometimes it's a friendship written in ink held onto for decades surviving all odds. One such story can be told in The Letters between Phyllis Wheatley and Uber Tanner. Now, Phyllis wrote many, many letters to different people, but these letters written over the course of six years are very special. Their correspondence offers us a rear glimpse into friendship, faith, and an intellectual exchange between two black women who are enslaved at the height of the Revolutionary War.


I would never make a claim about a first African American anything in this period because there's a lot of, you know, oftentimes our ideas of, oh, what is the first novel to be written? Or the first story are those are in flux and change often. One thing I would say for black literature in general is that we can't understand black literature if we focus just on books. We have to look to other print, ma media. So much literature that's published in newspapers, for example, and, and or thinking about even songs and broad sides. There's a lot of other places where African American literature happens that aren't books.


Given how much the landscape for early African American literature has changed and shifted in the last couple of decades, the classes that I teach now just wouldn't be possible for undergrad me, because I wouldn't have had the things to do them. I wouldn't have had access to the same texts, I wouldn't have had access to the same resources. Every, you know, things are just different and, and and changing all the time. And sometimes there's a new rediscovery of a piece that shifts how we teach and what we teach it with. So those are super, super exciting. And one of the things that really kind of draws me to this field is that possibility.


There's always possibility in the black archive. What is interesting and beautiful about these letters between these two black women, between these two slaves to be exact, is that they share something beyond the ideas of survivor mode. They were building a sisterhood while The World was burning literally around them. The war wasn't some distant unfathomable conflict, it was smoldering right outside of their front doors, impossible to ignore. But through all of this chaos, Phyllis and Uber kept writing, kept sharing, both very aware of The World around them, the community that they were building, the care for each other, and the importance of communicating The closeness of their relationship.


I think that really comes out of The Letters. And when you contrast them with other letters she wrote, it's not that she doesn't say what she thinks in her letters, it's just that there's another dimension to that relationship that we don't get to see elsewhere. And it should suggest to us that she is not alone. That she has a, well, I call it a cohort, a community. That the idea that she could only have done this if she had been isolated, which was kind of standard in the literature for a long time, that she could only have been as studious and as much of a, as conversant with Anglo-American literary culture if she had not been part of a enslaved and African community.


I think that's nonsense. Like why can't we imagine that she was code switching? Why can't we imagine that she had a whole range of audiences and interlocutors? And that's one of the things I wanna convey and how sensitive she is to who she's talking about and dealing with. We're talking about someone who has had a cosmopolitan experience. We have no idea what her life was like before. She's eight. But many people who are in the slave trade have experienced a lot of locations and are moved around a lot before they end up where they end up. And she's highly likely one of those people, even though she's only about eight years old when she gets to Boston. And Boston is a place where that's 10 to 15% African when she gets there.


And there's a, a particularly been an upswing of importation. So there are a lot of enslaved people her age, and a lot of those people are from different parts of West Africa. And she knows that there are a lot of different ways to connect to people. And so rather than see her as having converted to a dominant culture, I see her as someone who has realized that culture is multiple and that there are different languages and she's adept at learning them. So I argue that the, that the Neoclassical literature is particularly important to her, and that's not, instead of the Christian stuff, it's in addition to and in relationship to it. So if we think of those two things as languages that she's completely able to riff on so quickly, why would we think that she doesn't have others that don't necessarily come out in the poetry, but that we might get glimpses of in letters or we might get glimpses of from knowing who she's talking to and where she was.


So the political languages are, are others for me. So what does this have to do with Oor? Isn't it interesting that they talk about their, you get glimpses into their mutual friends and it's certainly clear that Phyllis had traveled to Newport probably several times and that, and her first poem is published in the newspaper there. So there's some relationship between Newport and Boston and and religious folks and others there. It's clear that she knows some of the people that OBO knows and that they're aware that there are people who travel between Newport and Boston and Connecticut. So she's part of these wider black networks which are connected to the Wheatleys networks and ministers and other folks, you know, who are referred to who carry The Letters.


Mr. Babcock's, servant Ebenezer, Pemberton. People who I were able to point to as being who they were. I definitely like to think about them as being in community. But even more than that, like what really interests me is the kind of, there's a tension between the public and private. On the one hand, these letters between Uber Tanner and Phyllis Wheatley have this air of intimacy because it's in the genre of the letter. But then there's also this kind of public performative part of it because there wasn't an expectation that this correspondence would just stay between two people. And so then I'm thinking like, so what were the real conversations like between Luther, Hannah and Phyllis movie?


Like, that's what I wanna know. So anyway, that's kind of what I think about the relationship between the two, that there's some part of it that we gotta think about, think about as an element of performativity. And then there's some part of it that's more intimate and like I, I can't know which is which. The Letters are an interesting glimpse into American colonial landscape through the eyes of a friendship between two black women who are also enslaved at times. Phyllis Wheatley, who's based in Boston, and Uber Tanner who is based in Newport. And what we find by way of their letters is that at various points, they are made refugees.


Boston is under siege. So Wheatley has to leave in 1775, Newport will be under siege by the end of 1776, and Uber channel has to leave Newport. So I think the Revolutionary War is a big deal to them, especially since they're living in places where the Revolutionary War is happening. It's not an abstract idea, it's not a theoretical problem, it's a real life problem. I would also say that what is important is, is the friendship as they articulate it, because there are a number of stories, a number of answers to questions that we just can't get because they already know one another.


So questions like, how do they meet? I have no idea. And any of the other kind of background question. Background, The Letters don't provide answers to that. But what The Letters do do is kind of dig into their friendship. There is a theory that they met on the passage coming over, which would have solidified their connection. John Wheatley was a merchant by trade. The two families could have crossed paths at some point, perhaps in Newport or any other number of possibilities. The mystery on how their friendship was initially formed will remain just that a mystery.


But the sentiment and the words she chose to send to Uber can be felt and are meaningful. Considering there was a war going on and all of the other circumstances, there was definitely a sense to write with sincerity and intention. On July 19th, 1772. Wheatley writes, Dear Uber, I have received your kind letter and I'm glad to hear of your welfare. I have been in disposed for some time past, but through divine goodness, I am somewhat better.


At present. I hope the correspondence between us will continue, which may have the happy effect of improving our mutual friendship till we meet in the region of consummate blessedness. Let us endeavor by the assistance of divine grace to live the life and we shall die the death of the righteous. May this be our happy case. I am dear friend, your affectionate sister. This phrase draws from numbers 2310 in the Bible where Baum expresses a desire to die.


The death of the righteous Wheatley uses this reference to emphasize her aspiration for a virtuous life leading to a blessed afterlife. She expresses her appreciation for Tanner's friendship and emphasizes the importance of maintaining their correspondence to strengthen their bond. She reflects on her recent illness and conveys her hope that with divine assistance they will lead righteous lives together and ultimately attain eternal happiness and we shall die the death of the righteous.


This letter highlights Wheatley's deep spirituality, her relationship with the Bible and the value she placed on enduring friendships. They wrote to hold on to each other, to carve out a space where their voices mattered. And we know that it mattered because Uber cherished this exchange. She held onto it for nearly half a century because they were important to her. And perhaps she also knew how important they would be for others in the future. For us, The Letters go from 1772 to 1779, and Uber Tanner holds on to The Letters until the early 1830s until right before she, she dies and then she gives them to her pastor's wife.


And I think, I think that that's an important kind of testament to the relationship that she has with Wheatley and also her own sense of her legacy and wanting to make sure that Wheatley's story is told alongside her own. So she hands off The Letters to her pastor's wife, Kevin Eats Cher, who 30 years later, And I think it's 1863, gives them to her nephew in-law who then gives them to Charles Dean, who works at the Massachusetts Historical Society, which is why we can read The Letters today. This was more than just a friendship, more than even sisterhood.


This was legacy building. Wheatley wasn't just writing to connect, she was playing chess in a world that tried to keep her off the board. She sent poems to people in power, not just because she believed in them, but because she wanted to be seen. She knew the value of her work, she knew that her words had the strength of immortality. She knew she was worthy, and she very well knew the game Well. Why did she choose to write Washington? She could have created poetry and she could have, you know, wrote to other people.


Why did she choose to write the, the Secretary of North America, who was this dude England sit over to be like the, you know, the person responsible for all of North America? Why did she use George Whitfield's rhetoric in the early, in 1770 to write one of our most popular poems and then specifically take that poem and send it to the Countess of Hutton, who is Hastings in order to kind of get a financial beneficiary and to get someone, she had rhetorical goals, aims and desires and strategy. So a lot of us think when she writes these people, and you know, some of these people are slave owners and she's not saying anything about slavery.


She's not, it's all about like Christianity. I think that a lot of it was her trying to, to get herself in front of people who she felt had some power, right? And she kind of knew, I was thinking about how power is gonna be played out, whether or not England was in, in control of North America, or whether or not the Americans would be in control of North America, whomever, right? She wanted to put herself in front of those people, perhaps that she would be the example, right? You know, an African person willing to be part of the colonial American society, part of the American society post-revolution. And one vein, but also too in this sense that, you know, she felt that she had something to say, not necessarily for those people at that particular time, but for us, right?


And one of the ways that we think about if African American rhetorical practices have been in part uniquely signified to, or connected to abolitionism, right? One of the most important tools of abolitionism is that you don't write simply for yourself to be free, but for your, the next generation of people to live in a more prosperous society. So my thinking too is that she's trying to define a, a moral authority that would far exceed her temporal time on earth. She wanted to leave a lasting rhetorical and written record to how she tried to, how she labored, what her vocation was. And so I think that she, like so many Africans in this particular period, so many African Americans in this particular period began to kind of think about ways in which they can produce written records, Written records.


In fact, Phyllis Wheatley only published one volume of poetry, but she tried to publish the second one. But you know, there was a little thing like the Revolutionary War that kind of, you know. And so when she circulated an advertisement for that second volume, she listed the table of contents. And in her table of contents, it was a series of letters that she was including as part of her second volume. So that tells me that when Phyllis Wheatley was doing her letter correspondence, there was some part of it where she was thinking these letters might be for public consumption. And so then that makes me think, how does one do that? Like how do you write a letter and balance the private and the public, Not by choice, but she always had two audiences in mind.


One, the white people who might publish her, and two, the black people who would truly understand. And so like every great poet she wrote with layered texts with words that would carry the truth for those who needed it, while still being respectable African American people have at least have always had to be speaking to at least two audiences, right? Trying to think about their identity themselves, if especially if other black people would be reading it. They're thinking about that particular audience, but they're also concerning themselves with their survival.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years, the folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories.


Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two outta three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you are, and it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Hi, this is Debbie, your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple, And I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah, we can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. Emini here. I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So The first room we're looking at is for guests coming over, blind.com is covered over 25 million windows, all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and get up to 50% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


You are listening to Black Lit. Many say that the Bible was used to keep black folks in chains, but Phyllis flipped it back on them. She didn't swallow the version of Christianity that said, know your place. She read deeper, looked harder and found her own faith, a faith that called slavery what it was Since in 1774, for instance, she wrote a letter to Samson Aum, who is a Native American Presbyterian minister who also goes to London prior to Wheatley. And he'd written about the treatment of enslaved Africans.


And she writes to him a letter and says, thank you for your advocacy for black people. And she says that everything I write, and of course I'm paraphrasing and summarizing here, but she says, everything I write, I do not for their hurt, but to convince them of the strange absurdity of their actions and conducts, which is diametrically opposite. In this letter, Wheatley eloquently critiques the hypocrisy of those who advocate for liberty while oppressing others, drawing parallels between the plight of enslaved Africans and the Israelites in Egypt. She writes, For in every human breast, God has implanted a principle which we call love of freedom.


It is impatient of oppression and pants for deliverance. And by the leave of our modern Egyptians, I will assert that the same principle lives in us. God grants deliverance in his own way and time and get him honor upon all those whose avarice impels them to countenance and help forward the calamities of their fellow creatures. This I desire, not for their hurt, but to convince them of the strange absurdity of their conduct, whose words and actions are so diametrically opposite, how well the cry for liberty and the reverse disposition of their exercise of oppressive power over others Agree.


I humbly think it does not require the penetration of philosopher to determine, So therefore, she's very mindful that people are using Christianity, using faith to say that African people should be enslaved, that they need to be controlled, that they're violent, X, Y, Z. And she said that, I don't see this in the literature that I'm reading about God. I don't see this right. And thus she's revising that narrative about how she's accessing her faith. And she goes on, I think with that particular perspective, which I think would make her feel that she's the one who's in the superior position, that she's the one who has been authored to offer an education and to moralize, if you will, people who are less learned on the tenets of Christianity.


Isn't it interesting that she gets political in that wonderful letter where she talks about the hypocrisy, love the modern Egyptians, and who is she talking about? Is she talking about the British, who are the modern Egyptians? Are they the British? Are the the the Americans? Are they both like that? We only have it because somebody chose to take it out of her letter and put it in the newspapers where it gets reprinted. But that shows us that we have, we have no idea. She may have written dozens or hundreds of letters that we don't have, right? Or said different things to different people. She's trying things out. She doesn't know what's going to happen next, who's gonna win the war and all these things. And so this is the window into her practice all the way through from the beginning, all the way to the end. And so often we wanted to say, oh, she's, she throws in her lot with the Patriots and things don't work out for her and it's drag.


Or she has these kinds of ideas. This is what she thinks about white people, or this is what she thinks about the Patriots, or this is what she thinks about Christianity like as if she's not someone who's like saying different things to different people and it's evolving depending on what she thinks is possible. And she doesn't know what's going to happen next. It's because we know so little that the chronology is and are missing so much. And the life is so relatively short, right? That the chronology is important and it's actually the paying attention to that where we can see her making decisions and choosing to do certain things at certain times in certain situations. And for me, that proves both that how deliberate she is and how creative she's, but also how political she's And Wheatley wasn't alone in this fight.


Black writers, preachers, and thinkers were flipping the script everywhere, challenging these so-called men of God at every turn. That's why the 19th century looks like it looked. And slavery would come to an end in the 1860s, in part because pro-slavery advocates would be the members of Congress and all these other people, but they would continuously use religion, right as the two suggest that African people were enslaved. But you have so many African-American people and some, I guess you know, Anglo-American people writing at the time as well, would you know, challenge against that and say that you know the way that they see faith Christianity or Islam, because Islam is very important in early America too.


The way that they are seeing these faith, kind of the way that they read them would suggest that slavery shouldn't be a part of God's children. Wheatley wasn't begging for approval. She was teaching and holding up a mirror, making them see their own contradictions. And it is in that act that she reclaimed her power. The Letters feel deeply personal, but they weren't meant to be hidden. Back then. Letters weren't private like text messages are today. They passed through hands and were copied and were sometimes even published. Phyllis knew this. She expected her words to last. And I think as of right now, what makes this friendship important is that currently the only documented by way of letters friendship between two black women who were also enslaved.


Uber didn't just hold on to phyllis's letters, she made sure that they survived so that we could read them today. That's the thing about black joy. It persists even in the 18th century when The World told them that they were nothing. Phyllis and Uber built something undeniable. They wrote themselves into history and history for once held onto them. Special thanks to all of the guests on today's episode in the order that you heard their voices, Bridget Fielder, David Walser, Cassie Smith, Tara, a Bynum, Alima, Shabazz.


Reading The Letters by Phyllis Wheatley and Don Holmes owns Black Lit is a black effect original series in partnership with iHeart Media is written and created by myself, Jacque Thomas, and executive producer alongside Dolly s Bishop Chanel Collins is the director of Production head of Talent, Nicole Spence, writer producer Jason Torres. Our researcher and producer is Jabari Davis, and the Mix and Sound design is by the humble Dwayne Crawford. Gratitude is an action, so I have to give praise to those who took the time out to write a review.


Please keep sharing and we will promise to bring more writers and greater episodes to you. Also, if you're looking to become a writer or in search of a supportive writing community, join me for a free creative writing session on my website, black writers room.com. BLK writers room.com, or hit me up directly for more details at under T-H-A-T-S-P-E-A-C-E. That's peace.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


So you wanna start a business. You might think you need a team of people and fancy tech skills, but listen to me when I say you don't. You just need GoDaddy Arrow. I'm Walton Goggins, an actor, And I like the sound of starting my own business. Walton Goggins Goggle Glasses, but I couldn't do this on my own. GoDaddy Arrow uses AI to create everything you need to grow a business. It'll make you a unique logo, it'll create a custom website. It'll write social posts for you and even set you up with a social media calendar. How cool is that? Well listen to this. For a limited time, you can get Arrow all access for just a dollar a week for 12 weeks. We're talking all the AI power of GoDaddy, arrow plus a domain, e-commerce store payments, professional email, a unified inbox, all for less money than I spend on deep tanning lotion while sunbathing off the Al Mafi coast. You know what? That sounds like a plan. Get started@godaddy.com terms apply.


This message comes from Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let into it QuickBooks. Take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.