
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd, receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Hey, what's Up guys? I'm Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking nice. Abercrombie's latest job of party looks is taking me through the season for dinner. With the film drinks with the guys, and even New Year Eve, they have outfits for every occasion. I'm mainly a jeans and t-shirt guy, but Abercrombie has to dress your fits that keep me comfortable. Shop Abercrombie for every night out


State Farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful Tomorrow. In my family. One of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then get my first apartment, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for Me. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


My name is Jack Weese Thomas. And you're listening to Black Lit, a podcast about black literature and the stories behind the storytellers. There is so much we can take away from this exploration of Octavia Butler's work at every turn. Her narratives compel us to reflect question and reimagine The World as it is. With every interview, a new depth of insight into her psyche is revealed. We've only cracked the surface and there is so much more to discover the complexities of her life, the choices that she made to dedicate her existence to the craft of writing.


During a time where she didn't have strength in numbers, she was one of one. As we transform our experiences, observations, and perspectives into the stories for tomorrow, inevitable question, surface Butler's inquiries into the human condition opens pathways into understanding the mind, envisioning the future, and unraveling how our past has shaped our bloodlines and family structures. She wrote all that you touch, you change all that you change.


Change is you. The only lasting truth is change. God is change. The power of influence and the exploration of identity. Themes that resonate throughout her entire over her work prompts endless questions and ideas with each page. An interview revealing new discoveries. Her writings beckon us to lose ourselves and then rediscover paths we never conceived, only to lose ourselves once more in the richness of our imagination.


These layers are not merely for enjoyment, but provide a textured ground to examine and seeds of thought. Seeds in which I can only hope will continue to be planted for the next generation. Over the last few years, the word legacy has occupied my mind with a new significance. Legacy is the opportunity to leave behind something of value, something that not only inspires, but also enriches lives long after we are gone.


Butler's legacy endures. Her works are now a part of educational curricula. Discussions on podcasts, and are being adapted for television and theater. KINDRED her popular narrative and the very first of her works to be adapted to television. Tells the story of an American bloodline and the horrors that occurred in order for the lead character and her family to exist. KINDRED. Ask readers to examine the truth of our history as a country. And it's not a soft swallow, but a harsh reality that Butler doesn't shy away from the importance of knowing and the sensitivities around accepting what happened.


To confront what is Butler challenges us to confront these truths head on, not as passive observers, but as active participants seeking understanding in the wake of a divisive election, the harrowing truths of our past and present intertwined like persistent weeds at our roots. Deep beneath the soil Butler anticipated with somber pragmatism, but no less hope. Hope remains a consistent anchor to clinging onto a beacon amidst the turmoil. As we stand here 30 years from Butler's introduction to Parable of the Sower, one must wonder how she would interpret the current political climate, societal divisions, and the environmental degradation.


This quote from Eddie Slaw Jr. Stood out to me this week. When we imagine The World as it could be and use that imagination to critique The World as it is, all of us have that capacity, The capacity for a moral imagination that sees well beyond the opacity of our conditions. Because if we can envision an alternative world, an alternative future, surely we can create it. Brandon Jacob Jenkins, the creator of the KINDRED Series, joins us in a conversation later, but here are a few of his thoughts and the power of our imaginations and a necessity to have the freedom to imagine The black imagination is profound, you know, and we have to have unfettered access to imagine whatever we want, however we want.


And it's the obligation of the creatives to constantly celebrate that and honor that and defend that. Because if someone's out there not letting your life and your history and your context on this planet, get into that space of viewership and imagining something's off. Beware Octavia Butler champion science fiction Afrofuturism during her era. But now the fire is lit amongst many writers, creatives, and citizens. So what are you thinking? What observations and questions are emerging in your own self-reflection?


'cause that's where it starts. What alternative world can you create despite the pervasive uncertainty? What will be your legacy? How will you use your voice, your pen, your action to shape The World beyond what it is? Or what was octavia's? Predictions were based on patterns, history repeating itself, humans repeating themselves and falling over the same lines in the sand, and then drawing it all over again just to fall all over again.


What will be your legacy? We can be better human beings for that, but it's so tempting to be greedy and have power and keep it from other people. America. It is time to draw something new through the lens of a moral imagination, with the depth of knowing that everything we touch changes and the need to heal at the root is dire, so that we can grow past our stunted patterns.


Choose your leaders with wisdom and forethought. To be led by a fool is to be led by the opportunists who control the fool to be led by a liar is to ask to be lied to, But it's impossible to ignore the irony of the time, the date, the topic, the year, and an exact journal entry from Lauren Lumina on Wednesday, November 6th, 2024, in Power of the Sower in which she writes about the President-elect and her concern about what they have ahead of them.


She writes, dad decided not to vote for Donner. After all, he didn't vote for anyone. He said politicians turn his stomach. During this election, millions of people decided not to vote, not to show up at all. Coincidence, perhaps having read Power Bill of the Soer and all of the things that were essentially predicted or calculated just from her watching NPR and just understanding the, the possible outcomes. And in the state of The World that we're in today, how do you feel about what she prophesies and how these things have come to be as a writer, as a black man?


How does that sit with you? Whew. Emini here. I think the important thing, you know, her great message inside of that was about adaptability and community and a deep understanding that change is the constant. And you know, how do we imagine our way out of The World that we've imagined our way into? That's really, that's really the, the clearing call. I think, you know, we're talking just days after the election and people are still feeling all kinds of feelings, but I know those feelings are gonna be different feelings tomorrow and the day after that.


And the thing to do is to stay present and to locate one's dignity, locate one's worldview, and always articulate what you feel and what you know. And you keep history alive through the stories you tell. You keep your sense of self and your sense of community alive through the stories you tell. So that's what I kind of take away from her whole project. She didn't have to write these books, you know, and we're all very grateful she did write these books. And I think it's up to us to kind of take as an example for ourselves why she chose to write these books.


You know, that's what she decided to spend her life on this planet doing. And how do we be inspired by that kind of human action. That's sort of my, that's where my mind takes me. Well, that's where I'm today. That's where I'm today on Friday, November 8th, 2024.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds, allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly, and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real time data. Visit join signals.com today.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events. Look in my freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging out with the fellas. And even New Year Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top. For those really fancy holiday events, Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to travel The World in style. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event, or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure, and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/skymile experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


If you have health insurance, you might be able to see a personal dietician for $0 out of pocket. Nourish connects you with a dietician that fits your needs, covered by your insurance. Nourish accepts hundreds of insurance plans and 94% of patients pay $0 out of pocket. Meet with your dietician online and message them anytime through the Nourish app with hundreds of five star reviews from real patients. You know you're in good hands. Find your dietician@usenourish.com. That's use nourish.com.


You are now listening to Black Lit. Black Lit. Well, the thing about KINDRED that was very important was it was a kind of watershed book for her. It was sort of, you know, I think if you take the kind of complete body of work of many great artists, there's always like a book that feels like a turning point where nothing else could have happened unless this book had happened. And I think that KINDRED was that for her. Like I think at some ways she like was born as a writer through the writing of that book. And you know, she would say, I, I've since become rather close with Melee Hefe, who is her great champion and her agent, and currently her, you know, her literary executor and has really done an incredible amount of work to keep Octavia in the imaginary and keep her alive and keep her legacy alive.


MaryLee told me that she would say to to Octavia, you know, you really should write a memoir. And Octavia said, I've already written a memoir. It's KINDRED. And that there was something about that book that was very personal and that was a, that was a book of a young person trying to make sense of what they cared about and trying to figure out the themes that would motivate them and carry them through the rest of their body of work. And when I began to sort of look at it through that lens, you know, I would teacher And I teach writing, I've been teaching writing for over a decade. You know, you do see in young writers, you know, you see what them, you see what they're actively wrestling with in, in those early works.


And I really let that, what I see her doing is actually trying to find the confidence to be a black female writer. You know, I think it's no mistake that it's about, you know, I always said the arc of that book is she's the black female writer married to a white male writer who's very successful. But in the end, the book that's in your hands, it's her book technically. Yeah. Right. That it's about a, a woman claiming an identity as an author And I, and an and artist and a person through this strange traumatic experience that's part imagined, part reality, part historical, part contemporary.


Yeah. You know, and that was really, that was really fascinating. And I also was really moved to learn more about, you know, she, it's hard for people to understand now, but like, she was a real researcher at a time when research was not easy and she was not affiliated with the university. She was not an academic, you know, and she really was so, such an AutoD act and so self-motivated that she paid her, she, she paid for a Greyhound bus that took her all the way across the country to do research on this book at a time when, you know, we, we don't understand how lucky we are to live or be living in an era that is dedicated to the moralization of the American chat, slavery and like the, the memory of it.


But at that time, which was, you know, right around the country, celebration of, its like bicentennial. You know, nobody was out here caring about this stuff in a significant way, writing about it, memorializing, theorizing, historicizing it, you know, that was, we're looking, looking at the very beginnings of the birth of like African American studies as we understand it a lot of ways, you know? And so for her to like decide she's gonna write this book, right, pay her way on a greyhound, be on that bus for however many days to go to like, basically where I grew up, you know, Maryland, Eastern Shore, DC and look at these crumbling plantations that do not have government funding, you know, and try to piece together enough since memory and reality to kind of go into herself and tell this story is a profound undertaking with no internet, no nothing.


You know, it's ridiculous. And Melee also told me that all through her career, she was obsessed with, she would like record things on her, like on like Taylor on like cassette tapes. Yeah. And she would make these, essentially, she'd make podcasts for herself and she would like audibles yay, audibles, yes. By herself. She would make them, you know, and she would just, she just had a methodology of bringing that knowledge to her and synthesizing that knowledge. And her work is proof of how, you know, that work yields more than just the knowledge itself. In some ways people argue she, she was a prophet in many, many of these folks, but she was definitely making these interesting arguments through fiction about think like genetics, epigenetics, like provenance of racial, you know, racial, like, like interracial wisdoms and forms.


You know, she was doing all this stuff in an imaginative way that now of course we have entire shells of scholarship kind of talking through the reality of, you know, so that was really just inspiring that if you really just dig down into your calling and you take the work seriously and you just get what you need at whatever the cost, there's real yield there. One of the things that I tell people who are reading my work critically is that what they bring to it is at least as important to them as what I put into it. And that's true. Once we sold the show, sold the idea, at that time, Huntington Library had just received her papers and no one could really get access to them.


And honestly, nobody wanted access them. 'cause she wasn't really in the air. Right. I was say like 20, when was this? Must have been like 20 14, 20 15 around then when we actually sold it. And Marilee was like, listen, you can, I can get you access to this library. So I flew myself out to LA And I like went to that library every day and, and they had barely organized these things Emini here. 'cause she wrote in these scraps of paper, you know, that was the beginning of me trying to really get inside her mind. 'cause I felt like that was my obligation as an, as an adapter was to like, just know every inch of her intention and every inch of this book. And, And I read like her, her like multiple drafts and like half drafts and false drafts and, And I was like, man, this woman really we're not joking around with the body.


She was really Yeah. A deep, deep, deep serious thinker and writer. And I couldn't just come at her with like, you sh there's just gonna, everything you, every thread you pull just took you on a whole journey. And I just wanted to know every p part of that map. So that was part of my process for the many, many years I was gestating a series. So knowing that it was her, essentially her memoir, wanting to make sure that you're capturing her intention of the book, did that play a role in your character development within the series? Because I know there were some changes that were made, but how did you maintain that intention within the changes?


Within the changes? Yeah, I think what I did well, I wanna say I don't think it was, I don't think she's being literal about it being her memoir. I think that what she was sort of saying is that she told her emotional story through that. You know, I I think it was about trying to, it it, first of all, yes it did, because it was about what I felt in the book. What I, I wanted to do in series was to do with the trick of the book, which is that in the end you realize this whole thing is a memoir of, of an author. But it was about, you know, I think she very intentionally wanted to write about a driven black female creative in an industry that, in which she was a co, was just gonna be like, automatically a weird anomaly.


And I also felt like, one of the things about Octavia that I loved is that she never, you know, my other queen mother is Toni Morrison, which, you know, Toni Morrison has this whole origin story of like, I went to the library, I read all the children's books on the bottom shelf, and then the next shelf it was Dostoevsky. And I read all that too, you know. And so her story as a writer was very much in justifiably wrapped up in an exposure to like great literature and the formation inside of herself of what it meant to be a great author of literature. But Octavia's story is very different. Where Octavia read whatever her mom who was a domestic, could bring home from the, the house that she was cleaning.


So she was reading comic books, she was reading manuals, she was reading whatever she could. So she didn't have, I think, a necessary division between high and low literature in her conception of herself. And that she had to be some, she was someone who understood the value of watching things that most people would write off as not like disposed like disposable or not valuable or not meaningful. And so I needed to make, I really wanted to make a character who was like, I'm out here to bring dignity to the thing that sustains so many people I know and look like me, but you're gonna write it off as not meaningful enough. And I don't care. Mm. Because that's what, oh, that's what I Octavia did.


She was the only one Yeah. In her field for so long. She was the only black woman, you know? And that's a lot. That's a a lot. That is a lot. And that takes a lot of commitment to stay there, you know? And that felt kind of important to me. And also just looking at how, in the drafts that I read and kind of, so in some ways being able to track the evolution of the finished project and seeing where her mind went and the roads she went down and why she decided to back up out of them versus go down. Some of them I was like, oh, I actually think there's ways to honor this impulse she had in a television form in a way that she couldn't necess.


She knew that she somehow, somehow instinctively knew she couldn't actually pull off in a novel that needed to be about 200 pages, you know? Yeah. So yeah, that did all kind of, all that was definitely in living in me and with me through that whole process. And of course, you know, making TV has other challenges, but everything I did, I tried to do in the grain of what I had come to understand was her thinking. And, and as a creative at that time in her life, one of the often cited kind of aha moments was she was in a class, And I, it was a history class where some students stood up and was like, if I go back in time, I would've killed all these Uncle TOMS and these house slaves, this, that and the other.


And she was going home to a parent who was a domestic, you know? And just that, that experience of like, wait a minute, you know, there's something that's so poisonous about our history that people don't even acknowledge that the people in these, in this history didn't know the future. This is the only world they knew and they were still human beings who had to navigate the reality they've been in. Right. You know, as we all are today. You know, and just the, the profundity of that thought was to me, like, right, of course. Like it's so easy for people to want to judge any story about slavery because all we've received is like a copy of a copy.


But if you'd stop for five seconds and think about these people's lives, they, they had no reason to believe that this was not gonna be the history of humanity forever and ever. So when you have that thought, how does your behavior and your sense of entitlement in your relationship to violence or violence you think you'll do? Yeah. Shift or change, you know, that's really the story. That's what, that's the interesting story. I remember you saying something in an interview once that, you know, this idea of binging gives us an opportunity to almost approach it as if it were a book. But can you talk to me about like your approach to time and, because I feel like even in the first eight episodes we got through a good amount of the book.


And I'm so curious, I don't know if you can talk about it if you're still shopping it, if there's potential of it ever being another season, right? I don't know y'all, it would, it would require a lot of activation, you know? Well, one thing I knew is for a long time I think people were like, why is this stop been made yet? And I think one of the issues was people were trying to, to make it a movie. And the truth is that like part of the effectiveness of that book that she manages so beautifully, And I think you really see her like, get better and better at this. Like, I think Parable is a great example of this, is you ha you know, part of the emotional experience of those books is how much time you spend with these people. You know, it's getting to know the people and feeling how important it is for them to be changing so vividly over time.


That's what part of the book is about. If you think about the arc of, of Mrs. Whale, Margaret Waylan, you know, by the end of the book, which that we didn't get to in the show, but she is a totally different person and it's also kind of implied that that woman is the reason why Dana's line gets to continue on some level. Right? So, but you could only feel that, you can't feel that in two hours. That's not gonna mean nothing to you if Glenn Close or whoever is really mean for like 10 minutes and then 20 minutes later she's like, old lady and she's blind. Like it's just gonna feel different. Yeah. So I was so early on, I was like, he has, it has to be tv because the thing about tv, you're constantly having to ask yourself, why would an audience member bring this person back into my living room every week?


Because what you're trying to build is a relationship to characters. You're trying to build familiarity. You know, you think about these, these long writing shows and it's like, you literally feel like, you know, aria a stark, but you would not have that same experience if Game of Thrones had been a two hour movie. You just wouldn't have because it's about the time you spend with people. And truthfully, yeah. Yes. And part of, also part of what she, what was so revolutionary about what she was doing in Kindred was talking about how it's easy to pretend that the worst part about slavery is that people got whipped. But the truth is, people's lives were robbed from them. People were trapped in, they were incarcerated. The theft of your time is the crime.


And how do you really show that to people unless you give them an experience of what it's, to live with these people in this world and wake up every day in the same captivity. That's really the, that's where the heartbreak is. You know, it's not just the precarity, it's not just the ways that the system is built to contain and demean you. It's the life you lose. It's the social death. That's the phrase Orlando passion uses. That's the real crime. The, the sexual violence is such a sensitive thing that is a part of that generational trauma is a part of all of these things that we essentially sometimes don't wanna talk about why we don't wanna even watch, or people are constantly saying, we don't need another slave movie.


We don't need another slave contextual idea. But in so many ways I'm like, yes, we do. Because there's still so many conversations that we are refusing to have. And I think that's part of it. And doing it in a series makes the most sense to me because of the sensitivity of it. You can't put that in someone's face. So immediately. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here you can, but you, why would you want to, if you want to create a dialogue. Right. Especially when it was the sexual violence that wasn't like one off. It was systemic. It was systematic. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the economy of slavery depended on the sexual violence, the sexual, the repeated sexual violation and assault of women of black women.


That's what it was. And you know, the, the thing about KINDRED, quite as it's kept is it's a family story. It's a family drama. When she goes back and she meets those waylands, she's meeting her actual ancestors. That's the reveal. You know, Margaret Whalen is her great-great-great grandmother. Tom Whalen is her great, great, great grandfather, you know, and her life is the product of all kinds of violence. Yeah. Emini here, literal Emini here. That's, that's Alice's arc, right? That's like, that's the real moral craziness of that book is what Dana realizes she has to do in order to keep herself alive.


Man, Emini here, it's a heavy book. It's a lot. It's a lot. It's a heavy book. I, I have to ask, I have to ask this question, Kevin. What was the reason for changing the dynamic of their relationship? I have a theory That theory might be the right Emini here. What, what specifically about their dynamic are you thinking about? They're, they're not married, they're not a couple, they're not, you know, the right relationship is not at the depth as it was in the book when she started going in the past.


There were an incredible number of drafts. So, you know, I don't, you know, making TV is tricky. It's not, it is not like painting a painting. It's not writing a poem. It's not even write a play. You are in constant negotiation with a corporation represented by any number of pretty much well-meaning people. And you're trying very hard to, I was, I just felt like I gotta, I gotta get Octavia to people that's like what I'm, you know, that was my fire inside of me. And there were many, many, many, many, many, many, many drafts of this pilot in which these two were married.


There's a multiverse in which I made this show in which they're married. And I'm very happy that I did that. I would say that two things, the marriage as represented in the book, which people seem to like close one eye to, is not what we would consider functional or, or I would say, or I would say progressive. Right. He's significantly older than her in the book. Yes. Right. In a way that we would all kind of like, I think if we had to watch that every week, would have questions about, he's also described in the book as like not attractive at all.


He's like short, he's like got white hair, he's got crazy eyes. He seems aggressive and he has like extremely paternalistic impulses towards her that are, that can make people pause. Right? Right. She's supposed to type up his, type up his stuff, stuff for him, you know? Yeah. There's a wild moment. They have a wild fight early in their relationship where for some reason I know a lot of people would not forgive him. Yeah. And this character kind of inexplicably lets this man back in her life. So if you're talking about really trying to recreate that specific marriage, right?


For a contemporary audience, there will be bigger questions. I don't think that everyone's instinct will be like they're in love and it's a deep love. I think that she's actually written a very, I think it's some ways the story of the book is actually the two of them learning really what love is. Yeah. Like they kind of bond through the experience in a way that makes that marriage at the end feel genuine enough that she keeps this man outta jail once she comes back with no arm. You know? And I think that there was a desire to, I think I desired for there to be the possibility of watching this character have a love story in real time, rather than taking it for granted or presupposing that's already there.


Okay. What would it mean to ask the question of how this woman might inside of this horrible experience where she is literally a commodity and at risk of being violated at any moment. You know, what if inside of this we could actually give her an emotional story that felt productive or safe or evolving or deepening or something that was also happening. But there's other things I can't say on the record. That's all I can, that's all I can say. That's fair. That's fair. You know, but I, but it's, you know, for people who think I didn't want, you know, I did, there are actually versions of this script that were very, very close to the book, but TV's another, it's a different kind of animal than a novel.


And I always thought, well, you know, who liberated me was Mary Lee. She was like, Octavia always felt kind of ambivalent about annotations to her work. 'cause she was like, it'll never be the book. It'll be its own thing. Yeah. And as long as people read my books, that's all I care about. And so I thought, okay. Right. Like my job is here is not to replace that book or anybody's experience that book or even my experience that book. It's to kind of give it a different iteration and hopefully in a satisfying enough way that it sends you back to the book. And that book has accrued a different layer of meaningfulness or something, you know? Yeah. That was why I always felt when I was making it. That makes sense. That's one of the reasons why I started this podcast and it's happened already.


We're like, oh, I should go back and reread Parable of the Soer. Oh, I should read KINDRED. Or Oh, I need to learn more about Octavia Butler. And I think that, you know, you kind of wanna just ignite the part. Exactly. Because I try Emini here, you And I both know we can trust those books enough to make their own case. Like, you don't even need to make a podcast. You know, like you can lose your whole life and mind and everything spirit in those books. Like a lot of people I know have, and they're, they're just more than either of us could sum up, you know? And just talking about them, you really have to experience them. You really have to live in them, live with them. And I'm just so fortunate that somebody in my life gave me the wherewithal to kind of stay tenacious Emini here.


Maybe it's octavia's what I'm saying. Like all these people, like Tony Morrison said, yeah, nobody was checking for Blues Eye it it know she was just doing these things on the weekend. Yeah. She had a new job. You know, nobody saw the future coming and no understood. Just the profound revolution. She was engendering through her, through language, through the way she engaged language. So you just have to sort of have faith in the work you're doing and, and, and listen, Emini here, I'm never afraid to listen to people have something to say. That's the other thing. Like I'm always willing to have a conversation. 'cause I do believe I put in the work to say what I'm saying and maybe something didn't get across to you the way you wanted to hear it, or maybe you just didn't hear it, you know?


But it's always gonna be difficult talking about the reality of history to people. Like one of the crazy repeat kind of things people kept saying when Kendra was on the air was like, do we need another thing about slavery? Another thing about slavery. And I was like, well first of all, I said this over and over again. I was like, there's a trillion TV shows Yeah. About wealthy white families doing evil stuff. 1 trillion of this. Right. And they win award after award, after award, after award. So when I come along and do one of maybe two or three shows in the history of television that's even partly taken American slavery as part of this storytelling, I'm being told it's too many.


There's a quota. Right. When I want to talk about the reality of my history and my family's experience in America, there's a quota. You know? Right. There's something about that where I was like, I was just glad to go on TV and say that to people and just be like, this is interesting. Right. They weren't expecting that sermon. We gotta, But that was real. But that, that's why that stuff matters. 'cause it's like actually no. Yeah. There's another one. You don't have to watch it actually. Right. Because Lord knows, I don't watch every show about cops. I don't watch every show about firefighters. I don't watch every show set in the hospital. I don't watch every show set on a farm or like about cowboys.


That's the amazing thing about living in the Golden Nature tv. You ain't gotta watch what you don't wanna watch, but that doesn't mean that somebody out there doesn't wanna watch it. It doesn't mean to watch it. It was just Wow. But it's at the, that's the kind of policing that only happens with black content. Mm. Right. That's, they don't truly, nobody else experiences that. If you could, would you adapt another one of her books? Oh my God, Emini here. It would take, yes, I would. Yes. The answer is yes. I would, I would, I'll be honest. When I was like pitching KINDRED, nobody was checking for her. And then once we got picked up and all her books got optioned And I don't know where those things are, I don't know where Garrett's parable story is. I'm waiting for it.


HBO was gonna do fledgling what happened, like people gotta talk. They were gonna do Dawn Adu. Renee was gonna do Dawn. I Saw that. Yeah. Yeah. Can we tell the story of what happened? Because there was gonna be this thing, you know? But I would, of course I would. I, because I really do have a kind of, it's like pe I'm also working on this Prince project and meeting all these prince people who are like, he was like a religious figure to them, you know, they're like, they go into Raptures, they pull me in a closet, show me tattoos and like it's too much. But I feel that kind of way about, or I feel like I literally was like my job, I'm just like one of her soldiers. I'm like, lemme just give you, read these books. Like Right. I can just give people to read these books. Read these books.


I know. I just know that something's gonna change. 'cause what she was doing was more than just fiction. It was like she was trying to build a community of thought around some ideas. And so yes, the answer is yes. I would do what everybody wanted me to honestly. But it was not easy. It was not an easy time to make television. It was not an easy television to make. And yeah, it was. I got some gray hairs. Oh man. I can only imagine. I'm sure there's a lot of off book conversations that come That that's premium subscribers. You the gift premium premiums. I, I'll tell you, I'll tell you I did went down in this in the Atlanta in the fall of 20 whatever, whatever And KINDRED, we are tra


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


Hey, what's up? I'm Jared Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions. The holidays get busy, but I still wanna pull up to events looking put together. Abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging with the guys and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top. For those really fancy holiday events, Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to travel The World in style. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collections spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure, and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. SkyMiles experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/sky miles experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved,


Supported back to a tumultuous era where the outcomes of many of our ancestors was uncertain and often bleak. Yet hope remained. A steadfast companion contrasting and power above the sower, Octavia Butler draws from the news and societal eras to paint a future our present day as a dystopian landscape where faith leads as the main character. This prompts a reflective question I posed earlier. What will be your legacy? What stories are you crafting from your current observations?


And how are these experiences impacting your imagination? These practices of interpretation are not passive activities. They actively shape our ideology for tomorrow and influence how we internalize what unfolds before us. Brandon suggested we conclude with The Book of Martha, one of butler's shorter stories that challenges us to envision our role in the crafting of our worlds. Inviting a deep introspective look at how we might use our powers of creation to influence our realities.


I hope this summarize excerpt enables you to see yourself and your potential more clearly. Pushing you to think about the legacy you wish to leave behind and the stories you choose to write. How will you use your insights and your voice to shape a future that reflects the best of what we can imagine? I think that's a consistent theme and and probably one of the more liberating and radical thrust of her body of work is about the imagination and what it is that we possess this faculty of conceiving our reality as being different than it is and how that the exercise of that is important because that's where our agency is as actors in The World begins, you know, and that so much of The World, you know, and things don't go great.


What's usually happening is someone's trying to suppress that potential in people, in subjects right is, and that one of the ways you do that is through robbing them of their language, which gives us access to that, right? It gives us access to bringing our interior into the exterior. It's a little, maybe a little, little hoo, a little cuckoo, but that's just what I always find in all of her. That's the kind of con, the continuous thread is a real emphasis on interiority and especially black interiority. And I always find that this, these themes for me completely resolve themselves in this little short story. First called The Book of Martha, which is never where I tell people to start with Octa, where I told them to end, and it's a conversation between a, a character named Martha and God.


But over the course of the story, you know, you realize that God and Martha have a relationship. You know, like that there's a connection between them that has lots to do with I think what we're talking about. And this scene from The Book of Martha by Octavia Butler, Martha experiences a profound and symbolic moment with God as they enjoy sandwiches together. Martha brings out sparkling apple cider for her divine guests. When she returns, she's startled to see that God has transformed into a woman resembling Martha so closely that they could be sisters.


This transformation inspires a conversation about perception and identity. Martha expresses her confusion and frustration over why it took her so long to visualize God as a black woman, questioning the authenticity of her previous perceptions of God as a white or a black man. She says, it does bother me if I am doing it. Why did it take so long for me to see you as a black woman? Since that's no more true than seeing you as a white or a black man?


God explains that Martha sees what she has been conditioned by her life experiences to see implying that her perceptions are shaped by her own personal and cultural background. The exchange deepens as Martha considers her own ideological constraints, her mental cage, what she thought she had escaped. She has always envisioned God in the limited human constructs available to her white male human God's response is enlightening.


If Martha were truly still confined by those limits, should we be witnessing God? God's response is enlightening. If it were truly a cage, God said you would still be in it. And I would still look the way I did when you first saw me suggesting that Martha has indeed begun to transcend her previous constraints. This scene, although short captures the theme of self-realization, the breaking of mental and cultural conditioning, and the expansive nature of divinity beyond human imposed identities.


It challenges both Martha and the reader to reflect, to reflect on the boundaries of perception and the potential for growth. Well beyond them. Black Lit is a black effect original series in partnership with iHeart Media. I Jaquith Thomas and the creator and executive producer alongside Dolly s Bishop Chanel Collins is the director of production. It is written by myself and Bria Baker. Our researcher and producer is Jabari Davis, and the Mix and Sound design is by the Humble Dwayne Crawford.


Special thanks to Shonda Saunders, Sheila Liming, Edward Champion Bruce Duncan, Dr. Ronaldo Anderson, Kristen Zwicker, Niecy Shaw, and Brandon Jacob Jenkins. Thank you. Also, if you're looking to become a writer or in search of a supportive writing community, join me for a free creative writing session on my website, black writers room.com. BLK writer's room.com, or hit me up directly for more details at under T-H-A-T-S-P-E-A-C-E.


That's peace.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk Fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


The holidays are here and so is the Ikea winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th, plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items. Offer valid in the US through one seven supplies. Last selection may vary by store and online C-store and ikea usa.com/winter sale. For complete terms, restrictions apply.


Dear Toyota, I need a word with you about your Crown family. Suddenly I love traffic rush hour's. My happy place and the comfort of my crown. I feel on top of The World. This is strange though, right? The captivating Toyota Crown family Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking nice. Abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for dinner with the fam drinks with the guys, and even New Year Eve, they have outfits for every occasion. I'm mainly a jeans and t-shirt guy, but Abercrombie has to dress your fits that keep me comfortable. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com.