
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess Is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don, she don't nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess On The Breakfast Club. She's a coaches who she was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. I'm happy that ASAP is free. That's another black man who can be home with his family. Like, you know, because he got them two kids. That wife, we might get a, a album from Rihanna.


You think so? You know, yeah. Her man just beat 24 years. I feel like we not gonna get the album now because he just beat 24 years. They gonna be busy. Did you? Mm. What does that say about ASAP Rocky as a rapper? That y'all want to hear from his wife but not, not him. He the one who got found. Y'all just did that to ASAP Emini here. But she can put him on the album. I want, I want Rihanna album because ASAP got found out. Guilty. It's been, it's been 10 years for Riri though. So Yeah. Emini here. People want an album Emini here. I ain't never gonna stop wanting that. I do love her. I like her. Well, Yeah. So now we can focus back on her now that this man is free Emini Here. Jesus Emini here. Lemme tell you, listen. Yesterday, so ASAP Rocky was found not guilty yesterday in court. He was found not guilty of all charges.


So he's gonna walk free and the minute that the the verdict was read, y'all talking about Rihanna, just the his family and it went crazy. Let's take a listen. VA 5 0 8 1 4 2 0 1. We the jury of above entitled action find the defendant. Em, mayors not guilty Have see you. I love that. Yo, he jumped over. Yes. That, that bench in, in Rihanna's arms. There were reporters in the court. Megan Kif, she said that actually Rihanna was in tears. Yeah. After they read the verdict and when he jumped over and hugged her and his family was in tears as well too.


Yeah. No Safer place to be than those woman's arms he dived into that man was facing what, 24 years? 24 years. And that happened pretty fast. I know it probably didn't feel fast for Rocky or for Rihanna for his family, but 14 days they went to deliberations yesterday came back at the end of the day. It was around like eight o'clock when the jury came back with the, the not guilty. And yeah, he was facing, he was accused of firing a gun at his former friend ASAP Re So he was looking at some time. Now people though are, are asking what happens re Elli because, except him. Okay, so on one side you have Asaps attorney who's like, he lied on the stand a lot. So what are we gonna do about this? Let's take a listen to Joe Tech pen asap. Rocky's attorney after court We're grateful for the jury.


They saw through this barrage of a case. He said from day one he was innocent. He turned down a plea for almost no jail time because he was innocent. This was an extortion. The extortion played out live in color in court. What it says is that the district attorney should look long and hard at prosecuting Pyre Efron. We've said that from day one they should do it. Now they have him admitting to perjury. They have him committing his source, the jury. So through it and came to a enormously quick and speedy verdict. For me, my partner Chad, we're honored to have represented this amazing family. But Rocky is one of my closest friends. We love him. He's also just a great, great person. Love him. Brianna, they said Joe, Hey S Joe.


So gonna be charged with will probably get charged with perjury. He Should be. That's what they're pushing for because They're, he should get charged. Maybe be extortion. There's a few moments on the stand where he had said things and then it was debunked and it was a lot that happened. But also too, RLY had filed that $30 million defamation lawsuit against asap. That Was first, wasn't It? That was during, it was like after the shooting. But it was before the criminal case started. Yes. Yes. And I, that's gonna have to be thrown out because he was alleging that because of the, the shooting and because of the statements that Asaps ASAP Rocky's attorney was making, he was being defamed. He was being threatened online. And now, you know, in a court of law, you were, it was found that this didn't happen. So They could prove, has to prove he lied on stand. He should be have to be prosecuted.


He should be prosecuted because there's no way that ASAP Rocky has to pay for attorney fees. Yeah. Has to do all these different things and, and somebody who lies on the stand, just walks not Crazy because I never even even knew who ASAP really was until this situation. It's a odd of asaps. And so now it's just like, that's what you known for. You known for somebody who couldn't even rat. Right. And I knew he wish he got shot Now for real Emini here. Just Yeah. He was lying. You know, we really do wish it happened. Yeah. Well hopefully Congratulations to asap Rocky. My advice to you is to never leave the house ever again. Okay. But that can't happen. And don't communicate with any n words after 5:00 PM The beautiful thing about situations like this though is you get to really see who's who. Yeah. Like I'm sure over the last however many years it's been, he's got to see who was like really in his corner.


So Ucta you ASAP Rocky. Yep. Yes. He's gonna go home to his family. Moving on to Cardi B, Our girl. So After I said that she, that, that Stefan was keeping her busy, she decided that to tweet about Offset when she got to it. Yeah. Well you asked yesterday, did she respond, did she, you know, she'll get online Now listen, real quick. She didn't, she didn't say offset's name in this tweet, but of course, and she deleted the tweet. But we, we know what this is given. So yesterday after we reported about her amazing Valentine's Day weekend, Cardi got on Twitter and she tweeted, I'm getting harassed. The worst way I suggest you shut up and leave me alone in less than one hour or people's careers will be getting ruined. Including, including is in all caps. You famous bees that was getting Ed leave me alone.


Hmm. Now we don't know who she is claiming is harassing her, but what the fans, you know, have gathered from this is that this is in response to her being out and about having a good time and being picked up. That she was out and about having a good time with us. Stefan digs over the weekend and that the person that she's talking to on Twitter is offset because she does that often when they're going back and forth. So Emini here, the tweet was deleted and no one's gotten exposed. So I'm assumed that, you know, 35 minutes into that hour he realized, let me just, she Said even Are you famous girls that was getting asked? Yeah. Yeah. I guess you know, she, she said Look at, look at how ain't put his hand on his hip when he young. Y'all said that Cardy Do it. Yes. I want to know what offset hitless look like.


Okay. As the old head. We like to live by casually to the young boys. You know what I'm saying? I see you nephew. He'll stop, Stop it. They got kids together. I want them to be able to work it out and be able to Exactly. Still, you know, move on. But still, I don't want offset to take care of the kids. You know what Emini here, I don't want offset To. It's nasty that even though I'm Cardi is it's doing her own thing. Only because you still got raised kids. You Said you don't want offset to do that. I don't want all Emini here. I don't want Cardi to do that because even though she's out doing her own thing And I understand how she feels about offset, they still gotta raise them kids together. They still got kids. Yeah. It's a lot. You know what Emini here, why stir up the extra drama girl? Just, But, but this, he keep on like poking at her though. Like he poking at ever since he, he been seeing her out having fun, moving on whatever he has with whoever it is.


Like he baby been poking. Yeah, he been trying to, yeah, he dragging his nuts all over. You know what, Emini here. So she need to drop hers. Yeah, she can do that. Put the mos out Emini here. Put the bitches out there. Yeah. But that's just gonna make all set look good depending on who the girls are. No, It's not. No it's Not. Okay. You're right. I'm speaking to, I'm speaking to the Lens. I'm speaking to the lens On top. That was the Mansplaining because depending on how close they are to her industry wise, like if they in her vicinity too much, you gonna look crazy. 'cause your wife is crazy. B, you wasn't holding Her down. Right. I just pray somebody could get in between and be like, look, we got kids. Like the kids can see this. Everything's online right now. Let's work this out. You move way the The person in Between is tired. Envy. Oh, they tired.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't like seeing their drama play out online. Man. SLU said Cardi, I, I hope that y'all figure it out. Shut Up. You Just say that was a political intro. But what he really wants to say me every day. Drop the receipt Thursday. Do it in the music. Put it in the music. You can tell me one of y'all. Not just text me. Lemme vicariously through. That's all. Don't drop it. All right. Alright. For real. Ooh. All right. I can see that one. Alright. Yeah. Thank you Lord. I hope het listen to mess to this side of the room. That's just with the mess. All right. Ready to Celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent.


Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Everyone's talking about GLP ones like Ozempic Semaglutide with Future Health. You can find out if they're right for you too. Just go to try fh.com. That's try fh.com and find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary.


Sponsored by future health


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.