
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series. Cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance Might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne is out today. Lauren LaRosa is filling in and Jess is gonna try to help Lauren LaRosa with her love life a little bit. Yeah. Now you had some recommendations. I did some guys that she could possibly be dating. I did. I did. I'm just gonna run, you know, run through them quickly again. The 53-year-old gentleman, the millionaire, he loves to just shower you. He travels a lot. He wants more kids, he wants to remarry. Deep lover kind of guy. But he wants you to be a housewife. And I know you said you be outside, you know, but what would make you stay in a millionaire man who ain't never really home anyway, you know?


Oh, he never home with you? No, he travels to work. He travels a lot. He going, I'm not traveling A million. And I, he's not a millionaire for nothing. But I can't travel with him. You can, but he wants you to be a housewife and he's a bit controlling. Those were the disadvantages. Now you got this other 30 5-year-old man, he's a overseas athlete. He wants commitment. He's a Christian, God-fearing guy. Understands values. He goes out of his way to make sure that you are, that you know you're safe and you're loved by him. But he don't believe in marriage and he don't want kids. And you want both of those things so Lesser with, I can't travel with oh head. You, you may be able to in the beginning, but he, if he wants you to be a housewife, he wants you at home. He wants somebody that's gonna make his home a home home.


He wants to remarry you. He wants to keep you on tuck. Yeah. I'm just not a keep on tucked person. You can do your show from the house. Yeah, but like then what after that like, like I'm just having, I'm sitting at home like he Said, you ain't never gotta ever come back in the studio, you can do this from home. He done work something out. He try to get me home, Ain't He ain't gonna work again. This Is a powerful man. He done work something out. I heard, look, my wife need to be home. Like she need to work, be able to work from the house. And It's, it's, but I'm there by Myself's, no dinner party. Pick nothing. That's tough. One 30 5-year-old don't want kids or marriage. And is he like set on that or can that been We'll, We'll give you a chance to, to think about it. 'cause we got a lot of people on the phone lines.


Mm. Now I'm, I'ma step back. I'm gonna let Jess figure out who's good for You. Yeah, because you done told them, I don't want, somebody don't need to have a job and They can be in jail. Like, Hello? Who's this? Who? This? This is Ana. Oh. Hey Trina. How, how you feeling this morning? I'm good. What are you calling for ma'am? I'm trying to shoot my shot at Lauren. Oh, you trying to shoot your shot at Lauren? Okay. Whoa. Yeah. Lauren said come on, come on. Okay, now are you a stud? What up Lauren? Hey, what's up? How are you? You like girls? No, I Emini here. I can change your mind. I can change your mind. Just one day. Whoa. Change your mind.


What'd you do in that one day? I'm, I'm curious. I'm gonna take you on a day. I'm gonna give you a free few drinks. Okay? We gonna talk and then we gonna go to my house. Now are you a stud kind of sounds like, sound like That sound Like aud. I'm, I ain't, I'm, I'm, I'm a woman. I like boys and girls. I just got out probably like a year ago. What's your Instagram? Lemme see what you look like. Why does it keep you mad Alone? Because I'm curious. T-R-A-P-P. Hold on, let me make sure. Don't try to make it private. Don't try to delete photos. CAP My private, I'm not delete nothing.


This is a new Instagram. So T-R-A-P-D-O-G-D-O-G-T-R-G. Like just spell it. What is it? Emini here. Not spell it. Just track Guide. Oh, you be trapping Trap guide Tri Trina with two A at the end. So it's T-R-I-A-N aa. Okay, so trap guide Trina. T-R-A-P-G-O-D-T-R-I. What she look Like? Trina does not look anything. Like what I thought she was look like. She look like Trina is giving Hey, Baie. Okay. Uhuh. But she don't want, she doesn't a bestie Uhuh No girl. She, if I feel like if Lauren would do a woman, it would have to be a stud.


No, no, she don't need no damn stud. Damn. But Tiana, you, you hold on. I'm, I'm voting for you. Hold on. Right. I'm voting for you. What I'm, that's my vote. Tiana's a Got That's, I know that's right. I'm not voting Rena, I'm Not voting. The body is giving, I'm not voting any girl. I look At Trina and I'm like, yes, bestie. Like take A drink, let's go train. Yeah, yeah. Let's, let's go baby. That's what you need. Sit your ass down. No. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this cute Q What's up? Thank you. Damn. I finally made it too. That's crazy. That's crazy. First What you calling For? It might be Destiny. Hey, I, I I ain't trying to shoot my shot though. I just wanna shout out my cooler band real quick. Oh Hell nah. Anyone holler at you? You just wanna Shot?


That should be happening. I be thinking it's Destiny and they'd be like, no. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, Take take us off Bluetooth Bro. You got your window down. You don't got air conditioning in your car. Hey, I just wanted, tell Lauren just let Lauren know the, the old drug dealers. So she need to find them kind of guys, you know what I'm saying? The ones that winning drug dealer and they got their, his Phone call. Oh I think he telling me you gotta find a reform. Somebody that's like used to do it but not no more. But, But didn't I tell you that? I said I feel like you like somebody whose background is the streets but their mindset is business, legitimate business now.


So you like a ghost from power? Hello? Who's this? Hello? Who's this? Hello? This What's your name ma'am? My name is PP Can you take us off Bluetooth for speaker please? Hold on. P hold on. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. My name is PI got a story to tell. Alright, well take us off Bluetooth for speaker 'cause you sound I'm mad loud. Damn. Hello? Hello? Can you hear Me now? Yeah, what's your story brother? Alright, tell tell Lauren not to be scared of no penile because my wife, my wife And I, she was my penile for my last 10 years.


I was 320 months. Can you take us off Bluetooth? We we can hear you on Bluetooth for speaker bro. Can you take us off Bluetooth? Hold on. I don, why He mad at me? He mad at me. Hello? Okay. Okay. I Alright, go ahead. Tell us story. I had a pen. Incarceration Put us back on. It was right back. Can you hear me? Put it right back On? Yeah. He said he had a pen pal when he was incarcerated. He was sentenced to 10 years. His wife, his wife now was his pimp pal then. And it worked out. He's basically telling me, don't be scared of a pimp pal. There You go. Yeah, I, that's just not what I want for myself right now. Like, God forbid I'm dealing with somebody and getting into a situation of sorts.


You know, I'm, I'm loyal and I'm locked in, but that's not what I'm aiming for. You Know what? Jail guys probably would like you because they're like, damn, she reaches out to lawyers and you know, she can, she can help us. She understands The docket. Hello? Who's this? Itna? Oh, she still on hold. Hold on. I'm sorry. Hey, yo, I back. Let's do my vote. Yo. Hello. Who's this? Hello, this is Eric. Oh, Okay, Eric. What's Up? All Right, voice. Where you calling from? Eric? Houston, Texas. Houston Texas. Okay brother. Go ahead man. Shoot your shot at Lauren. Yeah. What's going on? How you doing? I've been hearing a lot about you don't know too much, but you know I'm at work one now, so you got a bear with me.


Look at our Face. So I wouldn't expect him to get through. What do you do sir? Yes. Oh, I'm a CDL driver. Ooh, okay. Do you have kids? Yes I do. How old are you? Emini Here? Not look, my I'm 52 when you look at me, you wouldn't even think that. A lot of people believe I'm my thirties, but, oh, So you were City? Yeah, I'm a daddy. Okay. Have you ever, have you ever been married before? Right, right. I've been divorced just one time. It's kind of funny that story too. I've been with her for over like 20 years and then when we got married, she, like a year later, she divorced me. It's crazy. It's another story though.


Mm Mm Okay. Have you ever dealt with a woman with different wigs? Have you ever dealt with a woman? With what? With different wigs, sir? Different Wigs. Wigs? Yes. Yeah, wigs. Yeah. I ain't gotta be teasing though about that man. As long as it's, thank you babe. You know? Yeah, yeah. That's funny man. That, that, that keeps me going. But yeah, Charlemagne gives you a hard time with that, but yeah, it doesn't, Lonza looks good. Lonza ain't looking like a rat on top of your head or something like that. It's all good. He like the different personalities So far he has, he has a good job. He has a child. He's been divorced so he knows. He knows how to treat a woman. Very calm Voice and soothing. Yes. This is the last, Yeah. Yeah, This is the last how, How, how would very close to my mom too, you know.


You know, sometimes we bump heads, but that's my mom though. That's like my first girlfriend. So it is what it is. Okay. All right. How would you deal with an argument if you and Lauren were disa, you know, disagreeing on something and, and she got a little rowdy, you know, 'cause she younger. She's younger, she not in her fifties, you know, and she got a little spice to her. How would you handle that? Well, you know when you have a disagreement and there's always a conclusion and sometimes if you don't come with one, sometimes you gotta agree to disagree, but at least you move forward. Learn from that, you know, and you get into with everybody. Okay? People at work, people at, you know, home, even your own kids.


But you just gotta learn how to I like them, you know, just work it out. That's basically the best thing I can say. You can't just, everything's not gonna go the way you want it to go, but you know, at least try to work it out for the best as long as you see what's ahead. Okay. Do you have all your teeth? Oh, Of course. And it's all mine. It's not On. All right, perfect. Just last question. Pause, pause, pause. How's the D game? Lara? Cialis. Man, you shouldn't be asking the ladies asking that. Making Sure you good because you kind of older. I just wanna make sure it still works Day. If you gonna do Look for me, man, bro. I'm old. You look at me. He ain't if gonna get Outside, that's my si. I wanna make sure my sister happy. All. Alright, we gonna put you on hold. I'm voting for the girl still.


I'm Voting for the guy. Okay. WDAS. That's what you gonna call her? Five eighty five one oh five one. Shoot your shot at Lauren. And when we come back, Jess is gonna make a final decision. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you just joined us today, Jess trying to figure out help Lauren with finding a man. She gave her two options and we're just taking the phone calls to see if there's any better option on the line. We have Nathan on the line. Nathan, good morning. Good morning. Alright, what's up man? Shoot your shot to Lauren. Hey Lauren. How you doing? I'm doing good. How are you?


I'm doing fine. I I I want that. Always ask you question. Your birthday's November 17th, right? No babe. It's November 22nd. But you was close though. Oh, Twenties. Oh. 'cause they I'm the 18th though. Oh my God. Another Scorpio. Why You don't like Scorpios? Y'all a good time, but it's a short time. Not a long time. Hey? Mm. What you mean by that? That's what we wanted to know. Like what you mean by that. Exactly what I said. Y'all a good time. It's fun. It's fiery. You know it's intimate but it don't last long. It's like y'all like don't take this the wrong way. Right. But y'all like fun boys. It's just like, we gonna go out, we gonna have a, a good time. We gonna do what we do and then, and That's what it's meant for it. That's it. Yeah. Why don't you ask that man what he does. He can have a good job. You can be a good brother. I'm telling. I do the No, I get it.


I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying though. But do you, are you into like having good times or are you looking for like a serious relationship? I think I've had a good time for, you know, all the time that I've been here. At this point I do wanna continue having a good time, but I wanna do it with my person. Mm. Alright. That's not a problem. So like, are you into going on like dates or like, like this right here? Would you go out with somebody if you met somebody like this? Yeah, I would go out and see and explore because you know, What did you take it bro? Yeah. Where you taking me? Emini Here. It it like, it's all about what you like do I know out Lt eat is just like regular. Like, but we could go bowling, paint, bowling, it don't really matter. That's Emini here. Ooh. I like paint Bowling. Well, what kind of restaurant would you take it to? First date? What you taking? Red Lobster. Sizzler.


Where you going first date? A lobster. Shit, it don't matter to me. Like, I'm not really like a picky person when it comes to like, restaurants, you know, that I kind of leave that into the woman's heads 'cause they know more than us when they really do. And then also it's not really all about the dinner. I know you said I wanted to get do something funny. It's not about the it's about the conversation too. Can can, she's, can you have an intellectual conversation? Can each other, right. Can we pick each other brains? Like that's what I'm like what I'm about. But the only thing, the only thing though I will say is, is like, it would've been so fire if you was like, oh, I'm gonna take you here. 'cause it like, I like the a man with A plan And I you stand the person, whatever you wanna do. I don't like that. Yeah. I like the man with a plan. Sorry Nathan. Let's go to another caller. Let's go line six.


Hello? Who's this? Hello? Yeah. Hey, what's your name bro? Jesse. Hey, Jesse. You want, you want a high little guy man, go shoot your shot at Lauren. I, I'm just a worker from Louisville, Kentucky. Oh boy. I travel a lot and you know, I'm just looking for a female that's going to take my flaws And I take hers and, you know, I'm not nobody special, but I know how to treat a woman. I'm from the south and from Mississippi And I would love to meet a woman that knows how to treat a maintenance.


Do not ever lead saying you're not special. Yeah, like that. I don't want you to do that. I don't ever want you to do that again. I'm not special. I'm just You're all special, bro. Yeah, yeah. You can't do do that man. Emini Here. The way, the way my, you know, the way my confidence Bro. Emini here pull up like Yeah. Spell Mississippi? Yeah. What Port? No. Spell it. MIS out. PPI. Oh, he spelled Mississippi. You, you left the second set of Ss out, bro. He vy bank. We spell Mississippi, Man. Oh, he from Mississippi kids. I feel Like the way he spelled it though, he know how to play spades. For sure.


Let's try, let's try one more. Hello? Who's this? Yotis. Oh Boy. She gonna love you. Cas. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Atlanta, man, but I'm from, I'm from up top up north, man. Oh, She gonna love you. Cash. K man. What do you do? Cash. Yo, I'm an educator man. What you mean an educator? I'm a Research street. You a street educator or you work or you a teacher? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Higher education man. I work at university. I don't wanna reveal that right now though. It's university, but you know, look at him trying to help out the, the, the youth, right? He works at a college. What do you teach Jim? Nah, I'm actually a mathematics. Mathematics. Boom. Vy you are.


It's because judging you, man's being a little protective Tough. Yo baby man. Yo, you trying to, you trying to help me or you tried this man? Man, I gotta clear It out. And your name is, your name is Cash. So It's, it's, it's Caius. But you know, I go by cash for sure because they, you know, Americans can't pronounce cash. Caius Where you from? From New York? Said he said Americans like he's not from Americans. Where you From bro? He from, Yeah, I'm from the states. I'm from the States. Yeah. My people's from Haiti. We Haitian. Oh, Okay. All Right. Yeah. Not man, you know what? Emini here. Oh, so they can't play with you, What You mean? Yeah baby, I don I don't want you to play with me. So what's up? Talk to me. I'll talk back baby. How old are you? I'm 36.


36. You got any kids? Were you ever once married? Nah. No kids. No marriage? No. None of that man. No, none of that man. Okay. You were like, you I'm looking For love too. I'm looking for love with Lauren. Now You looking for love with Lauren, but are you looking for a commitment? 'cause she, you, she has a little bit of things that she does the like, now are you looking to marry? Do you wanna have kids? Things like that. Do you wanna have fun travel, things like that? Yeah, absolutely. All the above. You know, definitely looking for some kiddos, you know what I'm saying? I definitely want to travel. Definitely can't commit, you know what I'm saying? I had my fun. Now I'm just looking for the one. Okay, now back in your past that's rewinding. Have you ever been to jail?


Emini here, I got, I got arrested before, but okay, So yeah, your record is clean. I never done no comp. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My record is pretty clean. Okay, so what you think, what you think? Nah, I thinking though, he's pretty cool. He's a teacher at a university. No, he's cool. Y'all could even role play. You could come and teach or change my grade and you know, go into class and all that. You feel me? Gimme some extra credit. You know what? Emini here. Hey, I'm not gonna lie. I think he's a fun time over cash. Yeah, I'm not mad at him. I got a list of my top three. Yeah. So Jess, what do you think? I honestly say I'm gonna go with the older gentleman, the 52-year-old. He came closer to my 53-year-old gentleman that I gave you. The contender. I like him. I liked his voice. He, he was the only person that you heard that had you blushing.


You don't even know the man. It was very soothing, Very calm. Yes, His voice. I feel like that will disarm you because you're very feisty. I need that. I I like trap Tiana, you like Trap Tiana My home girl. I like Trap chia because you know a woman's gonna know how a woman wants to be treated. She could brush her hair, she could brush your wigs. She could really pamper you the way that you need to be pampered. That she can help you putting on all your brown girl grinding girl clothes on and all your, your, you know, your fashion nova and Timus. She could order it. It's right there as soon as you get. That's what I like to get your makeup for. You, you, your red glue. You good? I'm not so can one of your home girls. Exactly. Because I've never dated a girl And I didn't think that that was in my future.


Don't knock it. It could be a, it could be a blessing. Don't block your blessing. All you talking about is stuff that my group chats do Help her brush her wigs, order from Timo, invite her on trips and stuff. The Group chat. Don't eat the box. Oh God. She not, she's not a gayer. She doesn't wanted explore that yet. Well, I liked, what did you like Cass? And I like WDAS. So you do like cas Like ca You like Cas, you like Ca she is and Wdas and you know, the backup if it just didn't work out anywhere else, I figured, you know, me and my home girl, I would have to like just make her relax a little bit. But we could go hang out and figure out, you know, He Could be friends. Lauren, A low key, hopeless romantic. Like you're, you're I am low key. Like very low key with it.


Oh My goodness. All right, well we have the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Omarion? Omarion. Oh, Omarion is yelling at the people in the audience. 'cause they ain't doing what he wants them to do at the millennial. He, He's not the zen king. I never seen no Omar on Y Baby. He might have had a couple shots before this performance. We gonna talk about it. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series. Cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts


An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.