
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee. And we're mess. Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third. Divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami Mess. Breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living. It's kind of mess. Yeah, well you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Marie fasting on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga. On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same As Melrose's Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know that We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together? Big or small? We are there. And now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne De guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious is back. Dammit. Jessica, What's up Yo. Hey Lauren. Laro is here now. Jess's baby's about three years old. That's what the rumors is saying. A plan 50 came up. 50 was like how old? How old is it? Her baby Gary Owen said, how old is the Baby? They wanted to know how old the baby was, But the baby's three months and she is back. We are happy. We're excited. We missed her. You was gone for three months? No, she's two and a half months. She'll be three months on the 20th. November 20th. So, but you was Gone longer than that though. Mm, I was gone about three and a half months. 4, 3, 4. Something like that.


Four months. Yeah. Well she's back. And, and for y'all that don't know when somebody's on maternity leave, you're not allowed to call 'em at all. You're not supposed to anything concerning business. So we couldn't call her. That's Not true. I was checking in on her, but I wasn't concerning business though. Wasn't concerning business. I was we talking about the baby. She was checking in, just checking out the baby was Talking about the baby. I was, I was like, I'm probably getting on her nerves every other week. No. Hey girl, how are you? What's going on? I was Gonna come visit her. So she started subtweeting. She, she no And, I was like, yo, I think I, I told my wife we should go down there and see Jess. And all of a sudden all you seeing Jess's story was don't come see me when people ask to come see the baby, but we don't really want them here, this and That. I'm like, damn. That Don't mean a damn thing.


Nothing at all. No, I just be He should pulled up on you. He should have pulled up on you. Yep. Don't ever tell me you gonna come see me. You don't come see me. But Y'all, I was gonna come, but there's a bunch of sub messages. I'm like, well damn. That's crazy. That, that's 'cause he live his life online. If, if people don't live they life online, then I'm following you. You know. It's so crazy how much you don't live your life. That's one thing I learned about you and us getting to know each other. You don't live your life online even though you so big online. Like you be so detached from the internet. Yep. Like what, what happened the other day? Yo you was like, lemme tell y'all Quincy Jones passed away. You guys know we talked about it. Me and Jess was talking and I'm like, yeah, because, and I'm I'm breaking it down like when I No, She said you just said Just said Quincy. She said, No, not Diddy son. We know That. No, she said, she just said Quincy.


No, I was like, Quincy Jones passed away. She was like, just with the mess. What? I'm like she had no idea. No, for real. I didn't get into it yet. I'm, I'm on maternity leave. My mind is still I don know. I like How did you turn your radio on your tv, your phone, anything? I said the radio who listens to the radio and she was like, you work on the radio. I, Now I will say Quincy did pass away at a time when there was a lot going on. Yeah, it was day before an election. Like it was a lot going on. It just shocked me that she didn't even see it briefly. I didn't. I was like, wow. I I could learn to be this detached from online and like that's a beautiful thing. But I'm like, how the heck are you this big online and detached. But anyway. Yeah. Have a baby. I'm glad at least one of us wasn't was bugging you while you was going. 'cause it seems like y'all just, y'all were supposed to go see y'all didn't go see her.


I still was bugging her. Yeah, I was bugging her too. Okay. I made sure she was Out. Okay, good. All right. Well let's go to the phone lines. We have Samantha on the line. Samantha, good morning. Good morning. How's everybody? I can't believe i's in right now. This is crazy. I you guys every morning. Thank you. Welcome back Jess. Thank you boo. I did, I did have a question. What's that? I know you just came back from maternity leave. And I know that you are breastfeeding. I amm currently pregnant myself. And I am due in December. And I wanted to know. Congratulations. How did You know that it was okay to smoke? And what, what are the guidelines for that? Because I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to get back smoking after I have my baby. So I wanted to know, Give out no bad advice your first day back.


She checking sources. Just fix Her mess. I did my own, I did my own research and You know it's up to you. It, it is to your own discretion. But when you really think about it, it's common sense. 'cause your lungs are not at all attached to your titties. So you are, you're safe. You're safe. That is the lungs. Ain't nothing coming through the lungs. You know as far as the milk, I didn't wanna give her no high milk. And when I realized that the, the weed don't go into that, we were straight. So you, you good As long as you don't smoke now. Yeah. No, no, definitely not. Definitely Not after you Good. You can light up as soon as you push out. Okay. Good to know. And do you pump and dump as far as drinking? No. That's actually a myth. My, my lactation specialist told me that like, that's a myth.


As long as you can drink, as long as you are coherent. If you cannot hold your baby, then you don't need to pump. And you, I mean then you don't need to breastfeed at all. But, but you don't have to pump and dump, you don't have to waste milk. You don't, you just have to not drink to get effed up. Gotcha. That's fine. Or, but if you do, just don't, you just can't breastfeed. Right, right. Yeah. That's it. Few Hours. Thank you Samantha. Thank you. And welcome back. And congratulations to you too, Sam. Yeah. Congratulations boo. Thank you. Still think you need to consult the doctors Sound like you need sound like you need a second, second opinion to me. I'm gonna be honest with you. Hello. Who's this? What's up brother?


What's up? I calling from South Carolina. Morning everybody. Good morning. Good morning. 8, 4, 3 baby. You already know. Good morning hear man. Congratulations to Jess on the pregnancy. I dunno what when the child, the pregnancy new baby and thank you. Y'all have a good day man. I listen to y'all every morning. Thank you babe. Thank you brother. Thanks Nick. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Brittany. Hey Brittany. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. What's up Brittany? I Just wanted, oh I just wanted to congratulate that on the baby. Thank you. Blessing from the baby. And. I wanted to say that she was deeply missed but Lauren and LA did an amazing job in her absence.


Yep. But I'm happy and I'm ready for Jessica to give us Jessica mess again. Absolutely. Thank you. I appreciate that girl. Thank You mama. Love you. I love you Kathy. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all doing? Good. Jess Is up. Girl, Welcome back Jess. Thank you baby. Listen, I love you but I just wanted to say about the lactation girl. I understand. I remember when I had my son two years ago, I anticipated, yeah I'm gonna be pumping right? I went out, I bought all the stuff. I was ready. I bought a deep freezer ready because I was like, yeah, I'm be pumping save and everything and girl, yeah it was not working for me.


Yep. You think that's what it's gonna Be? I everything those cookies do something about those oatmeal, chocolate chips. Those are my things. What ain They don't. They taste like famous names. Cookies Girl. I love them. But nothing worked for me. I mean I did the tease, I did the home remedies, I did everything. I even went into depression. Oh yeah. 'cause I couldn't ate. Yeah. And. I ended up having to do the formula and that was around the time when Formula was You know short. It was shortage. Yeah. So trying to find formula, it was a lot. Yeah. But girl, I'm happy that You know you able to pump. I'm happy that you able to You know get the milk out is really good. Thank you girl. And congratulations on the baby if I didn't say that.


No, thank you so much. And. I love you. I love you too. Charlamagne DJ Envy all you guys. I love y'all. Love you all. I love you guys. You know, keep doing y'all thing. Y'all doing y'all thing. And. I. Love y'all. Thank You so much. Thanks baby. All right Byebye. Have a good day everybody. You too now. You too. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess is back. Jess hilarious. Is back You lactating right now. What does the cookie do? Like, is it like a magic cookie? No it's, it is stuff that is made in it. So it's like flax seeds. Chia seeds. It's made with all of these things that helps to produce milk. Like it helps with your milk flow. Oh. I actually gotta pack up. I'm gonna get the ingredients off, the exact ingredients off the back. But it's all stuff you Oh you want? Okay. I just wanna wait.


It's gonna make me have the milk. You're definitely going to Mm, I honestly don't think you baby baby because you need another baby, baby. I don't think so. I think baby you would have to actually be pregnant to actually, 'cause that's when it starts like the third trimester, your milk ducks start opening up and stuff like that. So yeah, I don't think nothing will happen to you now. You'll be eating when she high my, my little sister when there's nothing else is north or in the house. I feel it's like eating the edible. That's How it fit. I Feel like it's about to be like eating edible. And since they're good it don't, it don't taste like medicine or anything. It doesn't taste like anything other than a famous name is Cookie. So what's good? Hello? Who's This man? This is Louis V. What up Louis? What you want Louis? Alright next. Who is next? Louis? On What up Louis, what you calling for?


We ain't do nothing wrong. What you want? Nah, nah, nah. Y'all doing everything right? I'm just calling actually to bother. Jesse. Larry, You want some breast milk for the low? How much? How much you, how much you charging? Jeff's out. Hey clown. What? Nah, I just wanna welcome you back man. Everybody in Atlanta is excited. Thank you. I appreciate it. We've been already getting tagged in a bunch of posts. You know I wouldn't turn Luther from set it off when you get your ass back to work.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixing comes with dough hooks, a wire whip and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Hi, I am Marie And. I'm Sydnee and we're mess. Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girl's Trip to Miami Mess. Ozempic. Messy, skinny, skinny Living restaurant, stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone and accounting and then getting a promotion. Living. Living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living this kind of mess. Yeah, well you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Foin on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Someone's cheating. We've got you on That in-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While We may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's all good. Thank you Marty. Ma, Shut up baby. That boy got young. Martin is, I Swear he look just like Martin. All right. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Jess is back. Yeah, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa is here as well. And Jess hilarious is back. It's been a long time. It felt like it's been like a year, but no, it's only been, it's Getting glowing too. Boy. Thank you. She is glowing. She's so happy this morning. I have a great dermatologist, Dr. Natasha Sandy who said you need to find your ass back to that office because Yeah, I told her I was like, he's damn real big up there.


He looking crazy. So definitely you got weight trainers for him too. 'cause that down bad too. Oh yeah. He be getting a little thick. You need a wig trainer. Yes. You know any good wig trainers yet? That tame that tame that wig. Not even a thing that teach that wig to sit. We need to teach that wig to sit. We need to teach that wig. Need bark. Okay. Six six. Week Six. What's wrong with the Emmy? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Hello. Hello. Good morning. Good morning Bishop. Your boy love people when the plug tapping in. Love it. What Up Jess?


As a single father, I wanna say, first of all, respectfully, I miss, but we can love one Lauren and still Miss Jeff. I I think as a Yeah, we are. Well, where we don't know how to edify each other. Yeah. So I think we need to start building it, but we live up more. Yeah, I I, your phone number, your phone is bringing up. But I think you're saying that we need to learn how to uplift each other. That's right. Like we can uplift me without bashing her and uplift her without bashing me. That's what you're getting at. That's exactly what I'm saying. Absolutely. And I, absolutely agree with you. And so Barbara, I want say this, I, there's no way I could have waited. I delivered all my children. And I. Don't think I could have waited three months to feeding my child. Pay the three months express.


She say three months. Too sick your child. Because I want fully developed. So they don't want present. They need your mind and your life. Yeah, they do. They need you to be there. You can't just go back to work. And I learned that with this baby. So thank you Lovie. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning New York. What's up? Who's this? What's your name? Yeah. My name is Alfredo. Alfredo. What's up brother? Talk to us. New York City. I I hope I didn't catch you guys at a bad time. I wasn't too sure if the, the call was coming through. Oh, what's up? Talk to Us. Name make me hungry. I'm so hungry. I just was, I was wondering what the topic is.


I mean, I missed out on trying to catch on the show and Well the Topic is You know, just hilarious. That very funny comedian and, and and superstar. She's back. She's today's her first day back. Really? Welcome back. Thank you. Thank you. We don't like people participating when they don't know what they participating in't he in valuable phone time for somebody that know what the actual topic is. He didn't know he Was going to get, just wanted to talk this morning call. He ain't know. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Rich man from Madison, Wisconsin. Brother Rich from Wisconsin. What's up Man? I gotta get it off my chest man. Listen, I'm a hardworking 29-year-old with five kids. And I take care of my kids for the best of my abilities.


And child support is raped being need raping me. Like they don't care that a father gotta survive. They don't care that we gotta maintain lifestyle. Not lifestyle, but survive life. You know rent and the place of living is crazy hot You know And I Want throw one more thing in there. And I called y'all like two weeks ago. And I was calling. I got hung up on three times because the call decline. Hey I'm gonna tell you something my brother you about to get hung up on again because that is not the topic. The topic is just hilarious. It's back. Chris is not on child support. He don't care about nothing. You talking about Oh my God. Know why you po child support. So you on your own right now.


He said Damn man, I thought we would get it off our chest all man. No this ain't get it off your chest. Jeff Hilarious is here and we are welcoming her back. Well we must got different radio stations man. I. don, Where you calling from? Where you calling from? At Wisconsin. In Wisconsin. Man. They on the same time zone as us. Are they? I think yeah Man. That's why I don Dunno. I'm on a different topic. Well we appreciate you brother, you much. Thank you for calling so much. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Love. Hey love. Good morning. Good morning. I'm calling from the Met Charlotte. What up? 8 0 3. What's happening? Not much. Yo. Lauren.


Hey, good morning. You don't still got them Britney? No, I'm just kidding Girl. Is this Shahe? No, no, no. This is love. She about to ring. No, I just wanted to call. So No you so quick. Don't back. We miss you so much. Thank You girl. And I. I do agree. I do agree with Lauren that You know don don't like when people gotta You know, tell other women down to You know bring other women up. I was one of the people on ig but what I was asking was how can we get both of y'all on the show? That's what I wanna talk about. Mm. Yeah. We like this. We like this right here, right now. Yeah. I see a lot of that too. I, I look, I see everything. I just don don't respond to anything anymore. But I see a lot of things. And I.


That's one of the frequent comments I seen as well. I think people don't know and or maybe they forgot like Lauren is up here 'cause Jess said, Hey, while I'm gone I want Lauren LaRosa to fill in. Yeah, definitely. Oh yeah, for sure. I didn't forget. Oh, okay. Yeah. It it, it is just nice to have both of the ladies on there because I'm gonna tell you what y'all been teaming up on? My girl Lauren And I. I feel like they, I've seeing that that too. I definitely used to be on my side but as of lady, I feel like a little bit nicer at first. Once, once Trump got office he just started getting a little crazy. First thing is you put a little whitening title. Did you hear what the woman's said when she first called? She called up here. What's your name again? Don't, don't You gonna bring it back to the braid. Love Bring Love said do you still got them braids Char That's, I'm glad you got.


I listen every single morning. So I'm I I'm a day one Love. I did not know you said that. You asked her about them braid. She did. First thing she Said was the first thing she said she did And. I cool Lauren. And she started throwing shots to me and, and it, it it'd Be two on two be it me and trying to survive Sarah Be two on two A joke. But y'all do be on Lauren. Lauren go Lauren, you gonna find a man when it, when this joke. Thank You. Thank you Jess. Here she gonna fix my mess. We out we get, we gonna get to a man And a weak trainer. Okay. Curse. We gonna teach far to fetch. We gonna teach far to play Dad closer. We gonna teach Farry to Oh wig name is the nickname is the wig name is Far girl.


Jess. What? The baby done drop. You could fight with me now. I know but I love you with the braid though. Thank you. Ain't gonna hold you. Thank you. But not with the wig. That's what I You put words in her mouth that's got something on your lip, right Chap? No, just Crunchy. Just like that face. And when we come back we got Jess with the mess. What we talking about Jess? Yep. Lord Will Fire is back at Plys. Why the flies won? Just jumping the Sue everybody. We gonna talk about it next. Yeah, we gonna Talk about it. I'm ask you 'cause that's your homeboy. My homeboy. Why you become my homeboy? Because y'all both flies up. I said maybe y'all got some insight but No, I got you. We gonna get to that. Alright, we'll talk about it. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm sydnee and we're mess. Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy. But the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third. Divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami. Mess. Breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram live living it's kind of mess. Yeah. Well you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Refa Center on iHeartRadio. App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories. Third journeys and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It What. It Is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World, we are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hello, my unde Deadly Darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly. Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.