
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Okay, so a YouTuber named Preto Hunter, he recently purchased a storage unit for $280. Now this is what he does. He, he basically does storage wars. Like that's what he's known for. I love that show. YouTuber. Yeah, I know, right? He does it on YouTube. And he bought one for $280. It belonged to Roddy Rich. Oh. And in the unit he found some designer clothes and Roddy Rich's Grammy that he won back in 2019 for best rap performance. And the Grammy, he won the Grammy for racks in the middle featuring Nipsey Hus. So that was a very important Grammy Rest in peace. Nipsey Huss. Absolutely. And surely after that he found a Grammy. He posted a video discussing the backlash that he received from it.


A lot has been going on these past couple days since I found this. Never did I think it was gonna turn into a nightmare. Yes. I got in contact with Roddy Rich and his assistant and no, I'm not asking for a million dollars for this, none of that. All I wanted was a video of me giving it back to him, or at least of video of him telling me Thank you. That's all I want. Clearly that was impossible. Threats to me and my family. Pictures of my house. Correct. My whole full social, all my family's getting affected by this. All the people saying that. And I'm getting threats saying to take down my videos that it's a threat. It's a disrespect to Nipsey's family guys. This was never my, my intent respect to Nipsey's family and everyone, you guys know that this is what I do for a living.


I post videos of what I find in storage units. Did I think this was gonna be in there? No. All I made was a vid. All I made was a video of me finding this. And that's it. Question, how do you buy a storage unit that's already owned by somebody else? It's not Owned by, Yeah, it's not. And then You know like on storage wars, like if, if people take too long to, If they don't pay the monthly Bill, yeah they pay then they can auction it off. They can auction it off after about six months. So I think it's three to six months. But if you don't pay for three to six months, they auction it off. And anything they find in there is there. So that's actually his property. Like all the clothes, the Grammy, everything is his, Because he found it. He Didn't have to give it back And no he didn't. And that is Roddy's only Grammy too. Like that. That's crazy. But people was asking like, why was your Grammy even in the storage anyway?


And he posted this, he said, dear internet, my personal assistant was in a near fatal accident, which is how the storage unit was mis handed. I appreciate the kid for returning the Grammy much love. But he jumped on live to give more of the story, more context. Me Moving back and forth or going back and forth to Miami. I just put my stuff in the storage for safekeeping knowing that when I get down there to the house, it's gonna be there You. know what I mean? Whatever. So once we received the news that the kid had the Grammy and everything, we get on the phone with him immediately we found a video at like a thousand views. Called him immediately You, know what I mean? And like, bro, I got like 10 bands for you or whatever. He like, man, that ain't on 50,000. First he asked me for an AP then, then he asked for 50,000 was, it was more so about trying to get clouded off of it or an trying to basically store me for $50,000.


We come to an agreement of we'll meet you here and get a Grammy back or whatever. So we was like, You know what, since you bringing it back, we gonna give you some money. He end up coming to the police station that we met up at. He had two cops, cameras trying to create a moment out of it. He didn't pull up with anything, which was confusing too. And that was that, bro, I think we gotta learn how to use words. 'cause that's not extortion You know what I'm saying? If, if, if, if he obtained the storage unit, he owned it legally. Yes. Yeah. Right. He did. He didn't make no threats or tell Roddy Rut, I'm gonna do X, Y, and Z. If you don't gimme 50,000, he just, Hey, this is the barter. Yeah, he did. And, and he did get the Grammy back, but he ain't get them clothes back.


And the, the people that he sent to get, 'cause Roddy didn't go himself. He sent You know his peoples and he was like, he was like, well where the clothes at You know. And, And he know he can't wear Roddy size. Okay. From what I can tell, Roddy seems much smaller than You know people do this and then they sell these things online and they make more money. That's Make his money big. It's big business. Yeah. So they probably should have did a deal and say, I'll give you this much for the everything in the unit. Yeah. But the guy just bought the unit for 20, $80. I'm sure he didn't know what was in it. Who was in it. And then he just, it was just like Christmas. Christmas. Absolutely. But I been there. You can do that. I remember I had an ex, right? And he was like big playing with me. Crazy. Like cheating on me with strippers stealing from me to go gamble and everything. Right. Legend. So. Yep. Right. So I did some legendary stuff. Mouth. No, no, no. I did so legendary.


Right. So all his stuff, I, I changed my lots. Right. So we couldn't get my house. All his stuff. I put into a storage And I didn't tell him where it was at. And it was auctioned off like months later. Everything, Jordan's, jewelry, everything that he owned that was in my house, I took it, put it in storage, didn't let him know where it was at. And it was auctioned off. Legend. So we moving on. But how much was the jewelry worth though? It was real. He had a, he had a a bunch of jewelry. Jewelry that I couldn't wear. You know, obviously it was chains sell. So why would You keep It for yourself? Yeah. Why did you sell it? Why'd you put it an auction? Why would you just let somebody else just get it? Yeah. Come up off there. Maybe I was a little goofy I. Don't know. I was hurt but ain't get it. That was, that was the objective. Ain't Jesse, I ain't get in, ain't get it.


I ain't, I didn't care about that. I'm just going back. He ain't Get it. That would've been smart if somebody told me to do it. But nah, I just didn't want him to have it. So that was that Cam Newton encourages Lil Wayne to drop a dis track. Now yesterday we talked about Kendrick's new album and the song whacked out murals where he mentions Lil Wayne and some other people and Wayne shared a tweet after that. We, we said basically he was like, man, what the f did I do? He said Don't wake the beef up, don't play with me. I don't want no problems. But it'll be some, during a recent interview of Cam Newton's podcast, he begged little Wayne to drop to this record. I'm a fan of Drake. I'm not gonna give a si it is a backhand compliment. But after Kendrick and this beef, I look at Drake different. I don't think Drake has it in him to, to go to the places that he needs to go to attack Kendrick properly.


He won't be able to do that with Dwayne Carter. Just for the appreciation of the art. Because Drake ain't capable. I Wanna, See, Wayne, Lil Wayne is this that mother up. You gonna let this motherfucker come into your mother city on mother February and you ain't gonna drop nothing. I love Lil Wayne, but they better not gas weight. Yeah. That's crazy. They better not gas weight. A gay gay that's a gay Wayne has too much history. Yeah. It's too much dirt out there. It is too much to dissect. It's, it's hard to dissect somebody that really is nothing out about Kendrick. Well, Well also too, and listen, Wayne gets busy. Wayne is the top five mc of all time. But he don't want those problems with Kendrick right now because Kendrick has been doing the work on himself.


So his breakdown of Wayne is going to be very different like the space that Kendrick is in mentally, spiritually, and emotionally. He is gonna break down Wayne in ways that a therapist would he And it's gonna be outta love. Like it is not, it's not even gonna be a, this is gonna be outta love. He's gonna break down how Wayne ushered in the era of defense. Oh my God. Because he did like, like it is what it is. He's gonna talk about You know a lot of Wayne's traumas. He's gonna tell us why Wayne only got three dreadlocks. It'll be, it would be would be a lot of Pressure. It's five. Don't got More than three. Dreadlocks it Five. But it would be a lot of pressure from coming from Wayne. I mean, coming from Kendrick. I'm just telling you it's just gonna be different. It's gonna be a different type of breakdown that he would do to Wayne.


We don't want that right now. No, we don't. We don't. You said this yesterday, so, And Wayne gets busy, but I just, I've just never seen Wayne be surgical when it comes to You know, breaking a person down in a record. We've seen, we've seen Kendrick do that. This would be outta love. It would be like meet the Grams almost. But not for nothing. I I I honestly feel like if Kendrick mentioned his name, Kendrick already got stuff already. Yeah. Just in case. Just in case. He, To already be expecting somebody to come back and take what you said the wrong way. Yeah. Yeah. Because And where Kendrick is at in his life and what we hear in his music, we know he's ready to take Wayne. It's A very healed person. Because I, because because I listen.


There's nobody there. We, we, we love, we got mad love for Wayne, but we can't act like Wayne did not usher in the era of the fiends. There was a, there was an era when the, the best rappers were hustle us. And then it was a era when the best rappers would fiend. Okay. And he ushered that in with them double cups. Yeah. It just is what it is. Yeah. And I'm sure Kendrick has some bars ready for that. That's What I'm saying. I'm sure Kendrick has got, he's just sitting in the cut waiting. Oh My God. But that is just for the mess. For that first hour. It Would be entertaining. But I wouldn't wanna say, I don't think it would be that entertaining. I, I like Wayne's legacy right where it is. Okay. Yeah, I do too. He in my top Three Kendrick right now. You know that basketball game, you keep hitting the threes. He like on fire, on fire. He's right now he's just on fire. Just leave That man. It's just not a good matchup.


Styles make fights. It's not a good matchup for where Kendrick is in his life right now. And, and You know how emotionally, mentally, and healthy he is. The, the breakdown he would do a Lil Wayne in a, in a, in a and a loving record. 'cause it wouldn't even be a disc record. It would just be him breaking him down lovingly. We don't need that. I don't know if it would be loving, but he was definitely, They want look up to him. He said it. Yes. Kendrick looks up to him. But yep. Nine. Well, when we come back, we got front page news, Morgan would be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I I. Don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also send me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.