
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Okay, so Cardi had time yesterday, right? She had a bad day on the internet. People was coming at her. So like two nights ago she had shared a clip of some music and this old music that she was listening to, right? And she said that she ain't like it, but she still was planning on Lie. Kill My pedigree. Sign, let Meet. I hate this song. Very sweet. Now you hear her clearly say I hate it, but she's sharing some You know some stuff for her fans, right? So people started like criticizing her like, oh, the it is whack. If this is what your new album gonna sound like, don't drop it and all that. So she jumped on X Spaces to respond. I Woke up And, I got on Twitter.


Then it became, I became more annoying, more irritated. I really want some of y'all to stop being dumb, stupid and slow. Okay? And overly opinionated. Just overly opinionated. Yesterday when I put that little clip of me rapping up, oh that song, there's a reason why I put it on my channel. There's a reason why even when I previewed it, I said old song, listening to my old songs because that's exactly what I was doing. Sometimes I listen to old songs or scrap songs because just because a song is scrap, there might be two or three lines that is that Oh shit is Fire And. I could use it on a new song.


Telling the internet not to be opinionated is like telling fire not to be hot. Okay? That's why you have fans. Your fans are gonna have opinions that You. know what I mean? But either way, she said she had a bad night and then she had a bad morning. So she was already irritated when she hopped on social media anyway. And then she started seeing all the criticism and then it was another situation that happened. So she was promoting Sheen, right? She said her mom had bought her something from there. And Sheen, for those who don't know, I know y'all do know, but it's an inexpensive clothing site, right? And social media usually started saying like, because I know Fashion Nova fainted when they saw Cardi promoting Sheen. I know, right? But no, people Was like, You know because Sheen is so inexpensive. They like saying, oh, she must be down bed coming in her pocket.


Like she ain't got no money. She cheap. Like You know and You know. That's one thing Cardi don't, she don't, she don't do that type of talk. So she hopped on X again to address something else. She said A, If somebody's offering me $700,000 to do a video that I don't gotta put on my Instagram feed, I'm going to do it. And it's not because is going broke. It's not because is hungry, it's not because s need money. It's that I'm not going to pass on easy money. Like a really having it out here. Let me show you how my, how the past three months been given because is talking about I'm surviving, surviving, trying to survive.


No, I'm not trying to survive. I just like making easy money. I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to prove something to nobody who don't got nothing, who ain't, ain't Got nothing, don't know how things work. I like it don't make no Sense. You don't even know these people. These people don't know you. They know they can get a rise outta her. And, and she fall for the bait every time she posted literal rec, like literal receipts, $200,000 receipt and another one for 120,000, Another jeweler And then 65,000 and You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like why we doing that? Yo, It's it is, it is it, it bothers me so much when, when artists feel like they have to prove when they ain't gotta prove nothing. And just for the record, Cardi got it, especially Cardi. She ain't gotta do that. Cardi got it, got it. Like It's also crazy to me how y'all love to post that meme of Bill Gates and who is it?


It's Bill Gates and Warren Buffet. And they'd be like not a designer belt in sight. Right? But then when you see a black person and they not flossing with no designer, where's the designer belt? They broke and they're wearing something affordable. They broke. It is Weird. Y'all are Insane. Nah, card got it. Y'all are crazy. Like she, she, she, yeah, she trust me. She so Another fan said the same thing that we said they, they're like, you don't have to prove anything to people. And she even responded to that fan. I do it 'cause I want to not 'cause I need it. Ain't nobody going broke over here. I got it. Shut the up is this bar, shut the up. It's getting embarrassing. Lemme pop my, I'm a female rapper. I'm not a Disney artist. This is what we talk about. We talk about money, talking about bread, talk about diamonds, talk about whips.


We talk about houses. This is what the rap about to talk your shit when I'm talking my shit. You shut the up. Well you do. Yeah. You a artist. You do that. You do that in a booth. You do that. You know you address people in in the music. And. I just want her to do that. She always do it anyway. But like do that in the music. Yeah. I don't want social media to have that control over nobody's life. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I do not understand why people in general, not just Cardi care so much about what these folks on social media think, man. But We don't have a moment. Sometimes when you, when you feel like you gotta clap back, like let me show these 'cause what it Really is. But they don't never tell you nothing good. Yeah. It's not like they get online and say, Hey Cardi, you look beautiful today. Or Hey Cardi, I know you feel rich today. Oh that they, that's not how social media works.


Yeah. And and Cardi pops every time, every time. I know I sometimes it's, it is cool but like Cardi Pop every time. Yeah. And, and anybody if, if anybody from Sheen, if you are listening, I'm sure me and Jess do it for half. What? Jess? Yo, you ain't gonna promote for $400,000 For half, Half of the 700,000. She did. Oh yeah. Hell Yeah. I was gonna say what you mean half? I'm talking About half of the seven. Seven None. Everything Sheen today except my shoes. I mean she, So yeah, Cari also got like 500 million followers on Instagram. Yeah, Absolutely. That's I need on TikTok like, yeah. So and then she also took time to address people doubting their offset as the father of the newborn baby. Oh Lord have mercy Man. What was Cardi doing?


Posting receipts about DNA I don't have to post receipts about DNA because I never took, I never given my kids no DNA test. I don't have to do no DNA test. My baby father don't ask me to do a DNA test. The proof the receipts is in my kids' face. All my kids are like their daddy. All three of them. Especially my newborn. So I don't know what the you talking about. The receipts will be posted when my daughter is six months. And I post her picture and you see she look just like a baby daddy. My baby daddy don't, don't ask me for no DNA test. He knows when he s in this. I already got that. The daddy knows the daddy lips. The daddy eyes. You are not going, you're not gonna bait me and to post my daughter to prove anything to you as you dumb Man.


We gotta unplug man. Leave party alone, man. No man. But you gotta unplug. Like if social media is having that kind of effect on you, you gotta disconnect. You gotta unplug. I promise you, as soon as you turn your phone off, you will not care about the opinion. And It's so depressing and stressful and just causing unnecessary trauma to herself. Like, Like why are we in verbally abusive relationships with our smartphones? Yeah. Yeah. Like could you ask, this is the choice. It's a choice to go online and listen to these comments and read these comments. You're making a choice to piss yourself off. Yeah, that's right. And imagine being a person watching you do that on the phone, talking to the phone. That's how I feel. I'm like, What the hell is bar doing? I know, man. But yeah, just send us some healing energy is what you say.


Send us some healing energy. This is the bar. Absolutely love bar drop on the close mind for body, but disconnects the damn phone. That's a real thing that, that stuff can drive you to therapy too. But yeah, we gonna, I ain't got time to announce the this something else. So yeah, we gonna get to that in the second hour. But that's just with the mess right now. Thank You Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Jaqui will be joining us. His new album Baby Making is out. Now we gonna talk to him. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I, I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also sent me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.