
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like get a through self checkout by yourself. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at at t.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit at t.com/guarantee for details.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American home owners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LL C license in 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Welcome to Can't Believe Reckless, the production of iHeartRadio and the Black Effect. And just like that, we're back on the air. Welcome back to yet another Catholic reckless episode with your girl Jess. Hilarious. What I be doing? I'll be fixing mess. And we got my girl Taylor in here today. Say hey to Taylor. Y'all. Taylor say hey to the peoples. Yeah. Alright, so listen, I'm gonna just jump right in and read the story. This one is really, really good. Obviously it's not a voice note. And she did say something about it not being a voice note too. She was like, my man listens to Carefully Reckless on iHeart.


Annie listens to you, fix people mess on breakfast club. So he, she didn't wanna leave me a voice note. So here it goes. Hey Jess, I need you. Bad child. So one of my chil, one of my childhood friends was my very first boyfriend in life. Aw, that's cute. He was the big time drug dealer in our city. We're from St. Louis. Oh Lord. I've loved him from a child to an adult. We've been together on and off for about 15 years. By the grace of God, I never got pregnant by him, but we always talked about having kids together and him making me a wife. Not by the grace of God, yo. During the time of our relationship, he was back and forth to prison, involved in shootouts, all the things that would make a girl want out.


Hmm. In all the years we were together, I had to deal with that. And more house raids and long sleepless nights. House raid. Oh yeah. Fuck all that. What's house raid? When somebody raise. Okay, so Taylor, when somebody raised your house, they're looking for a fucking drug dealer. I think you should house raise. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. House raised, raised. No, no, no, no. He never cheated as far as I know. But being the girlfriend of a drug dealer became very old and tired for me as I got older. He never cheated as far as I know. But being the girlfriend of a drug dealer became very old and tired for me as I got older. Hmm.


So I gave him an ultimatum, me or that life. He just couldn't let it go. Right Then he said he had a goal and as soon as he hits it, he's gonna come marry me and we can start building our life together. Now, this was about three years ago, the last time we spoke on this, he went to jail for a year after that and been home for about two years now. During that year I met a gentleman and he was literally everything I was missing. He was everything I wanted in my on again off again. X, we were so compatible in the early months of us dating Jess. This man showed me real love in a passionate way. I swear he is my person. A few months ago, my ex pops up out of nowhere at my job.


Now I work at the bank. I thought he was coming to Rob. What the fuck? What the fuck Hell o Well just kidding, bitch. You can't be fucking just kidding. Like this. The fuck he was telling me he needed to take me out and that he needed to talk and update me on his life. Came to her job to do that. Came to her job 'cause I, yeah. Came to her job or something because maybe she didn't say that. I didn't show him about the job. Yes. She said I did get to meet with him and he briefly ran down all of his life changes to me. He joined a church. He is actually, oh my God. He's actually owner of a business. He started his own tech company and he has a trucking company. Okay. Ghost.


He turned legit. This was the one that was in jail. We came home. I know, but So Was she just not in contact With him though? Probably not. Because she had already met another dude. That's the crazy thing. No. Okay. Yeah. So he had told her about, you know, updated. All right. Lemme see. Did it say how long she was in contact with him though? Because he did a lot. He did a lot in that. Yeah. Well he was home for two years. Oh, okay. And this was a few months ago. He came, he probably was trying to get his shit together before he came back. 'cause she had gave him that last ultimatum like look me or this. And he was like, yo, I can't lead the game yet. I gotta go. I'm trying to earn a certain amount. You know how drug dealers talk. I knew it so well because I was dealing with a lot of 'em back in my day, you know? So period. He came home. Now he's reformed and shit.


And he's basically like ghosts James St. Patrick. He was trying to be legit, trying to be legit and everything. And she said, wow. Crazy thing is, I felt so good talking to him. All the memories flushed. I was back in love. Only thing is my current guy proposed to me, proposed to me weeks, weeks before that girl. And I said, yes, crazy Emini here. She can always break it all. They didn't get married yet, But I know. So she basically is saying, what should I do, Jess? I find myself in bed laying next to my fiance thinking about my ex because he is everything I wanted this life with.


However, I went on ahead and got engaged, not expecting him to ever change or grow up. And he did. Well first girl, I need her to see the receipts. Yeah. Of what the drug dealer's talking about. Not just what he's, what he's saying. And then, I don't know, I guess Just don't jump out there and just like go all, you know, just because he came to you and although he been out for two years, so he probably did take all his time to get like, you know. Yes. But He's not doing the things he used to do. This nigga got businesses And stuff like that. I guess Tech company, Carl. Yeah. Emini here. Tech company is good.


But I'm saying like only reason why I'm like hesitant with that is just because sometimes I feel like things will happen. How it's supposed to happen. Yeah. And, And everything that glitters is not go. Yeah. But also just like if y'all supposed to be together, y'all, y'all would've been in Charge. Y'all would've been together, right? Yeah. Like, yeah. And I guess you had to wait and all that, but to go back. Yeah. I Don't know. And then on and off for 15 years. Yeah, because he like, it just, You let him, you gave him 15 years of your life and he gave 15 years of his life to the streets. Right? That's a long time before you grow up and shit. Now other guys take longer to grow up, but damn nigga, now I'm supposed to drop everything I'm doing because you are home now and you decided to get it right in your life.


But that, that's what tells me when he told her that, when she gave him the ultimatum the first time and she was like, yo, me or this. And he was like, no, not right now. I can't choose you right now because I have a goal to get to. I'm not gonna be in this shit forever. But I am like, I'm, I'm good. Like I'm, I'm, I got a goal and I'm gonna be outta this shit. I just gotta do some things right now. When I wonder if she agreed then like did she say, did she just leave and say, all right, well since you not shoot, choosing me, whatever, have a nice life. Whatever. Yeah. Or did she agree in that moment? All right, I'll wait for you. Wait for you. Because if so, that's why the fuck he came back and just expecting for her to be right there.


Yeah.


You know what, Emini here. Hold up, hold up. I know this shit getting good. But listen to just a couple seconds of a commercial. If you love me, you'll listen. At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your world cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing misogynist seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bold premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your O ACEs in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you. Today American home owners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Now, like you said, I wonder if she was keeping in touch with him that whole year he was in jail or how long was he out before you knew he was out? And how did y'all have a conversation? How long before the bank, right when he shopped, when he popped up at your job, did you see him? It was the last time you seen him, before you saw him in the bank. Was the time he, you know, you gave him that ultimatum. Was that three years prior or like, what the fuck was that? I don't know. I think honestly 'cause she didn't give us that part of it. I think she honestly didn't talk to him purposely 'cause she was trying to get past them. Yeah. But she, and that's how she ended up meeting her person. Yeah, I know. That's the thing. Yeah. But like it could be and that motherfucker probably look good too.


But I guess it's one of those things too, like take away like all y'all got butterflies now. Yeah. When shit gets real. I don't know. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I just, Yeah, I don't know. You don't know. And then what's with this new, this fiance? She, is he everything that you wanted? Yes, She did Drop everything For him. Listen, I'm a, I'm gonna reread it. She said during that year that he was in jail, I met a gentleman and he was literally everything I was missing. So he was everything I wanted in my on again off again ex we were so compatible in the early months of us dating. Just this man showed me real love. So then I swear he is my person. So then I don't think there's Nothing to talk about.


And that nigga propose he knew what he had. Exactly. So I don't think like you about to give your whole, I don't think she should do that. All, all this moving on that you did like all this healing. Yeah, I don. But would she ever healed if she sat down with, with ex-convict? Yeah. One time then ever. All the females came back and you land bed laying in bed next to your fiance. Say that that was her person, the ex-con was ever her person. Well in the beginning she said, so one of my childhood friends, her child was my very first boyfriend in life. It was a big, he was a big time drug dealer in our city. So yeah. I've loved him from a child to an adult. We've been together on and off for 15 years. No. And then that by the grace of God I never got pregnant by him.


Yeah. That tells you something that's screaming like, ah, don't do it girl. I've always had one leg get one leg out. I don't think she should do it. Yeah. 'cause she don't want that shit to follow her. I think you're still holding onto maybe a cute little fantasy, but like You, No. And then you feel a bit of like obligation because y'all are Exactly. That's probably what it's childhood friends. Exactly. Don't you know? Yeah. I don, he's known him since he was younger. Y'all kind of grew up together. He's known you. He knows what to say. To get back in your good graces that about you probably didn't change. That's how all of the butterflies started rushing back and all the feelings started swaying in, you know, coming in and colliding on you and shit. And now you feel like you're in love with your ex all over again. Laying next to your person at night thinking about this nigga.


I don't even think it's so much she thinking about this nigga. I think she's thinking about what she's going to do and it's stressing her to fuck out what she wants to do. Yeah. And then also just, That's a hard decision. I don't think she should drop everything. Hmm. And then what about this scenario? Right? So look, this is also a thing as well, right? Because I've seen it time and time again growing up in Baltimore City, being good friends with drug dealers, not even drug dealers that I used to deal with. But being good friends with drug dealers, my nigga, they'll get into beefs and shit. She said shootouts and all that type of shit that I'm saying. That's the thing they'll get into beefs and shit. Will. I was, I was building up to that damn Shit bitch.


I was ready up perfectly. Go ahead. I was taking too long. You say Yeah. What if the pants come back? Damn shit. Woo. And the listeners knew I was going anyway so y'all gonna still gonna say I'm gonna still Just say it. So girl I've seen in my life where the past comes back to Shit. It does. But it does does. 'cause yo, if he's gotten in shootouts, obviously he's the one that's been doing the shooting and shit because he ain't get killed or shot. She didn't say he got shot. You know, maybe he got, he's been shot at. What if somebody waited until later and then this y'all out together.


Yeah. Then this nigga get shot up and killed. Or what if you get killed? Right. Being with him, you know, you said he was a big time drug dealer in St. Louis. Emini here. I'm sorry Missouri. But goddamn we know certain cities and, and, and drugs. That shit is different. It gets deep and Then just watch the show power. I'm sorry for Emini here. For what? Like What is for Reference? Like Oh, oh absolutely. Or watch the wire. Fuck power. Okay. Yeah. Watch the Yeah. Or what Even Snowfall. Mm. Yeah. Like I'm just Emini here. I'm not Just say No that's more realistic relate. But I'm just saying like, no that's more realistic.


Snowfall is way more realistic than power. I ain't girl ghosts and Tommy should have been died the first episode. The way they, they was doing shit. Right. But even think about like he's saying he got a tech company and not to like say Yeah but I just feel his, He could, his roots is in the streets. He could still be in the streets. It could be that shit could be under To wash his money. Like he just trying to wash his money with legit businesses and shit. Right. You know, he could still have, now he may not be the one that's on the streets, the in the streets distributing anymore, but he could be the plug. He could be, he still got his hands in it some type of way. And I'm not saying we're not saying he does, but that could still be the case. Like you said. So like Taylor said, so see receipts, you know what I'm saying?


Don't just jump out the fucking window or not, not even delve. Don't even dive into that. You know, like you said, just, just no, just steer clear of that life. That's, that's what you, you say you made it very clear in your passage that you read to me. Like during the time of our relationship he was back and forth to prison, involved in shootouts, all the things that would make a girl want out. You been wanted out. You just felt some type of devotion to him because he's also your childhood friend. You said in all the years we were together I had to deal with that and more house raised long sleepless nights. And you said he never cheated as far as you know, which is fine, but that's not even the tip of that shit. Yeah. That that's everything. That's watching your back. That's you being even affiliated with a nigga who got a target on him every day.


You know what I'm saying? You don't wanna marry nobody or throw your life away for somebody that gotta still watch his back 'cause he is done so much dirt in his, in his earlier life, you know, Emini here earlier in his life. You know, you just, that shit is dangerous. You know, you don't wanna be one of those girls. You really, really don't. You know, and you seem like you got a really, really good thing going. And I would, I would honestly hate, should I hold it on to the what if? Yeah. To the what if? Yep. From, from a long time ago. Yo, the way you speak about your fiance is amazing, is like immaculate. Like you can't even see yourself without this man. You know? And you met him at a perfect time right after you gave a God ultimatum and you kind of cut it off with him.


He went to jail so he couldn't even, he wasn't even out to disrupt your relationship or whatever. You met him at a great time. You leave that chapter Where the fuck it was at?


Now we got a commercial and if you click off this podcast, I swear I'm gonna beat your ass. Listen, The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring into your car. The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing misogyny seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional Features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified. To operate certified by Chev.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You have to meet up with this nigga again and you gotta tell him. 'cause one thing about drug dealers or ex-drug dealers or whatever, they used to getting what they want. Yeah. And he gonna start acting out. You know what I'm saying? Like he's not going to stop trying to prove to you that he is ready to be with you now. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Even if he did turn, you know, turn great or do a whole 360 with his life, you feel me? It still just, I, I think things happen. Like Taylor was saying, things happen for a reason. You know, it was a reason why you were supposed to meet your new guy. You know what Emini here, I'm gonna just call you new guy Malachi, and I'm gonna call your ex Canaan. It was the reason why you met Malachi and you let Canaan slide up in the bank.


You said you thought he was about to rob it bitch. Right. And you talking about LOL No bitch, you was dead serious. You got scared of shit. You probably felt like Frankie and set it off. The fuck. Because what's the procedure when a gun is to your head? Exactly. Your ass got scared of shit talking about butterflies. Yeah, right. You was scared at first and then when you And But even with that though, yeah you are coming to my my like workplace just to, to like, I don't like that. Yep. That seems very It is Aggressive. It is. It is very possessive too. Yeah. Like she always mind she gonna be mine type shit. And most of the time those mindsets don't, don't get very far either it results in something bad.


'cause if I can't have you, nobody will them them. It's guys that really, really live by that shit. Yeah, for sure. You know what I'm saying? And that shit, I be watching Snapped And I DTV and all of that shit. That shit be going down man. And women be scared for their fucking lives. These men are these, these men. Especially these obsessive and possessive men. You know, my ex Was almost like that. Yeah. So you dealt with somebody like that almost. Yeah. Almost only way to say almost is because he was saying like just like, I don't care if you're, he thought I was like married or something like that. Hmm. And he said he didn't care. He was like, I don't care if you're married like we, me and you have like over, over the Dog possessive.


Oh my God. Y'all had a fucking dog. See y'all had a fucking child. Yeah. It was my child so, or he's my child. So, Okay, so who bought the child? I don't know how he got the dog, but I'm sorry. He gave it to me though. Like, Oh, okay. So it sounds like a father. He sounds like the fucking father. So I don't know where he got the dog from. So he got the dog for you? I was literally a single mom out here. Oh, okay. So when he got the dog I was taking care of like, It was like he dropped you off and he was a deadbeat. We weren't even together. Oh, okay. And so he but were you single around this time? Did he know you were single? Yes. Alright. So that's what it was. He just didn't want you to be with somebody else trying, he wanted you to be Single. I was here, I knew I was dating.


Mm. Like it was like, he just felt, I guess just always an attachment. Yes. In A sense. That's how it is. It's dumb because I didn't, it was nothing. I didn't lead him. To me, the only type of lead on was when I went away. Okay. You could wash the dog. That's it. There's no like romantic Nothing. Yeah. Yeah. So it was weird. Damn. But I know when people do get pets together, that does put a different expectation on the relationship because people will be like, nah, this is like our practice child. Yeah. Kind of. Sort of. You didn't even, I remember I had a goldfish with a nigga who thought I was a bitch. I was like, first of all, Not a goldfish Girl guys. The fish was called Samson.


Like Uhuh, why the fuck? And then why would you name my fucking fish dead? So I already was turned off anyway. I'm not ever gonna fucking be with you. Same thing did I changed The name of the Dog anyway. Oh, so it was named something else? Yes. Yeah. Like I told my, I'm Not, you really didn't want nothing to do him if a while? No. Okay. Like we were broken up. The only reason why we stayed friends 'cause of him. 'cause he didn't really didn't do nothing wrong. I just Right, right, Right. We just ran Online Apart. It's what it is. Right. But like he was, But so look, the, was the breakup bad? No, It wasn't a break or wasn't a bad breakup. So he thought that it was still, I just remember him when I did break up with him. Like I, And I told him on the phone, I remember him calling me back and was like, I know you don't think that I'm about to let you go this easily.


And I was like, yeah sir, You will Like Girl, you'll have to because this is done. But damn. Now let me ask you, because he probably thought it was still like some reconcile. Like they, he probably thought it was still able to be reconciled because, But you were And I told him like we were better off as friends Because it wasn't a bad breakup. Okay. 'cause what happened was, if, to be honest, I felt like in a sense he loved by me into The relationship. Oh yeah. So, and it was just nice. See I have, I let somebody do that to me too. And I knew I really didn't want to take it that far. It was just like a rebound situation. I, I was like, I'll be honest, I I was loved bombed by my ex, by Wayne.


I, I got loved bombed by, by Wayne. You know what? Emini here. And it was what I needed at the time. 'cause I had never been shown that right before. You know what I'm saying? Like, oh this, oh, it is possible for somebody to spoil you. Right. It is possible for this type of love and he's emotionally intelligent and he, you know, so what Wayne did was just show me that there is love out there like that. Right. You know, I was just so used to toxicity and drug dealers and niggas who using me and shit like that. You know what I'm saying? And then he came along, showed me that that was different. And then I think what me and Wayne didn't do was become friends first. Right. And Exactly. Because If I would've just became his friends, we would've never been together. We would've just been friends. Right. Because Wayne is a really good person. You know?


That's What I feel like too. Yeah. He just loved Bond me And I was like, I felt obligated to just, oh shit, well I'm gonna just be with him then, you know? But it's like, no. And then that was, you know, what, six fucking years ago or whatever, you know? So I don't know. I didn't know now then what I know now. Yeah. You know, so. Yeah. But yeah, we were together. I am grateful. I don't regret it though. Together for Like four years. Like Yeah. And you still, what are you hold on to, sir? Yeah, that's crazy. And cla and, and some trash. Like he from Philly? No. Oh. Who? He's from fucking in New York and he just From New York. Oh. They office possessive. Let me ask you this real quick before we get outta here, because we passed 20 new, he's said They are possessive. Yes. They are the new office.


Yes. But is he like Caribbean, Jamaican or something like that? He, 'cause all of that gives like Haitian, I think he had roots in some island, but Okay. It's not like he like shows Up as that. Okay. Okay. I got you. But He had a lot of, he just, he's a good guy I guess. Yeah. But he just, yeah, he had issues. It was a lot of issues. No, I feel you. Yeah. Well I think we gave this, this woman a great sense of direction as it pertains to advice. I think she should, she ly gonna do what she wanna do. Obviously she's still in love with her ex or she thinks she is.


Yeah. I think her feelings are mixed. I think what she's feeling is not an obligation to the guy. I think like she don't Emini here. I don't think what she's feeling is love all over again. I think she's just probably scared and she's frantic. She don't know what to do. She's stressed out. She's like, ah, should I go back? Or, And I think that's because you wasn't think about she gave that   her Word wasn't you said yes to the proposal. Like I don't Yep. You wasn't thinking about him. 'cause I, she wasn't thinking about him 'cause she wasn't in contact with him. Yeah. I don saying, I think she do need to move on though. Stay moved on. Yeah, move on. Fuck that On please Girl. Fuck that then. You don't know what the fuck your fiance done went through neither. You know what I'm saying? You don't know what he went through and how he ended up with you. He probably felt like you were the one just like you felt like he was the one, you know, he probably had somebody do this shit to him before.


And here you go about to do it again. Jesus girl. So To me, So keep me updated and write me back Baby girl. All right. All right. And just like that we come to the end of yet another Kale Reckless podcast episode with your girl. Just hilarious. Y'all say thank you to Taylor. 'cause Taylor showed up and showed out today. Personal experiences and everything. Alright until, let's say thank y'all. Thank y'all. Why am I saying thank you though? I don't know. Don't worry about it. I don't even fucking know. Thank you for listening. I don't fucking know. They love you too, girl. They writing me and shit. They love you too. Alright, cool. So we love y'all. We'll talk to y'all next week.


Peace.


Carefully. Reckless is a production of iHeartRadio and The Black Effect. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is Ashley I from the Ben and Ashley I almost famous podcast. Hi friends. Looking to refresh your wardrobe. Dive into Bo's fabulous collection of trendy dresses, chic tops, cozy sweaters, and fabulous denim. With great quality and affordable prices. It's easy to find your perfect look. Whether you're looking for something summery like for the beach, or if you're looking for just something to pick up your kids in and look actually cute and put together. Visit b.com today and start your style journey with B. Shop now@b.com. That is b.com. Let me spell that out for you. BOHM e.com. B-O-H-M-E. Dot com. Dot com.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.