
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody. It's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Lowe's knows that free is just better. That's why Mil Lowe's Rewards is free. To join. As a member, you earn points towards Mil Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get exclusive free gifts and earn free shipping at Silver Key Status. All on top of weekly member only deals. Don't wait. Join my Lowe's rewards for free today and start saving more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Clorox and Diva smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox and feels like. Hmm. All right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox Tiva now available in Clorox. Tiva lavender cent bleach uses directed


Welcome to Can't Believe Reckless the production of iHeart Radio and The Black Effect. And just like that. We're back with yet another Carefully Reckless episode with your girl. Just hilarious. What do I be doing? I be fixing mess. So we gonna jump straight in. We got Taylor here. Yours, she gonna be in and out 'cause she got some stuff to do today. She'll lofi busy and pregnant over there. So say Hey Taylor. Hey. All right y'all, so I'm gonna read, I'm gonna start off reading and then I'll feel you and when you come back. Okay. All right.


What's popping Jess? I'm gonna start off strong. I'm a 27-year-old lesbian who has, damn, okay. Alright. She did say she gonna start off strong. I'm a 27-year-old lesbian who has a girlfriend who sells feet pics. Okay. She hasn't always done it, but she's definitely doing it now. About three months ago, she lost her job and I've been carrying her. We also live with each other, by the way. Recently things have been getting kind of slow because it's only one working person in the household and all my income is going toward bills and et cetera. So that means no extra shit been going on. Hmm. Yes, she was looking for jobs, but no luck. One day outta nowhere, she just deposited $3,500 in my account.


She told me this was from the last two months rent and she'll have another 3000 next week. So now I'm like, okay, you found a job? And she's saying yes, she's doing paid partnerships and collapse and it's turning out well for her. I didn't really question it too much. I was just happy that things were turning around. So a few days ago I had to pick up her phone for something And I seen a message that said, you ready? In my head, I'm like, you ready for what? But I just let it play out. She didn't go nowhere. So I'm like, who could this be that night? I decided to pick up her phone again and see who texted her. I looked through the thread and she's been sending feet pics and videos of herself to this number for the past two months. When I say this nigga paying hundreds of dollars for this girl's feet, he really is.


And her feet. Not even all that damn a yo, you better fucking chill. Anyways, the messages weren't crazy, it just seemed like she just sends what she sends and he sends the funds and that be it. Okay. All right. So it's, it's kind of platonic a little bit. Like it's, well not platonic 'cause he beating off to her feet, but in a way Emini here, it ain't really doing them. I honestly don't really know how I feel about it, but I do wanna say something. Not gonna lie. I feel like the only reason she hasn't said anything, because she may feel embarrassed and Emini here. I don't prefer her to do that, but until she can get to where she wants to be, I'm not gonna knock her. But yes, there are other ways to make money.


How would you approach this situation, Jess? Honestly, it's so much of a shit to trip about y'all. I Emini here. This is not one of 'em. I, I'm just gonna be completely honest with you. Y'all come to me so I can help fix y'all mess And I only fix y'all mess based off of my experience. Right. And I just don't really feel like it's that serious for you to, you know, I Emini here. You didn't say you were gonna break up with her. All right. So Taylor just joined us again. All right. So basically his girl, oh no, she's a 27-year-old lesbian. Yes. She came on strong. Yes. All right, my bad. So her girlfriend, you know, she's been them two live in a house together, right?


And so she had lost her job. The girlfriend lost her job, but the girl that's riding us, she, she been working and she been taking care of the household and everything, but shit just getting a little tight because it's only one person making money in the household. Right. So outta nowhere, her girlfriend just dropped $3,500 in the account, right? And she like, fuck, okay, cool. She ain't never asked her where it came from or nothing. And she was like, I'm gonna give you another 3000 next week. And so she, she like, oh shit. All right, cool. So she just, you know, just dropping money, paying bills and shit. Okay. So she like, she goes in her phone and she see that her girl been sending videos of her feet and pictures of her feet to this guy who's paying hundreds of dollars.


Okay? She went up and down the thread, she, and she feel like, is it cheating or is it not? And then also why her girlfriend didn't say anything to her. She felt like she may be embarrassed and shit, but you know, she was like, I don't wanna knock what she do, but it's like there are other ways to make money. Did she confront her already? Nah. Oh nah, she hasn't. She said she wants to. 'cause she wanna know how should she approach the situation. If she's not mad about it, then just be like, yeah, I don know how you getting the money. Like, and she said they ain't talking about nothing else. Literally she sends the feet, the nigga send the funds. So just feet funds, feet funds, feet funds. You know what I'm saying? That's it. They ain't talking about, no, I love you. I can't wait to see you, I wanna suck on your feet or whatever.


He just, yeah, that's weird. That's a fetish. And that, that I, this is not the first time I've heard of some shit like this. Like niggas pay big bread to see bitches play with they feet on OnlyFans. Like yes, they do that. That's so weird. Hold up, hold up. I know this shit getting good. But listen to just a couple seconds of a commercial. If you love me, you'll listen. Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts.


State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new Era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Everybody, It's your favorite play. Cousin Junior from the Steel Ray Warning show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker.


Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Seba And I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist, it's efficacious, you're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life Meaningful. Beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


So I don't, if she's not mad, I Don't feel like it's a cheat. I don't feel like it's cheating what I said. Yeah, I, I feel like this, I honestly and truly feel that it's other shit to trip about in relationships. You know, she'll be getting the money and she's getting it on it. She's not, it is not illegal. Right? She ain't gotta watch her back. She ain't selling drugs. She not cheating on you. You know what Emini here, she don't even know the guy never met the guy Emini here. You know what I'm saying? If you do research to find that out, you probably would find that out. But Emini here, unless she has, unless she's a deep thinker, like what else has she done behind my Back? She starts doing that and that's, Yeah, overthinking. Sure. Just trying to find a way to get some bread after trying to look for a job and yo, and then hold up.


The girlfriend said, and this is just crazy because like her feet ain't even all that. Hey yo, damn. Why? Yes. Like, why would you even do that? Like, that's fucked up. You know? Honestly, maybe they could go in together and be like, I got another feet for you. And then he gets double and he pays more. What if her feet fucked up? Yeah. What if she got stud feet? I don't know what Stud feet is. Oh, okay. Okay. Hey yo, I got Emini here. I don't know what stud feet are. What if, what if, what if shorty? That's right. This what if her feet ain't all that? Well she gotta Get it right then. Yeah. He'll say just tell him I got some more feet.


Yeah. And he'll, he'll pay double. You are dumb. Yo, that's not how that goes. You said I got some more feet for you. Well how Can we get more money out of it? Right, right. Yeah. Well yeah, I that's But how she should have approached the situation. Yeah, just sit down and talk to her about it. Honestly, I would tell her that just sneaky ass went through our phone. That's it. And, and this is how I would do it. So you sit it down and say, look babe, I've been carrying us and everything and, And I really, really appreciate you just dropping that 3,500 in the, in the account. I did have some questions about where it came from And I, and maybe I should have asked you right then and there, but you know, I just, you know, let it be, you know, I, you know, you gained some independence.


It was cool. It was cool. But I did go through your phone. I got a little, got a little courageous, went through your phone And I seen that you be sending feet pics and shit and don't tell her her feet ain't all that. Just, just leave that part out. But tell her the, you know, be honest with her. Like, yo, it bothered me. It kind of bothered me a little bit to see you send the pictures, like sending pictures and videos to this guy who's paying you all this bread Emini here. I don't know how. And you can even be honest and tell it. I don't know how I would feel about it. I don't know if I feel like you're cheating. I don't know if I should be mad, angry, insecure, betrayed, whatever. I don't know how I feel. I just wanna talk to you about it and you, you know, and then y'all can just hash that shit out.


You know, that's just what 90% of a fucking no 80% of a fucking relationship is communication. You have to have communication and then, you know, have sex and chill out for the rest of the night. Hey yo. For real? So I'm moving on to another story. Taylor, you can read this one. Okay. Okay. Hey Jess. What's up? So I'm gonna get straight to it. I think I finally found the love of my life. I'm so happy with him. He's a gentleman, a family man and romantic. We have only been together for almost a year, but I really think he's the one, like I said. But the issue is I have a best friend who seems to be jealous of him now. Me and my best friend have been friends for about eight years.


That's my sis for real. But ever since I've been dating this guy, she seems to be a lot more protective. And even said when she met him, she didn't feel she would get along with him. Which is crazy 'cause he's been nothing but nice to her and I'm happy with him. So I would think she'll be happy for me. Plus she got a guy of her own that she claims she's happy with, but trust me, they got issues. But that's a story for another day. Anyway, she ended up ruining a surprise gift from my boyfriend and claimed she told me to make sure I would like it. Like what the fuck? Hmm. It's a surprise. Why would you ruin that? And she's not even being apologetic towards it. I'm upset with her and my boyfriend definitely is too. I just don't know what to do.


'cause I want everyone to get along. Mm. Yeah. That's crazy. It, it sounds like there's a bit of jealousy there actually. Which is worse. I think envy is worse than jealousy. 'cause envy is when Oh you start being like, like isn't that the same thing? Well kind of sorta of. Yeah. Emini here. 'cause being jealous is just Yeah, like envious. I want what that person got and I'm gonna get it type shit. Oh, envy is more revenge. I think I wanna sa Yeah, yeah. More. Yeah, I wanna sabotage. I wanna sabotage it. Okay. I think Emini here, it sounds like your friend is jealous. I won't say envy. Jealous. And also it is a little bit of envy there because maybe she wants what you have, you know what Emini here and that two things can be true at one time.


All right, so like, she loves you, she is your friend. Yes. Because I've had a situation similar like this before, but when you were single, I bet you there were no problems. Like when you were single and shit Emini here, that's kind of what you hinted to. Like you know, since you've been with this new guy, she's been acting out in a way that is just like, like she's never acted out this way before. So that tells me she's used to you being one way. Like sometimes your friends can't take to see you happier than they are or if I'm saying it right. You get what I'm saying? Because when I got into my relationship and my boyfriend slash fiance site, like he's now my fiance, you know, when he proposed and everything, it was a lot of people that I thought would be happy for me that was not, and this is close friends, like close friends, close family, like oh I wasn't there and all that type of shit that, but this is also the friend and family that's like going through shit in their own life.


You know what Emini here, when I was single, everything was cool. We was kicking it and shit. Or when Chris was just my boyfriend and before I had my daughter, before I got pregnant. Like when he was just my boyfriend, it was like he was no threat. You know what Emini here. But he outta nowhere became a threat. Once I got pregnant, then I'm spending more time with him than we got the baby. And I don't, I'm not around as much. And I live in Jersey now. And it, from the outside looking in, it's like, oh, you up there with your perfect fucking family. Yeah. While I'm down here, you know, still fucking with this nigga who cheating on me, who not, you know, I can, I don't even have you to talk to no more because you're so fucking happy. That is projection. Yeah. Like shit.


And friends will do that. And that's how, that's why I had to kind of explain it. 'cause I think that's what, I think that's what she's, she's going through, you know what Emini here especially 'cause like I've been in situations like that and versus like where I didn't like my friend's boyfriend because I like, he wasn't good Friend. He wasn't a good, yeah. Was that, was you being a good friend though? Yeah. Like, but I would n never try to like necessarily sabotage her Relationship. Yes. Especially if this person really makes her happy. Right. You know what Emini here, like exactly. If this person really out here making you happy and shit, why would your friend hate on that? And then telling you about the fucking surprise that is just so wrong and insanely annoying.


Like why would you do it? I want to make sure that you liked it. That's so fucking weird. And then I wonder if she's the type friend that is used to like, she has to be a part of everything. Everything. Right? You know what, Emini here? Yeah, because that, that, that's how I don't know man. Because he Told, he told your friend in confidence to He even included this bitch. Yeah. And like, that's so weird. I wonder if, if, if she's had a conversation, if you love me, you'll listen to this commercial and then we'll be right back.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


Here everybody. It's your favorite play. Cousin Junior from the Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering. All backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra. And experience the uncompromising strength with its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford And I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you Just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


So wait, what was the question? Like what should she say to the friend? What Does she do? She wants everyone to get along. She's not apologetic about it. Like she don't Think she did anything. Oh, the friend, okay. She don't think she anything wrong. So the friend don't even care. Yeah. And mm, the boyfriend's up. Like it's causing A risk set up. It's like it is like, come on yo, this is too much. Shorty is weird. Sometimes you gotta fall back from people babe. Like fall back. If it doesn't align with your happiness and the path that you're on, sometimes you gotta be a little selfish. And I know that seems wrong to say, but nah. Like you shorty gotta grow up. Your friend has to grow up and she has to to do some inner work because that is all projection.


Like she's supposed to be happy for you. You feel me? But sometimes people can't see past their own misery. Especially know what Emini here, Especially if she has Emini here, like she says she's, they got issues. Yeah, but you have a whole nother relationship to worry about. So why the fuck are you over here? Because ain't shit going on over there. Yeah, she probably being cheated on or you know, whatever. Or emotionally betrayed or just whatever they, they not communicating. She's probably sexually frustrated. Anything could be happening. So projection, she's, she's fucking projecting. And then the fact that she's not apologetic about it, that's really a slap in the face of somebody who's been your friend. You feel me? So that's the reason 'cause you know it, it is principles, it's it is principles to this shit.


And the principle is you're not a friend if you don't even feel any remorse for what the fuck you did. Yeah. Like I just wanna see if you liked it. Nah, bitch you, this makes you feel good. Like causing havoc makes you feel good. I feel like that was, that was, that was just bullshit for you to tell for you know, you to tell your homegirl about the fucking surprise. Even how she said, she said like she's been protective over me, she's still trying to make her friends sound like she's being A good friend. I know and that's why I'm like, no, you can't do that. That's Probably use that on her And your boyfriend. Trust me, your boyfriend definitely sees that there's some type of manipulation. She, you know what Emini here, like that shit is no, no, don't let her play on your heartstrings.


And right now, yo, you happy with somebody so I wouldn't let nothing fuck that up. You know, not even a jealous ass friend. 'cause there's room for both. They, their roles should never cross. You know what? Emini here, that's your friend. That your man, it should be nothing. She should never even feel a certain way about him unless he is not good for you. But the way you are putting it to me is he's great. It's the best, best thing that ever happened to your ass. You know? So stick with that. 'cause it's, it's very seldom that you find somebody out here like for you that makes you happy. You wanna have a family, you trying to, you know, man, you got shit to do, shit to work on. Do you think They just stop being friends? I think she should fall back.


I wouldn't say throw away the relationship, the friendship. You know, obviously the girl do love her. I'm not going, you know, even, even the jealous people, you know, even jealous friends. 'cause sometimes you gotta knock some sense into them. Motherfuckers they don't know all the time. And I, I'm not saying gonna beat your friend up, I'm saying sometimes you have to show a person a mirror 'cause she don't know what she doing. Like she know what she doing, but she don't really realize how fucked up she is. And this is a reaction to how she, she's reacting to what the fuck is going on in her life, but she's projecting at the same time. But she don't see it like that. You feel me? She, she know what she doing, but at the same time she don't, she don't realize why she doing this shit.


And sometimes you gotta turn the mirror on a person, but I think that's not your job. That's a therapist's job to do that for her. You know? So I will fall back. I will fall back. The no remorse thing is just, is that's fucked up. So sometimes you gotta fall back from a person and let her come around, you know, let her come around and let her come around when she got some sense. And when she ready to have a real conversation and you're actually ready to sit down and tell her what I just told you. Yeah. Like, yo, you've been projecting on me. I feel like, you know, like, no, you really gotta have uncomfortable conversations with your friends sometimes. And that's how you really stand to see if they you're real friends or not. You know, friends, fuss friends, fight friends make up, you know, and, and friends keep it real with each other.


So I think I just think you should fall back, fix what you got at home, you know? 'cause it's, it's starting to be a strain. Emini here, a drain on your relationship is starting to fuck up shit. You make sure your house is good. You make sure you and your significant other are good. Fall back from her, let her come around, you know? And then y'all work to repair that relationship, you know? Yeah. And if she don't change, y'all just grew apart. That's you go your way. She go hers. That's how that shit go. You know, never let nobody disturb your peace. Your peace is all you got, you know? So I liked it. I love y'all. Catch y'all next week. Peace.


Can't Lee Reckless is a production of iHeartRadio and The Black Effect. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Jr from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get a tundra with available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more.


Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You know, some people say that ooo, business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@oo.com od oh.com.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And you know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International, Inc.