
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle A black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap. Wear and love Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings. Designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Starro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Welcome to Carefully Reckless, a production of iHeartRadio and the Black Effect Ain't just like that. We're back on the air. Welcome back to yet another podcast episode with your girl. Just hilarious what I be doing. I'll be fixing mess. And that's why the name of the podcast is called Carefully Reckless. And I look, I never explained that to nobody, right? So Carefully Reckless. I know y'all probably like, what the hell does that even mean Emini here? Well, other than it being obvious, I'm reckless, but I'm still careful at the same time. And I got the name reckless from being a clap back queen and being just with the mess early on in my career before I rebranded my phone, you know, I was a little messy.


So you know, I, I would say I was reckless, you know? But as time went on And I grew up and everything, I became very careful of things that I talked about and then just going through controversy and all of that type of stuff and then just having to bounce back and be resilient and just rebrand myself. So that's why I like to sugarcoat it by saying Carefully Reckless. I'm not just reckless now I'm Carefully Reckless. That's why I started using words like allegedly when I'm reporting shit, you know? But we're gonna jump straight into it. 'cause I be fixing mess now. I guess it's just over for the voice memos and shit. 'cause y'all don't be sending me them no more. So that lets me know that more people than before is paying attention. And I love it. I got more listeners because people be trying to listen for y'all voice And I love that.


Thank you very much. Let's get right into it. Hmm. Now I had a little shot, y'all, so I'm, I'm on one of that. But we got these stories and we gonna get right into it. Hold up, hold up, hold up. I said that three times and ain't start reading yet. Child please. Okay, here we go. I think I already read this one. Okay. Oh wait, this the same. Damn girl. Damn bitch you got a problem every week. Shit. Okay, lemme just scroll on down. I scrolled up. I fixed so mess a few weeks ago. Like, bitch, you need to take a vacation to go sit down some damn way. Alright. Oh my God, Jess, I have a dilemma. So I got this friend who unfortunately has a girlfriend, right? But this story isn't about him, it's about her. So when we first were introduced at his 21st birthday party, I honestly thought she didn't like the fact that her boyfriend had a close female friend, which a lot of women have issues with for no reason.


Ah, well bitch, it be for reasons. But I understand what you're saying though. But her delivery and approach with me was just off. Okay? So your friends with this guy and his girlfriend has a problem with you. Okay? I just had to dissect it real quick. All right. So for the listeners who, who didn't understand, I didn't understand either, now we can move forward because you fucked this next sentence up so bad. I'm gonna summarize what I think you mean. Okay, so this is what they wrote. 'cause I just gotta put you out there for this grammatical era, it says, unlike when she was talking to everyone else, even the other women, and the difference between me and them is I'm gages. Okay? So she was talking to other women that she was actually probably cool with, but she got a problem with you and she shouldn't because you gay is what you're saying.


Okay, got you. Now does she know you gay? But let, but let's continue. So I came to the conclusion she didn't like me because I was me or because I was gay. Huh. And honestly I was fine with that. Damn, wait a minute, bitches, you drunk. God damn what? Lemme read this again. So I came to the conclusion that she didn't like me because I was me or because I was gay. Right? Okay, I got you, I got you. Okay. And I honestly was fine with that. For months, we basically avoided each other. Not really conversing, just hi and bye when she hung out with us all. Now about two months went by and we were all at our friend Mist party. Everyone participated in Secret Santa, which was amazing.


But my heart dropped when I realized who had me. It was her. Oh shit. She was pretty cool when she approached me this time and even apologized for being standoffish in the past. Okay, that's cool. Me being me, I told her it was fine. And then she gave me my gift. I thanked her and walked off. So it's later that night and we were all drinking, just enjoying ourselves. I invited everyone out to smoke, but they complained it was cold. So I stepped outside alone and two minutes later, here she goes, standing by the door staring. It's just like a junkie motherfucker. I swear Emini here and and I'm one of them too. But yo, we don't give a fuck how cold it is outside. If it's raining, if it's pouring down snow, sleet, hell, if we wanna hit a blinky, we gonna hit that blinky.


Okay? I told her to come sit with me and hit the blunt, which she did. And we talked and talked and talked for what seemed like 10 minutes, but it was really an hour. We had so much in common. It felt like we were soulmates. Talking to her made me feel something I've never felt before. Damn. But you fell in love bitch over a blunt in in 10 minutes. Well an hour. Mm. And it was great, but I knew it was wrong. Ooh. I tried avoiding her after that, but it didn't work. Wait a minute, let me just finish reading this story. This shit is unraveling pretty quickly. Next time I knew I was see her was New Year's And I was right. As soon as I walked in, I greeted everyone and was suddenly pulled into the bathroom. Now in my mind I'm wondering how nobody seen her and why did she pull me on this sounds a little rapey.


Damn. She knows it's wrong. I can't do this to basically my brother. Like that's crazy. But then she kissed me and everything went out the window. Oh mother. Literally after things started progressing and it was too much to the point where my guilty conscience was screaming at me in my head, I honestly didn't know what to do. I know what's wrong And I know I should tell him, but we've been friends literally since we were in diapers. Mm. I just know it would crush him. Any advice? Nah. But you on your own with this one. I ain't gonna hold you. I don't know what to say. Nah, I got you. I ain't gonna leave you hanging boy. Hold up, hold up. I know this shit getting good. But listen to just a couple seconds of a commercial. If you love me, you'll listen. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime.


So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting.


And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling.


Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy. Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spins games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino.


Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc. Now look, I ain't gonna lie, we got one. So look, that's gonna be the sound I make when we read a story that we've never gotten before. Y'all listeners, we have never heard a story like this before. Okay? I like this. I ain't saying we ain't never seen nothing like this in life, but ain't nobody ever write me something like this.


Nobody ever wrote me a story like this and asked me to fix they mess. So for one, like I said, I appreciate you being honest and open enough to come out to me and tell me this shit because this is a bold story And I hope your friend do not listen to this shit. Okay? So here we are. I think the advice starts with your friend to be honest with you. Oh well you know what, we gotta back that up because you engaged with the friend and it takes two to fucking tango and when she snatched your ass into the bathroom, you should have jacked the up on a wall and said, look bitch, you gotta chill. You dating my brother. My brother says diapers. You gotta relax. All right now I don't wanna betray him and you shouldn't wanna betray him either, but steady you here trying to eat my pussy in the bathroom.


The fuck? Get your mind right Bitch backhander walk out. That's what you should have did. That was the scene, right? But you didn't, y'all orally made love in the bathroom like, And I just meant tugging each other down. I didn't mean y'all went down on each other and nothing. That's crazy. And then you, what you said is you knew it was wrong but everything went out the fucking window when she kissed you. And you know what this all starts with You inviting her outside to sit down over a blunt and y'all having a fucking conversation. But listen, this is also what I realized. Maybe she didn't like you because she liked you. If you get my drift, if you get where I'm going, you remember back in the day when you was in elementary school when you would have like a bully.


You know what, Emini here. And then later on you found out that that person really likes you and shit. That's exactly how I feel like this story is. I feel like she, she didn't like you 'cause she was intimidated by you. I don it was never about the boyfriend. Maybe she always knew you was gay. Maybe the boyfriend told her that you were gay and maybe she was a little gay or bisexual And she was like, damn, really that's what I want anyway. You know what I'm saying? So she been had her eye on you obviously. And she just didn't know how you would approach the situation, you know what I'm saying? She was trying to read the room, read the temperature of you and yeah, when she realized how easy your ass was, she got you and you fell for the fucking bait and you're a horrible friend for this shit.


I'm not gonna lie to you. Now we make mistakes as friends all the time, but baby girl, you was horrible for this shit because like you said, if it's going through your mind that you're wrong in that moment that something is actually happening that you know should not be happening, then you, you're aware, you know it ain't, it is not a mistake. That's what makes it purposeful. You know what I'm saying? Like you did this shit on purpose. You did this shit with a purpose and what was the purpose? But tell me what was the purpose like Cardi say, what was the reason? What was the reason? You know how many fish in the sea and you all gay? So how many girls out there waiting to munch on you? Oh yeah.


You know what I'm saying? And you gonna fuck with your brother's girl on the side. Both of y'all need your hit smack period. All right? And I'm saying that to you outta love. 'cause I don't want you to get mad at me, but I tell it like it is boo. I don't always take the side of the person writing me the story, you know what I'm saying? Because sometimes y'all be wrong. A lot of times y'all are not. But sometimes very seldom y'all are the ones wrong. You know what Emini here. So you asked me what did you, what should you do? I said all that to say you should have a conversation with the girlfriend. I understand because I wanna know what do you want out of this shit? Like y'all need to figure out what the fuck y'all want. You know? And she need to stop leaving main man on if she knows she really want pussy, you know what I'm saying?


If she knows she really wanna dive deep into the cootie cat, my nigga, why is you dealing with a nigga that got a thing, thing that swing, swing. You know what I'm saying? If that's what you want, you want the split in the clip, then you don't need to be fucking with the dick. Yo, I'm clearly feeling the shot, but I'm feeling this episode too. So I want you to sit down and talk to your friend after talking to the girlfriend. And the reason why I think you, you and the girlfriend owe each other a conversation because y'all need to really decipher what it is. Y'all, y'all like y'all did. You know what I'm saying? Like what it is. Like what was it? Was that just the moment? Is this something that y'all gonna be sneaking around doing?


Have you thought about her since that shit happened? Is there a lusting desire for her? You know what I'm saying? Because obviously we know there's one for you on her side. You get what I'm saying? Like, but we can't control her, you know what I'm saying? You can only control yourself. You can only control yourself and your loyalty lies with her boyfriend, your brother, since diapers. Remember I'm just repeating back to you what you told me. I'm just spitting it back at you. This is, this is your brother since diapers. Boo boo. Okay? Now I done heard of niggas doing this shit betraying they mans and shit, you know what I'm saying? But I ain't never heard of a stud doing it. And, and and, and you may not be a stud, but something is telling me you are my gaar senses is tingling And I feel a patch of stud in your story.


You know what Emini here And I just want you to be honest with yourself. Do you feel that's the last time you'll ever get tongue down by that girl? Do you feel it's the last time that, that you will try to make a pass at her? Do you feel it's the last time she would try to make a a pass at you? Y'all need to figure out what it is. You know what I'm saying? And, and then for the sake of your friend, if you really want your relationship, you need to shut that down. I think you need to tell a girl, look shit what we did, it was wrong. It was a fucking mistake. I thought you didn't like me at first. You know what, Emini here. So I was being nice when I invited you outside to smoke that blunt with me and shit. And we talked and we realized we had more in common than, than, you know, we had realized or whatever.


You know what I'm saying? I don't know if that was your, your goal from jump, you know what I'm saying? If you was plotting the whole time and shit, but like, yo, that's my brother. And I know we already didn't kind went there 'cause you ain't telling, telling me if y'all slept together or not. But I'm just saying like I, you could say, I know we kinda already went there, but I am realizing this is not the road I want to go down 'cause I don't wanna lose my brother. And we're doing this behind his back And I know what he won't, what he don't know won't hurt him. But I don't wanna betray my brother any more than I already have. That's the conversation you have with her. I don't know what her, her response will be. It could be one of two things. It could be, it's probably more options. It could be, but the main two, it could be either she understands and she goes to live happily ever after with your brother since diapers.


Or she can say No, I want you, I just don't know how to tell him. You know what Emini here, like I, I don't. I'm bisexual. I'm attracted to you. I wanted you, I just didn't know like how to go about telling you. And I think about you all the time. What you gonna do? Something tells me that you gonna take B, B you gonna take B and be like, all right well fuck it. We gonna fuck right now. You know what I'm saying? But you shouldn't do that if you value the relationship that you have with her man after you had that conversation, you go to him. You tell him, be honest. Be honest. Okay? If she ain't, you need to do it. 'cause y'all got the most history. Y'all been friends since diapers. Okay, I'm gonna keep on throwing it at you 'cause I want you to feel bad about the shit you did bad enough to not fuck with this girl again.


Okay? If you love me, you'll listen to this commercial and then we'll be right back.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an nice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at the switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Starro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


And then good friendships are just hard to find. You know, I know it sounds like I'm joking a lot and playing a lot. Nah, that's the casamigos talking baby. I'm dead ass serious. Like friends are very hard to find And I, and it's very seldom that you hear somebody say, oh we've been friends since diapers. You know, I'm not gonna say it's seldom that you hear that, but how many of those connections are still connected? You know, most friendships these days, long, long childhood friendships these days, they break up because people grow up. They go to their separate ways. People realize that they're not who they used to be and some people can't grow in other areas and you just never know. You know what I'm saying? So like good friendships, long lasting friendships are hard as fuck to find guys.


So I just, I want you to really value that 'cause you do seem like you, you love your brother. Yeah you do. But that also wasn't in front of your mind when you got pulled in that bathroom that was like in more so in the rear view, you know what I'm saying? And so, you know, yeah you tried it as a friend, you definitely did try, try your man's or whatever. But I think that you owe him that explanation. You just owe him that explanation. Now I know a lot of my listeners are like, well shit, she don't need to tell her friend if her and the girl done severed ties. Like if they, but it's gonna be awkward as fuck 'cause shorty sneaky, you know what Emini here, it obviously feels like shorty sneaky anytime you being pulled and groped in the bathroom and you're being fondled and spreading your legs open and yanking your head, your head back and she giving you passion marks and and hickeys and shit and she letting you know she been one of you but she just fucking your brother to get to you.


You know what, Emini here now, none of that happened. That just seems like a really hot sexy scene. You know what I'm saying? Something I might wanna see later. You know what Emini here. But that just that, I'm just gonna assume that's what happened in the bathroom. You understand what I'm saying? When you do that, all the loyalty goes out the window. That's not shit that you wanna do. Okay? So I'm just letting you know, update me, talk to the girl and then talk to your friend or just talk to the girl. 'cause now you know what? Now that I'm thinking about it, if y'all do have a conversation, you and a girl, you and a girlfriend, right, have a conversation and she and she say it was a mistake. 'cause you know I'm not giving her benefit of the doubt. And I like to do that even though, even, even though she don't deserve it, even when I don't wanna do it, I still have to do it because I don't know her.


You know what Emini here, it could have been a spur of the moment thing. You didn't tell me if y'all were both intoxicated or not or whatever, you know? 'cause liquor can alter how you feeling and your mood and you know your desires and shit temporarily. So, you know, if you sit down and you talk to her and she says that was a mistake, I, you know, I totally agree with you. It, I don't know. I don't know what came over me. You know, it was just something that happened and it'll never happen again. Then okay, I could see you not saying anything, but I just don't like the idea of him being in the dark. I don't like it. 'cause I hate when us women are in the dark when guys sneak around and, And I know the saying what we don't know won't hurt us.


But man, I don't know man. I don't know the fact that I know this and I know that he don't know I'm hurt. You know what I'm saying? It just says something about your character. You know what I'm saying? I'm not calling you a bad person 'cause I can't judge you off of this one situation. I can't judge you off of this experience that you're writing me about, you know? But I just want you to just look deeper, look deeper within yourself and, and, and speak to that. Like, really be like, man, I really, I really did this shit, you know what I'm saying? And feel bad enough to not fuck with her again. You know what I'm saying? But if you can't, if you can't do that, then you definitely have to have a conversation with him. Emini here, I'm, I'm, I'm definitely open to you not talking to him.


If y'all bo, if you and the girl both agreed that it was a horrible fucking mistake that will never be made again. You know what I'm saying? Which was very intentional by the way. Motherfuckers always slap that mistake shit when they get caught, you know, or when they're about to get caught or when they feel bad for doing something. But you didn't feel bad. You know what I'm saying? When y'all was doing the do ski in the bathroom, y'all, y'all didn't, y'all didn't feel bad, you know? And honestly shorty smart 'cause that's the only place that he wouldn't have caught y'all. 'cause he, he can't come in a woman's bathroom, you know what I'm saying? I could have been in there for hours and hours and hours like money long and he would've never caught y'all, he would've never caught y'all. So shorty is serial sneaky, you know what I'm saying? Again, I don't know her, I'm not calling her a bad person. I'm not calling you a bad person.


But if she knows she wants some pussy, she don't need to lead that man on. Okay? And you don't need to keep lying to yourself. If you want shorty, go get her. You just gonna have to deal with your friend. But if you don't want, shorty, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna force you sitting down with your friend if y'all both agreed that it was a mistake on each other's part. You know what I'm saying? On both of y'all parts, both of y'all accounts. You know what I'm saying? Because one is not wronger than the other. No. You, she was wrong for initiating and you were wrong for engaging and that's just what it is. Right? So update me. Update me, baby. Update me. And I love that. I love that we had a story that we have never had before. I know.


And, and not this is no, no discredit to anybody else, like with stories similar to others that you know, that we try to fix the mess of every week. But it's, and we Emini here, me and Taylor. 'cause Taylor is not here today 'cause she's busy. But I I wanted to take this one by myself. Yeah, man. Like I, I, damn, I just fucked my thought up. I forgot. It's crazy. I'm not even pregnant no more And I still be having pregnancy brain. I still be like forgetting like mid-sentence. What the fuck? I'm gonna say, I don't know how long that takes until that goes away, but that, that happens and there's no, no, it's not because of the shot. So don't judge me, judge your mother. And just like that we've come to yet another Carefully Reckless episode with your girl Jess. Hilarious again, Taylor is out to die 'cause she has real work to do, y'all.


All right? So she ain't got time to be reading y'all problems. All right? But her friends got the worst problems. So we like to hear from them sometimes and fix their mess. But y'all catch us next week on Carefully Reckless and anywhere you find your podcast. Peace.


Carefully. Reckless is a production of iHeartRadio and The Black Effect. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro Hel, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk Fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


The holidays are here and so is the Ikea winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items. Offer valid in the US through one seven mall supplies. Last selection may vary by store and online C-store And ikea usa.com/winter sale. For complete terms, restrictions apply,


This is Jana Kramer from Wind Down with Jana Kramer. I didn't know you're supposed to get a facial once a month, which is why I've only gotten one like once a year. But hand in stone was the best experience. My skin felt amazing. My melasma is lightening up and that is because I am doing monthly facials. So ladies, it works and at hand. And stone massage and facial spa, their estheticians utilize cutting edge techniques and products and deliver premium level results to address your skincare concerns. Hand and stone now offers derma planning, an exfoliating treatment that removes peach fuzz and dead skin, creating a smooth canvas for makeup and enhancing skincare absorption. Your wellness ritual is as important to hand and stone as it is to you. That's why they're helping you keep the good vibes going with a free massage or facial gift card when you purchase a spa package. Gift card. Give the gift of pure bliss and double the relaxation with this amazing offer. Don't forget to check out their website for online only specials too. Visit hand in stone.com to learn more. Enjoy free aroma therapy, $10 value with your introductory facial. Use code Jana at checkout on hand in stone.com or in SPA before December 31st, 2024.