
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alrighty y'all. So yesterday our very own Charla was on the view with the Ladies of the View you guys were discussing. Joe Biden and Joe Biden pardoning his son, hunter Biden. Let's take a listen to the clip. When Joe Biden does something, yeah, everybody clutches their pearls. My question is, what is it that makes people flip the out with Joe? But we don't have the same kind of thing. Well, I don't think people are flipping out with Joe. I think Democrats are flipping out with Joe because Democrats believe that they don't represent what he's currently representing. But that's just not true. That's why I say they stand on this moral high ground that simply does not exist.


And, I think this is also the problem when we pick sides, right? We've turned political parties into teams. I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. Ain't nobody more delusional than me. But when it comes to political parties, if you pick a side, right, if you say you're a Democrat, if you say you're a Republican, you refuse to be objective about any. That's Why. But that's not a monolith. Democrats are not a monolith. But why can't you say when Democrats are wrong? And why can't Republicans say when Republicans Are wrong? I'll tell you when Democrats are wrong. So you don't think Joe Biden is wrong? The show? No, I don't. I don't. And I. Can I just point ridiculous this out to you? Part power. You're ridiculous. I didn't say you were ridiculous, Ms. Bert. I would never I say that. I just think that's ridiculous. Think about it. Come over and gimme, just think about it this way. Y the way you hopped up above that seat, I said, oh no. First of all, when you said under your breath, that's ridiculous.


I said, oh, I already knew. Oh, drop on a clue bomb for Whoopi Goldberg. I love Whoopi. Okay. I had no problem jumping up the hug and kiss her when she asked because I know how media works. And. I didn't want those headlines to be crazy. Okay? But even with that, even we, even with me getting up the hug and kiss her, the headlines are still Charlemagne. tha God clashes with Whoopi Goldberg. That wasn't a clash. Yeah, it wasn't tense. It was a healthy debate. Yeah, they did make it. The headline I read, I thought y'all was about to be going at it, at it. Didn't I watch it? I was like, this is normal. He shouldn't have said that last ridiculous under his breath like that. So all somebody dos gotta ask you for a kiss or you just jump up and give it to him. You shut up man. Just shut up. Okay. I'm confused though. Are you upset that he gave her the kiss or you, because you feel like he was doing like you don't want your man on here doing all that.


I'm just curious. You don't like a friendly guy. I'm just curious. Oh, okay. And I didn't say she was ridiculous. I said the thought think Was the, The notion of Biden not being wrong is ridiculous because I stand on what I said. The reason people think Biden is wrong is because he said it was wrong. The reason people are upset about Biden pardoning is his, his son is because Biden told us we should be upset about him pardoning his son. He said over and over and over again that he wouldn't do that because nobody is above the law that he respects America's institutions. Yep. But clearly that was just lip service. Bunch of cap. Nobody is mad about him pardoning his son. But standing on a political moral high ground like you above doing that is what people have a problem with. Yeah. Yeah. But then we also said that people can change their mind.


Right? There could have been things that he thought that You know. He probably might have. He might've thought Kalo was gonna win. You know, I'm from Delaware. He didn't change their mind. I feel like men from Delaware be lying and I'm tired of it. Okay. I done been through enough. This triggered me. All right. Damn. I just feel like if, if, pardon me, your son is like a a no-brainer. It's like duh. Like why not just come out and say You know what I'm going to do it. And that's it. Like why did we have it right after Trump won his, the PR person for the White House, what's her name? John Pier. Right after Trump won. That's probably what he changed Mind Ka Kareem John. Pierre Ree. Yes. I'm sorry I didn't get her name right. Apologize. But she came out and said no again. And then they had some Turkey and then it changed.


Yep. Man from Delaware. I'm Trying to tell you. And, and and, and so many people from the Biden administration, some of 'em are remaining anonymous. They've all said they knew he was getting a pardon from the beginning. They actually said Hunter wouldn't even have pled guilty if he knew he wasn't getting granted clemency. So cut the cap all. Yeah. 'cause a lot of people thought that he could've beat that without pleading guilty, but okay. Anyway, I'm glad that you were able to You know kiss and hug. Get out. Y'all cool Though? I'm Of Course I love this Whoopy Goldberg. I'm just mad she ain't gonna get that switch for you. That's what it was giving. She was about to put you over her lap. Old school Y Me was shook. You see how fast he got up? Yo, your mom get the remote that people was like, all right, Your legs was swinging in that seat, wasn't they Charlotte? 'cause when you jump, I'm like, oh, that was a little jump for him. He, he definitely jumped outta that chair.


Can Y'all, y'all can't take nothing serious, huh? Nothing. Not, no. Not at all. All right, so, so yesterday also in New York, flavor Flav attended the Christmas tree lighting at Rockefeller Center. Now this is a big deal. It happens every year for those of you guys who are not in New York and do not know. So it was lit yesterday, Wednesday night. They had a bunch of different performances for the second year in a row. Kelly Clarkson hosted the event. You had special guest performers like the Backstreet Boys, Jennifer Hudson, the Radio City Rock, Rockette's, like a bunch of different people. Now, flavor Flav was there just attending as You know one of the celebrities that were there and Invited guests. Right? And invited guests. Right. Well, okay, so here's where it gets confusing, okay?


Because you, most of the time when the celebrities are there, they are invited guests. But Flavor Flav is like really close with the Backstreet Boys. So he knew that they were performing. He went backstage to go say hello. Now Flav tweeted that when he went backstage, he had some issues, which made me kind of feel like, well, did y'all invite him? Because NBC, the the, the, the Christmas tree lighting airs on NBC and Peacock. So basically FLA Flavor Flav said he went backstage. And then he said he felt weird because he, he, he said he was invited, but he was escorted backstage to see the Backstreet Boys. And then at the same time somebody came in the dressing room, a security guard and said, NBC does not want you in this area. And that he has, he had to leave at the same time. He says, A social media woman came up and said, let's capture some social media content.


And he was tweeting yesterday and asking, what did I ever do to anybody at NBC? All he ever tries to do is spread love and joy. And he says, actually, I think I worked with NBC when I did the Olympics. So I'm confused. He then deleted the tweet and tweeted another tweet that said the tweet. I, I deleted the tweet, but his spirit was still broken. Mm. He did stay after and You know took pictures and things of that nature. But that's embarrassing. Well, listen, it, it sounds like either one or two things sounds like it was either You know some, some young people who didn't know who Flail Flav was or a security guard who was just doing their job. 'cause if you tell a security guard, right, nobody can come back here. Especially after a day like yesterday in New York, You know after the shooting of the, the CEO of United Healthcare, I'm sure everybody was on high alert.


So if you tell a security guard, nobody can come back here without the proper credentials. If they don't have the proper credentials, the security guard is just really just doing their job. Yeah. It could have been a Backstreet Boys, Backstreet Boys could have said, we don't want nobody back here. We are about to perform. Just keep it clear He was taking pictures with some of them though. I don't Know. But Flavor Flav is not a, like you recognize Flavor Flav when you see Flavor Flav, bro. Like everybody. But if, but if I'm getting paid to do a job that's, and I'm just, I'm just speculating here. If I'm getting paid to do a job as a security guard and you tell me nobody should be back here without the proper credentials. I love you Flav, but I got, I got kids to feed you this time. I got a job to do's. Right? That's right. I hear you. Well, I did reach out to NBC trying to figure out like what happened. 'cause I feel like Flavor Flav is like one of those people that like, he's just always there and happy.


Yeah. So what, what harm does he cause? But I haven't heard back from NBC yet. I don't feel like this got nothing to do with NBC. I really don't. I think this has got to do with whatever the, the venue was security company, right? In the security company. I really Do. Well I did also reach out to, there's like a Rockefeller tree, like, I guess like the, like a, a website or whatever that organized what I get these damn numbers from. You go reach, reach out to the Rockefeller tree people Now you just making up stuff. I Swear to God on the website there's a website, And I. Call the Rockefeller Tree. The Rockefeller tree. Did the Rockefeller tree Fly? Don't fuck me because y'all know NVY you this morning. I'm like, I need a you Mr. New York. Okay, I need a, I need another source. Ain't nobody getting back to me. Said You got the Rockefeller tree, you reached out to the Rockefeller tree. How'd you out? Website. Hey Lauren will call the tree. Lauren the Lauren, Did you see anything?


Rockefeller? Hey Rockefeller Tree, did you see Anything Baby, baby. And don't let it leave Fall. 'cause now that's a witness. And I gotta talk to the leaf too. Okay. See What I'm saying? Period. My goodness. All right, because we need to know that was just with the mess with Laura and LaRose. So now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us. Joining us in Antica Soto will be here. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we are the Black Fat Film Podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. We'll chat this year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angela Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fam podcast on the iHeartRadio app I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know. That's right.


From Tips for Healthy Living to the latest medical breakthroughs Web MD's Health discovered podcast keeps you up to date on today's most important health issues. Through in-depth conversations with experts from across the healthcare community, WebMD reveals how today's health news will impact your life tomorrow. It's not that people don't know that exercise is healthy, it's just that people don't know why it's healthy. And we're struggling to try to help people, help themselves and each other. Listen to WebMD Health discovered on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, my unde Deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.