
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer.


Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third Annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards, and it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the RB Money Podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcasts with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck of Sports podcast and the Trap Nerds podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the Black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the Food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this.


Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Let's, I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, You that Exclusive, You know, she don't lie about that, right? Lauren Came in Hot. We got through a full week of episode jaw lapping up. I'm tired, okay? I am tired. I am tired, but I am so blessed And I'm so grateful to be here. I'm Lauren La This is the latest with Lauren La This is your daily bite sized like, you know, entertainment, news, pop culture. Must hear, must know. And when you wanna know, this is the Place to Go podcast. Okay? I'm your homegirl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, so let's get started.


Now, today, I'm gonna start off with a interview. Now, the interview that I'm referencing, you guys definitely should go on, watch it, you know, once you gonna watch it, please let me know how you felt about it. If you felt the same way that I did, if you didn't feel the same way that I did, that's fine as well too. But I would love to know, like if I was the only one who felt some of the sentiments that I'm about to express. So Andrew Schultz sat down with the pivot, Ryan Clark and the, the team over there, and they had some conversations. Now you guys will remember, and if you don't, Andrew Schultz comedian, Andrew Schultz of the Flagrant podcast. He also does brilliant Idiots with Charlemagne.


He is a comedian, like big comedian. Like if you don't know who he is, I don't really know how else to describe him, but Google him because welcome to Party. But he had sat down with the, it's like shits and giggles or shits, giggles, something like that. The podcast, I don't even care if I get their name right, because I really don't care for them after this whole debacle. But anyway, just adding some background context. He sat down with them, they were on his show flagrant, where it's him and like a few other hosts. And while there, Andrew Schultz and the guys had began joking about black women and you know, just there, there were, there were a few different jokes thrown, but you know, some, some of the things that were insinuated were like, you know, black women are stressful.


We, you know, we are aggressive. We, you know, that whole thing. It's like the angry black woman. The, we stress our man out. We don't know when to keep our mouth shut. Like that whole thing. And people did not take it lightly, nor did they care for. You guys know that. Me and Andrew Schultz have had the conversation about this when he came to The Breakfast Club. If you didn't see that interview, please go take a listen to that as well. But he sat down with the pivot, and on the pivot they talked about this because when all of this happened, Ryan Clark had actually, they talked about it on the pivot on their platform, and Ryan Clark shared sentiments that went pretty viral. And in the sentiments he shared, he was basically saying like, okay, so y'all are over there talking about black women, but lemme tell you about the black women. I know they're amazing. They do this, they do that, they take care of us.


They hear The World on their back. And I'm, I'm, you know, making things up, not making them up, but I'm paraphrasing and just summarizing a bit. But his sentiment was that you guys have all of these negative things to say about black women. You wanna lean into these tropes. But the black women that are in my life literally are everything. And Andrew Schultz and, and Ryan Clark had a very one-on-one conversation, either were other people in the room about that moment. Andrew Schultz shared, you know, with Ryan Clark that he felt like Ryan was troll, not trolling, but that it was like a clout chase. Because at that moment everybody was talking about Schultz and his jokes and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Ryan made it very clear it wasn't about you. He said, you know, basically, respectfully, I don't care about you.


I used you as a symbol of here's what happens when it comes to black women in these little jokey jokes. Here's what happens when it comes to black women in this non respect. Basically, he said that he felt like, it didn't feel like a joke. Like a lot of the things that Andrew Schultz said in that Sit down with the Shit and Giggles podcast. I, I feel like that's something you heard, you regurgitate, that's how you felt. Andrew Schultz of course, took that offensively. He, you know, felt like in the moment, you know, you're throwing it on me that I don't know that these tropes and these things exist that I don't know amazing women in general, but also amazing black women. And you know, like he kind of was offended that Ryan thought that, that he was, he was that ignorant to, you know, all of the things that, you know, us as black women deal with the stereotypes and the walls that we, you know, fight against.


But I think Ryan's point was, is like, well, you know, I, I honestly might not have been trying to make that point, but since we're here, if that is what you understand, if that's what you know, why would you even make that joke? I understood why people were bothered. For me it was like, it was the messenger. Like, that's never gonna land well from a white man. It's just not even if I think it's funny as hell. Like I think Andrew Schultz is funny, especially after meeting him. I feel like, you know, our conversation was a one and done conversation at The Breakfast Club, but I feel like after meeting him, I understand that he takes aim at everybody. You know, nobody is is safe per se. But I do think that there is this like thing when it comes to black women, And I think rightfully so.


One of my homeboys asked me today like, well, you know, that's kind of unfair. So you want him to treat you different because you're a black woman. And I was like, yeah. And he was like, well, I don't understand that. And I was like, I Emini here. It, it's, it is one of those things where, to me, I feel like we carry so much. We deal with so much. We are the ingredient so much that yeah, handle me. Talk to me. Nice. I think that there is just a level of understanding that doesn't have to happen when you are white. Period. My friend actually came back around and was like, you know what? I kind of understand it 'cause it's like if a white woman were to say certain things about a black man, and they brought this up in a podcast, they talked about Chelsea handler saying that because of how like aggressive she is, white men can't handle her.


She was making a joke. White men can't handle her, she need a black man. And they were talking about how like, you know, that leans into like, black men have to be aggressive, they have to be tough and they have to this. And they, after that, and when they were telling the joke, my friend was like, I don't really like that. I said, oh, you wanna talk about Mother? Like, okay, now you understand and do you think Chelsea handler is racist? He said, no. Do you think she means ill will to you? He said, no. I'm like, but it's because it's like, who are you? That's all that the people are saying, and that is the conversation that they were having on the pivot. I do think that like somebody in the room at some point could have been like, all right bro, all right. You know, like I feel like comedians should be able to be comedians. They should be able to joke, they should be able to have a good time.


But I do think that they gotta stand on their shit though. And that's why I'm like, I don't wanna even really discuss the, the guys from the Shits and Giggles podcast who sat in that room and, and he haha jokey joked. And then after that we're like, oh my God, we were so intimidated. We should have said something if we knew we would've punched him in his face. But we were just like, you know, it just, you know, time and place, time and place. No, if they would've stood on like, yo no, I thought the joke was funny, it would've been like, okay, cool. I think standing on it is the big thing. And that was like when me and Andrew Schultz had the conversation at The Breakfast Club, that was my whole thing. It's like, okay, cool, if that's how you, you know, you wanna joke, but like stand on it. And I do appreciate that he does stand on. I don't mean harm by this, I'm a comedian. I understand. He also in the Pivot interview says he understands people that are upset.


He gets it. Like, if you're upset, he gets it. You have a right to be upset, but he's still going to tell his joke. I don't think that comedians, white comedians should not be able to joke about black people and black things. I think funny is funny, but I do think that there are, you know, cultural awarenesses and certain levels of tone deaf that you just have to be knowledgeable of so that when the backlash or the response comes your way, you know how to deal with it. And then I think they raised a good point too in this interview, the conversation came up in the room of like, okay, because Andrew Schultz is white or whoever, right? Should you only as a comedian be able to joke about things that you've actually experienced? So like, if he had actually experienced a black woman or like, whatever the case may be, I don't think that that should be a rule either.


Like, I'm so free flowing when it comes to this, but at the same time I still kind of felt like, hmm, you know what? You did like it. Like, i, I, it, it's, it's a hard middle place to be in. And rightfully so. I think it depends on the day. And I think when my friend asked me, like, as a black woman, you want people to regard you differently. Yes, we do. But again, at the same time, I'm still one that believes that people should be able to laugh and joking he high like, and all that good stuff. But I will say like it, I felt good watching the Pivot and them having a very respectful conversation about black men feeling like, nah, but don't play with them though, don't do that. Because other way around black women, we coming out swinging. Like we, we move like we we pushing protest lines about y'all, period.


And that's, I think that that's the biggest thing as well too. I think it was the optics of this white man making the jokes regardless if you thought it was funny or he could or not, but then it was okay, there's these other black men who are there and it's no like, yo bro, relax. Like, even if it was jokingly like, yo relax, like it was nothing. So make sure y'all go check out that conversation on the Pivot with Andrew Schultz. It was a really good conversation. I would love to hear what you guys thought about, you know, the, the middle point that they came to in that conversation.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott, I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley, season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Now next up, we are gonna take a very hard right and head on down to the south where the brick squad be at in Atlanta. Waka Flocka. So Waka Flocka posted this video today and in the video he's having some internal thoughts about the fact that now he's older and he don't want no hoes no more. He wants his woman. He say he don't want no thoughts no more. He wants his woman. He talks about, you know, as you get older, becoming sensitive and more sensitive and just wanting to be with one person, somebody that's gonna hold you. And the people are in the comments flaming my guy Waka, you know, I love you, but they were flaming you.


And I was kind of, IIII know why the people are doing it because most people are like, well, you had Tammy, she was a dedicated wife, a loving wife, and you just couldn't hold it together. And you, it is given, like Waka is in it very, I know he's still like doing shows and performances and all that, but it seems like he's just in the mental space of like, I just want something a little bit more of substance right now. Not even right now, but at this point in my life. And whatever made him arrive to that feeling, I'm not mad at it. I know some of you guys made me, made me mad about it. I'm not mad about it. And the reason why I'm not mad about it is because I think a lot of times as a woman, I think, And I, and I've been guilty of this and probably will be guilty of this again, I think sometimes we, we date men and we try to like be with men and, you know, engaged and married and having kids by these men because of where we see them going, not where they're actually at.


And I think as a man, it's like men can kind of like compartmentalize a little bit. It's like, okay, I know I might not be ready for all of this, but let me sit back and think about it. Like what's, what's logically, men are so much more logical sometimes than we are, even when the logic is like stupidity. And let me explain that when I say that Emini here, like, okay, so a a man will be like, all right, I might not be the most happiest, but this home brings me peace. I'm here ready to have kids. I know so many men right now who are in situations where they, they, you know, they're married, they locked into these situations. And to be honest with y'all, like if they could go and figure it all out again, they would, but they're so locked in, they can't.


But it's because at the time it made sense for like what they needed. They needed that family unit. They needed like, some men too also don't feel like anything unless they're providing in a unit like that. So they fulfill that void, they compartmentalize, they put to the side the things that they, that you know, might seem like a hoop dream and take, you know, it's like the 80 20 rule and lock in and then things happen. They're not happy. The cheating comes in and all of that stuff. I would rather be with a man who's like, yo, look, I'm in a space right now where like I can't really give you everything. And when I say be with a man, Emini here, you can't really be with someone who's in this space, but Emini here, I would rather have a man tell me and be honest with me about, hey, right now I'm not in a space where like I can be what you want me to be for you.


Like I can't be with you. I can't lock in. I'm not, monogamy is not a thing that I'm doing right now. I'm not there then lean in. But, so I don't understand why we get upset at men getting to that point because women get there too. Like us as women, we like, like we really act like sometimes like just because a, a man is a man. Like we're both not like human like as women. Yeah. I think that we do have the, the tendency to lean in a little bit more, lock in a little bit more or whatever. So it seems, depending on the man that you're dealing with, but like we all have that time in our life where we're like, oh, okay, like I gotta do the kids thing. It's time to buy a crib. Okay, no more clubs, maybe just lounges now.


You know, maybe not even lounges, maybe cute little dinner, little drink, little happy hour. It's time to have like, we all have that shift in our life where it's just like substance. I want more. I wanna level it up. I need to do more. What's wrong with a man? Be allowed about that. I don't understand it because when you're getting the other thing, a man who is playing all these games, not saying much of anything. Now, now we all on Justin Laboy page trauma bonding in the comments. So I don't really understand it, but the, the girls is dragging him. So I wanna know how y'all feel. Please go take a listen to that Waka Flocka video. I don't know if Waka serious Waka play so dang much. I don't really know, but take a listen. Let me know what you think.


And I believe that Waka Flocka is actually single now he did have a, a little girlfriend that he went a little girlfriend, no shade Waka, he had a girlfriend that he went public with a little bit for a little bit of time. This was after Tammy. I just remember they like posted photos on like the helicopter and it was like out hookah and all of that. But I haven't seen him post it up or you know, any of that recently. So maybe this is him throwing his shot out there to somebody. Okay, I don't know what is happening, but take a listen to that video, let me know what you guys think and come on back. Matter of fact, don't even come, well come on back 'cause we, we got more episodes to go. This is the first week where we got more to go. But tweet me at Lauren la Rosa, you know, comment tag on Instagram where you're listening to it. Screenshot the podcast and post it.


'cause I wanna see y'all. I wanna see what my listeners look like And I wanna hear what you guys have to say. Do you think that it is okay for a man to get to wait until he's at the point? Well most men don't wait. But to get to a point where he is ready to be like, Hey, I'm ready to lock in. I'm at this big old age of 40, this big old age of 50, now I'm ready. Let's do it. The marrying or kids and kids, or do you feel like it's unfair to their partners is because it's like, you done did all this dirt and now not their partners, but their potential partners. You done did all this dirt, you done live your your life and now you wanna come lock me down. Because most of the time too, you know, they gonna lock down somebody younger. So let me, let me know what y'all think. Okay? At the end of the day, like I tell y'all every single episode, there is always a lot to talk about.


But every single guy, every single time you guys join me right here to talk about it. You know, I appreciate you. I'm Lauren la This is the latest with Lauren LA episode five. First Week Down baby. Take a shot from me this weekend. Y'all turn up. If you're listening to this, wherever you are, whatever the day of the week is, take a shot from me, tag me, let me know. You heard episode five, you locked in for the week. I'm out. I'll talk to you guys in my next episode. So Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer.


He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I.