
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off. Some exclusions apply.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy


This Christmas. So you're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience, the incredible true story. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. I'm Claressa Shields my baby. Going To the living. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout, crowd pleaser. If I've been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna need exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working My whole life For this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


I'm Lil Duvall and this is Conversations with Unc, the podcast. Today's guest is a West coast rapper and founder of good company, an organization that helps promote the Rising Bay area artist. Let's welcome my guy, LA Russell. What's up? It's live and director's your boy, Lil Duvall, your country cousin, you know, vibe in dc Y'all back here with all, you know, we gotta special guess just like every time we on this bitch, but this nigga here, just like one of the young, young, young og minded niggas that I fuck with from a distance, I never got a chance to goddamn get to get to meet. Now I finally get to meet him on this shit. So lemme introduce y'all to my man. Lou Russell. What's up nigga? Come on man.


Gratitude. That was a great intro, nigga. As you were saying it, I'm like, I wish my mama did this interview with me. I shoulda went to the damn house For real, nigga. Real. How old you is man? I would've been excited. I'm 29. 29. Hey man, me and me and Charlamagne talk about you all the time, man, because like, like some, some young motherfuckers I be like, like I see. I be like, all right, they might need a little help with certain shit, but with you I'd be like, man, he, he got it. You know what I'm saying? It's like you, I ain't talking about as far as you, you already made it. But I'm saying like the mindset and the understanding, right? You already got the understanding of everything.


So it's like even when doing, even when they was like, Hey man, let's get him on the shot, was like, he don't really need much from me, maybe in life, shit. But as far as understanding the game, you got it nigga. Or you know what's dope about that? I'm finally at a age now where I see certain young niggas and I'm either like, he got it or I'm like, Hmm, nigga could use a male. You feel me? So that's, that's How it's for real Eye honor. It's, it's, it's for real because like, it's like certain kids, like when you have kids, I don't know if you got that or not, but when you have kids, you'll start looking at some kids. You be like, oh nah, I ain't gotta worry about him. He gonna be all right. But then you see that one jet, you be like, nah man, I gotta goddamn get his bail money ready 'cause he going to be wild.


You see what I'm saying? So, but some people, you just ain't gotta, you ain't gotta worry about. So with you we just be like, man, this nigga, this nigga here. Good man. But so tell him about you man. For the people for my hotheads that don't know, you know? 'cause you know I'm, I'm a old head, you know what I'm saying? Which I like being, you know what I'm saying? But introduce yourself and let 'em know a little about you, Mike. For those that don't know, First of all, I run a collective called good company. I rap. I hate having to say all these things. I know what you're saying man, because you like, you help guy. Like it's hard to, I ain't when people ask me, so what you did, man? I'm like, I don dunno man. I Don't Right. A lot of shit.


A lot of shit. I'm a lot of things And I do a lot of shit. That's the best. Lemme ask You this here, lemme ask you this. So, because it seem like you got understand, like I said, when did you figure out like, alright, I got it. I, I think I understand how to, I don I ain't saying you, you got the, you, you know the game, but you got understand enough to understand how to move at the situation you at now. It's really came in increments throughout like every time, every time early I thought I had it. I learned some shit later and be like, nigga, I didn't know what the fuck I was talking about. You feel me? So it's really growing thing. I, I've had mo I have a moment every day where I, where I feel that.


But I, I feel like the insurgence was like, I started working for like UPS after I graduated high school. You know? That's a good job nigga. That's a good job. Nah, I was a driver helper throughout the winter for the season. It was like, it was a cool job though. A nigga was, you know, nigga. But I learned a lot from that job. I learned how different my capacity and work ethic was. Like nigga, I used to grab packages and run to the houses and drop them bitches off and hop back in the truck. I used to go in the back and it was just a lot of shit that I was doing that was improving the workflow that I was noticing early.


Was you rapping at that time too? Or was rapping wasn't even a thing then. I was, I was like rapping subsequently though. Like, like not, not trying to make it just, just as a hobby. And I travel Just as a fun as a hobby. Yeah. Like this hobby behind me, this I feel on Lego, these all my little legos. I be building this shit. That's my Hobby Al nigga feel Lego man, my, one of my best friends. He, he got, we got some Lego figures around the crib. Oh nigga don't make me show. I got ask him whatever. He think I got anything. He think he got. I bet you I got Hilarious.


I got all this shit man. I love this shit man. But yeah, finish, finish, finish on what you was saying. My fault. I'm high too. So it go. That's perfect. That's a perfect combination, nigga combination. No, but when I was doing that shit, every driver that I had worked with took a liking to me and they was like, I'm gonna hit you when I do my route, when I, when I'm, I'ma make sure they gimme you. You feel me? So I started noticing that shit early and as I advanced throughout my journey doing jobs, whatever position I came in as was never what I left as and it was happening fast. So I just, I just knew like the work I knew I understood that part of, of my journey Then you feel me?


You understood that you had a personality that people was drawn to. You know what's crazy? I didn't even think it was my personality then. I thought it was the fact I was working hard, but it was really Hell no, nigga. It was your personality. That's hella funny. That could have been it. That's all it is. What you, that's why people like us, like in general, like why people like me is Emini here. The talent is, is a, is a bonus, but it is. They see theyself in you or they or they see a family member in you. You know what I'm saying? It's like right, that's what they see. That's what drawn to you don't ever get it over. That's what, especially in this day and age with and everything, nigga.


That's what it's nigga, right? It's the, and it's genuine, you know what I'm saying? Because a lot of shit you can see through it or where I can like you can fool a lot of motherfuckers because a lot, it's a lot of motherfuckers good at being good, being a good fake guy. You know what I'm saying guy? Yeah. But some people you could just see right through, you could see like it's them and, and, and don't get it twisted. It's still a character because you have to be a character for entertainment wise. But you can see it's a character of who you're in general. You get what I'm saying? And that's what, and that's what's, and that's what's genuine in your, in your lyrics and, and your personality and your presence and, and in your social media and everything.


That's why you win, nigga, Come on. The nigga gave me the word. Come on. I just, Hey man, this, that's the weed talking here. That's the weed talking fact Fact. I love it. Gratitude man. I appreciate that. So I heard you was going on the, they was telling me 'cause yesterday was supposed to do it, but you had to do something. They was telling me you going on a retreat or some shit, right? Yeah. Yep. I'm about What kind of retreat you going on, man? So it's this Indian mystic named sad guru who was one of my favorite, just a favorite human of mine. But he teaches, like, you go on YouTube and he just teach you about life shit.


But like nigga just ask him questions and he just give you an answer, right? And he wrote a, he wrote a couple books, he a author and shit. So I just been reading his shit and watching his shit for like the past few years. And randomly they reached out to me and was like, we doing a private retreat and, and we want to welcome you to it and invite you. And it was just like, what the fuck? That's dope, man. That's dope that you doing that, that haze too, man. Right? You feel like you a little son. Like, like I say, I ain't no kid to you, but you feel like my little nephew like, man, this nigga doing everything right, nigga. Like, And you do and you're doing it at the right time too.


You know what I'm saying? Because it's, that's when you supposed to be doing at that journey, at your age, at the, you turning 29, going into your thirties, you know what I'm saying? So you have full understanding and you gonna be, all right nigga, come on. So shit, like I say this, this show too is about like you ask Unc any kind of question. You can ask me anything about life, anything you, anything. And if you, you, if if the answer too deep or too crazy that you don't wanna answer, well we can cut this shit out because it's, this shit is my shit. I don't give a fuck. Like I don't have to, I'm not no clickback nigga. I do this shit because I, I give a fuck. Okay, here I got, I got my first UNC question. All right bet. Because You have, you have this cast, but you get to, you get to smoke weed and talk your shit in the, in the form that you do.


So how did that, how does that deal look for you and what did you negotiate With this one Right here with, with this one right here, right? Yep. This one. Yep. Well, honestly, honestly, this deal was, 'cause I really never want, I, I'm, I really never wanna do a podcast. Honestly. Only reason I did this 'cause my man, he, my man Clay, this was like my, my my, my manager, like my older brother and everything, he was everything to me. And he, he kept forcing my hand to do it. 'cause everybody wanted me to get into the podcast And I ain't never wanna do the shit because I'm one of the people. If I see everybody doing it, I don't want do it.


No. Right. You know what I'm saying? And then, then once I see how's getting how, how the, the game went, it's like, all right, I ain't, but everybody keep telling me to do it. So he was who main one told me to do it. Then he died. He just died. Ah. You see what I'm saying? So I'm really doing it for him to be honest with you. So really the deal, the deal was really all for this nigga, you know what I'm saying? Like, he, he got, he got the money, he got half the money and died, Left the nigga in contract, I swear to God. And, And I did it with Black Effect because they're really my family, like with Dolly and, and and Charlemagne.


So it's really like a family thing I do it for because like, honestly, I wouldn't even be doing this shit if it wasn't for them, honestly, because I, I approached that, this, this, this, this show. This shit was three, four years old. I ain't, I supposed have been there, this shit, I just ain't did it. But they so cool, they so cool with me because like, this is real like family. Family. And that's a good thing because like for, for people to be in power, to have family and you could do what you wanna do. Like, 'cause I was fucked up when I got hit by a car. So I was out for like a year. So they coulda took the money back and everything. But I said fuck. But they, they didn't trip off of it and they, they waited for me. So really I'm just doing it now just 'cause of them.


That's hard. That's beautiful man. That's, that, that shit leads to such a grander outcome than, than, you know, when it's like I do Everything for money, bro. Emini here, I'll do Emini here, I'll do everything for love and the money part, it just came natural. I never had to chase money in my life, you know what I'm saying? Like, and I'm blessed like that because I, in certain times when I came in the game when I was younger, so I, it just was a blessing, but at the same time I never had to chase it. So I never cared about money like most people do. It just naturally came and, and the business came part of it just ought to just understanding the simple shit.


Like I never complicated my business, you know what I'm saying? I always kept my business simple as fuck. And I always kept my business kind of private too. I don't let everybody in on my business. Because once you give everybody your business, it's not a big, it's, it, it becomes, it becomes saturated. Like the podcast business. You see what I'm Nigga right? It becomes very filter. Like it don't be real, it be scripts. Yeah. And it just, it a lot of extra. Do you think that that improves the outcome though? As far as what?


Give me what you mean. Un Like do you feel like when we be going to like those podcasts, maybe having the scripts and the saying all that shit, like, it'd be better quality or, or, or so not really though because shit, No, it's like Emini here. Honestly, when you do the podcast, do 'em, I do it for a reason. They have to be a real reason behind why I'm doing it or I have to be a person that I really fuck with. You see what I'm saying? Right. Like if it's somebody I really fuck with, I just do 'em. You know what I'm saying? Like because, because honestly There's some podcasts where they have a whole script and like the questions written and you gotta like, Yeah, they do. And it's because that's way, that's the way and honestly it's a gift and a curse.


'cause honestly I hate that's it seem like that's all that entertainment as far as in as far as our community has gotten to is just talking. Right. You see what I'm saying? And like, I hate like, And I hate that 'cause we doing it right now, just fucking talking. But it's like, I hate that this is what it's come to. Like, we do more this than we do in a fucking, you see what I'm saying? So I hate that nigga. Why you niggas ain't rapping, right nigga? No, for real Rapping and entertaining performing like niggas. But, but see I, I started in performing so it's never, I never, I never got out of performing.


I always understood the power of it. And now it's got to the point where the audience, they done they, you you, you can't fool 'em no more. So you gotta goddamn entertain or something. So that's why people like you are going always win because you have all that all in one. You see what I'm saying? So it really works in my favor in the long run. You get it. Your nigga who like, bruh, that shit, what's crazy is like if you do the entertaining part, you really don't even have to do the talking part. Like we do this shit that is like I, you said you finally got around to like, alright, I'll do that. You feel me? But you don't have to.


My little cousin, he like, I like I be crying this nigga. Right? Like he's a perfect example of somebody that he's just so talented. He let his talent do the talking. His name Johan Sweet, he a producer. You the fuck with him? Yeah, he with Kani. I've, I've, I've heard I've seen his name. Yeah. Kani Taylor Swift, this nigga, he Drake, he just on Drake. Three, three songs on Drake album. Everything. But like, that's Your nephew, like your nephew. Nephew or nephew like me. This is my cousin. This is like, this is like my cousin, cousin like from born, this is like my blood cousin. Like we are like, I, I got pictures in there, I'll send them to you or whatever. But like he went to Julliard and everything. Like he was raised right?


And he came out, right? Like especially era, he came in the era of, of yo hair. 'cause he's like 29 2. So he is the same exact age as Kalon. You know, all of him like, so, so you understand where he is. So he came up the right way without doing all the fuckery and he success, success. You see what I'm saying? So he's, he's one of the people always using as an example of you don't have to play the fuckery game, right? Like I, And I don't, And I don't, not that play fuckery game because sometimes that's all you got And, but you know what it is? It's like, it's how we antiquate success, right? Jahan sweet is successful, but he's not famous like unquote.


And that's what we live in a time where niggas associate fame with success, right? Some people would rather be famous than successful. Like some people was like, yeah, that shit Kinda always been like that just got magnified is because fame ain't nothing but attention. Like, people want attention and, and attention feels like love when you ain't used to love. So, and that's what, and that's all it is. People just want attention. It's as simple as getting a shout out in the club back in the day. That's what social media is now. It's just shout out. You just feels attention. It's the love. And that's what is magnified now. So everybody wants love. They want that more than money, honestly. You see what I'm saying? So it's, it's, it's the catch 22 of everything.


So that's why, and that's where we are as an entertainment wise. It's like people, so trying to chase the attention that we've lost value in the, in the, in the entertainment. And there's no value in it now because it's, And you know, you know what's crazy? Cancel culture has showed niggas how much it's attention and how much, when a nigga don't love you. Yeah. That attention can always be swayed, but there's no love in it. And that's what, that's What happened, Emini here. But you have to already be programmed as a comedian. Well, for me you kinda signed, that's what you signed up for to get blackballed. You know what I'm saying? If you a real comedian, If you're really talking about life.


Yeah. Like most comedians, you not really a comedian if you haven't got canceled, you know what I'm saying? I get canceled once a month damn near for the, I don't think nobody got canceled more than me because I've been canceled over 15 years straight. You get what I'm saying? So it's kind comes with the territory. So it's like, but it come with tough skin. But now I guess the audience, when you, like, when you Do, you be apologizing for shit. I've never apologized. I've lost millions, not apologizing. You know, ask anybody about me, you better. I don't, my my reputation speaks for itself. I'll tell you about, I don lost some shit. I still got shit now I can't do now because I apologize, Nigga, you have to come through Korea.


I, I wouldn't recommend doing that with me like what I do because like I, I stand the way I say, but I understand what come with it too. So I'm not one of the people that cry and be like, man, they don't fuck with me because of such and such. It's like being mad at your off and not fucking with you. You know what I'm saying? It's like I know what comes with it. You see what I'm saying? Right. So if I, if I say e if I say fuck this and I'm not apologizing about it, I, but at the same time, if I, if I'm wrong, I could stand a straightening too. You see what I'm saying? Right. But if I don't feel like I'm wrong, I'm not apologizing. Right. You see what I'm saying? But I don I don't recommend that to everybody.


Nigga, you gotta come to the crib, please. When you out here just come by the crib. I told you I'm gonna be up there next week. Emini here? Yeah. Next week. Perfect. We gotta lock in after this. We locked in baby. You know how a nigga be playing shit in the head already. I'm already trying to get you do a set. I'm in my head like, nigga, Oh, I got, oh, I got some vibe shit for the backyard. Now. Come on. I'm a fool around entertainer shit. Just give me a, give me a drum and a keyboard, bitch. We vibe. Oh God, that's, that's me. Give me some keys.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot Edu.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli me crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


January 2nd on a, b, c Get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kickoff the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Telan and Clia Sheer as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families whose stories will truly touch your heart. With the help of the design team, Arianne Bellaire and Wendell Holland, they just have four days a race against time to rally communities demolished old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. Get ready for those heartfelt moments filled with tears of joy. As Joanna and Clia dive deep into the emotional journeys of these families uncovering their struggles and beginning the healing process, it's not just about remodeling homes, it's about rebuilding hope one family at a time. So don't miss out on this incredible journey. Extreme Makeover, home edition premier's January 2nd at eight seven Central on a, b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu.


Lemme ask you this here. What's your, what's your end goal? What's your end goal, man? And and there's two and two parts in the game and in life. Mm. In life. I just want to die peaceful. And that's not to say not in any type of specific way, but just at, at peace. But I, I guess that don't even ma I don't know, I don't be, I don't be thinking about that shit as much as maybe I should or or something. Always think, always think at the end and go backwards. Mm. That's how you do it Life. You think about that and go on backwards and that's your life.


That's what I do. It's funny because I be, I be talking about like digging a hole, right? And as you dig a hole you're like, oh I can put a pool in here. And once you get a pool it's like, oh, we can add lights around here. But some people just draw up the whole blueprint first and then start that. But, but does that, does that give you room to like, yo, your journey to where you are now? Was that a thing and you and you went backwards? Yep. I knew from day one, like even as a jet, I already understood, even though I didn't understand the fab, I kinda understood what I was supposed to be.


You know what I'm saying? Like I don't like to give my example 'cause it sounds cliche, but then it sounds like this nigga just think he's just God's gift of some shit. But it's just like, I really just kinda understood. I had real understanding at a young age. Even bef like un like nowadays being a entertainer ain't nothing. But when I came up being saying you was gonna be a entertainer, especially where I'm from, it was like seeing being an astronaut. You see what I'm saying? So it Was Reals. Niggas, niggas bar was Michael Jackson. It's like, it's like you watched it but you didn't think you could do it. You see what I'm saying? Like it's just like you didn't understand it but something in my mind, or maybe it was my comm, I always give the credit to my community 'cause they kinda molded me and shelter me to, to make me who I am.


Who I am now. That's why I always go back to my community and, and try to give back and do whatever I can. You see what I'm saying? So my whole name is my community. My, my Duval is, is Duval County. That's the whole city. You know what's crazy? You've always been a multifaceted figment in my life. Like, and it is, it is really dope 'cause it's very reflective of myself. I've never been able to pinpoint specifically what you do because it's always something different depending on what time we end. And that's really dope. Just, that's just a nod. That was just a thought that crossed my mind. I started thinking, I'm like, damn, this nigga do do comedy it.


But he got the fucking song. It's kinda like what I said when when I say I seen in you, it's like we, we are in one if each other. So we understand each other. We with, 'cause we connect, we connect just through, just through our DNA, you know what I'm saying? Through our heritage, through who we are as a people and that's what the connection is. You know what I'm saying? Even if you, and it's genuine, you get what I'm saying? Right. So even if you don't, even if you don't never seen a standup of me, you see me as, as a unc you see what I'm saying? Especially through social media. Because what most people don't realize, I've been on social media more than anybody and, and, and what we don't understand is nothing been more powerful than social media in the last 15, 20 years.


And and every morning you wake up and gonna see Lil Du. So every morning if you waking up, I'm like your family member. So you was raised with me. It's like being raised on Nickelodeon. Right. See what I'm saying? It's like, it's like people that was raised on Nick Cannon, like now people 40 years old, they still left Nick Cannon 'cause they was raised on the net. And that's what it kinda, it is with social media and everything with me. It's like you was raised with me through Twitter, through MySpace, through Instagram, through YouTube, through comic view, through the TV show, through the movies, everything. Because I, I underst and that's all entertainment and that's all everybody do.


That's all shit you do. You ain't just a a rapper, you everything. You, you a businessman, you a you act, you can act at any moment. That's all this whole generation is. That's all entertainment was at one time in general. It just, in the eighties it broke off into different shits. But we was always doing everything. Like that's, that's why I call myself Sammy Davis Duval because that's all he, he did everything that nigga sang dance How much in your life now it is shit that you don't do. You still have to do shit that you don't desire to do. I'm gonna tell you another, that's a blessing that I've always had.


I've always had the luxury to do what the fuck I want to do. That's, it's harder for me to try to do other shit. I swear to God. I be trying to do like, because like the, I be like damn, maybe if I try to but I'm so programmed to do what the fuck I wanna do. I don't know how to do nothing else. I don dunno how to, I don know how to filter myself. That's why I always get to lead on social media because I'm so used to being able to do what the fuck I wanna do I can't even do. Right. If I tried. Right. And that's a beautiful thing. It made me think, it made me think of boozy. Boozy gonna always get deleted and rebuild some shit because boozy not doing nothing but being boozy.


You feel me? Yeah, Yeah. Lot of nigga aren't that that shit gone. But even with me, I, I'm just who I am because, but I've never, it's never intentionally like trying to fuck people over or trying to intentionally hurt people or fuck they minds up. It's just me being, it's like, and honestly I'm a reflection of who our whole community is when it comes to social media because they not only will they flag me or some shit, they really flag And I dial on how we talk 'cause that's usually what it is. And, And I talk just a reflection of who our community is. So you know, A funny that's true. Like they, they're taking intentional things that we Just say to each other because it's like nigga when you come up from here, like that's, that's how, that's the shit we say.


It's like in the comments like if somebody tell me to shut up, they get flagged for telling me to shut up when we just, you know, we just like man man shut up man. Right. But they take it like that because, but that's what they always do. They use us to come up on the, they've been doing this even before social media. They use our platform as our culture to build the brand and once they build the brand they move on and then shit on our shit they been doing that shit. They did that with Fox Network. Have you met anyone in your journey that surprised you in terms of who they were? Like they were either way better than you thought or like nigga, that nigga ain't nothing like y'all think he is.


There's plenty of them niggas ain't nothing that they think he is but as far as I could tell you the most genuine person in hip hop. Hmm. That's Snoop Snoop the most genuine person in hip hop. I I think Snoop Emini here as far as the biggest names but as far as like, like DJ pool, he a genuine good guy. He's the OGs tip are genuine. TI he's a genuine good guy but he is like one of them stubborn. Like if he love you, he love you. He one of them stubborn good guys. But if he with you he gonna ride a down with you. Genuine good guy, shit.


Who else? I'm just trying to think off the top of my head. My manager passed Clay. Got you got a good, a good few Shit. Nah, there's plenty of, there's plenty of good people in there. Like it's, there's plenty of good people. And then too I, I can't say too many people fuck me over 'cause I don't look for shit outta people a lot so you can't fuck me over 'cause I'm not expecting shit from most people. You know what I'm saying? I don't have expectations on people so I rarely, I rarely see the fuck shit in in people like that there. You know what I'm saying? Like now that's plenty of people. Like I see Charlemagne, Charlemagne, he's a different type of motherfucker. Like he he'll help anybody than I was like hey man that nigga is a, he gonna fuck you over.


You gonna realize they ain't shit. And then nine times outta 10 every person I told 'em wasn't shit and wasn't gonna fuck 'em over. They end up doing, you know what I'm saying? But, but for the most part shit. Who else? It's a lot of, it's a lot of genuine people man. A lot of black genuine women out here man. That's, that's where you gonna see most of the black women they do a lot of they they the ones shit on the low that show a lot of love Fat, they made shit shape come On. Hell yeah. Hell yeah man. But yeah remember shit, anything else this the last thing then we out this motherfucker man because we didn't talk enough.


Right, right. I don't do long I this another thing I don't like just random just, just just random just talking. I like to make it make sense like talking for two hours. I hate two. I swear to God I've never watched the two hour. I've never watched a two hour. I've never watched a podcast Never. You right. That that's the craziest part you know. But the thing is like I get it only because I do too one episode like I'm a nigga who write, every time I do an interview I go in And I take all the pieces I need outta that interview.


And it's like if you had one good episode nigga you got about 40, 50 clips for the rest of your year. You ain't gotta do shit else on social media but run them fucking clips and run your ass and you know like you eat. But sometimes it be two hours But see that done got played out now because niggas done ran that shit in the ground. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Fuck no bro. It's funny 'cause earlier you were saying how you was like you'll see niggas doing shit and you be like I ain't doing that shit 'cause niggas doing it. But really with your mind, if you see niggas doing shit, that's just an opportunity you to be like I could do that shit way better than them niggas. Yeah because you have, you have the actual thing like me and you have that thing that everybody wish they like nigga we can do whatever.


So and That's all, that's all Charlamagne. No keep telling me and and doubt them. They say the same thing but I'm, I'm, I'm stubborn but I listen, I listen to certain people so they tell me Shit listen to me. I do it like this only doing it it because of them. No but listen nigga look just this talk me and you had on Riverside with our blurry screens and and you feel me like nigga imagine if you somewhere in this same ca like when it happens when you come to the to the yard or we meet and we get the cameras and shit like bro it only amplifies it any shit that you already do. 'cause it's like you already doing it nigga just, just watch You.


Right. Man, you right man. That's God, that's God man. That's God telling you to tell me man. Stop bullshit. Well real because this shit bro, we just had a great time and it was short and it is better than that scripted though nigga. This shit was organic as fuck. So it's like if you know you could do it on that level 'cause everybody doing it nigga this shit a w that nigga that was a, that was a, it is a W nigga. This was great. One of my favorite, this is one of my favorite interviews and we did this shit on Zoom with, with a blurry screen nigga. Nigga Which broke like a motherfucker, Nigga like a mother when you, when it only but it's like it don't even have to be.


Yeah but I get it. Keep it simple. I'm, that's Always been my motto man. Keep it simple. Stupid. That's my motto. Kiss. Keep it simple. Stupid Bro. I still record in the crib but I'm getting to it is that point where like, okay we gotta maintain what we want so we can do whatever the fuck we want 'cause I have to do whatever the fuck I want. But it's like, it's like when you gotta go to the airport, you could have a Honda, a Acura, T oh six pick you up or you could get a black Escalade and, and neither of those is really going to cost you difference when you doing the shit you supposed to do the word. You feel me? So nigga I just already see it because this was a good ass fucking interview bro.


Them niggas don't be having that thing. They don't have to. We're flooded with a bunch of Amateurs who don't have that thing who are trying to have that thing. But and see that's what honestly I'm city when it come to, when it come to art, when it come to art it's like I need people around me that's going to make me, make me want to give a fuck. I don't, I'm not impressed with nothing. Right. Yeah nigga that's what I be Do movies no more because it's like in the last that Shit be ass and it be like In the last 20 years and this ain't the shit on nobody move it. I can name maybe two movies I'd be like damn I wish I would've did that other than that ain't no movies made me give a fuck by being there ain't nothing.


I'd be like damn, I Don know what's crazy though because we have representations like Charlemagne is a really great representation of a nigga who's been a nigga but at, at a, except like at a professional, like no matter what level he has to do it, he remains in Charlemagne. And that be our biggest thing we like nigga once that shit get there because it becomes, but like she's saying, if niggas like me and you decided to do it, niggas a home run 'cause we don't have to do nothing but be us. Everybody else gotta get the lives and they the dance and they gotta do all the extra shit. But we don't have to do nothing but be us. But you Know what's so hard about it, you know, you know what's so hard about it when it's really you, you take it for granted.


I be taking it for granted sometimes because it comes so second nature because It's your regular everyday life. Right. And you know I be battling with that because I be like, some days I be upset that everybody thinks, knows and feels like I'm the nigga that I am. Yeah. Nigga, nigga that shit so real Nigga, I be fuck wrong with these niggas, fuck wrong with these niggas, Shit So real nigga. Nah, I gotta come out there and fuck with y'all for real man. I gotta come out there and fuck with y'all for real, for real.


Yeah, please do. Please do. I'm not, I'm not gonna hold you no more. No, no longer but nigga just, this was great. I I feel like we both got information we needed to hear from each other. I'm so glad I ain't sharp nigga. Come on. Still sharp and steal. That was the same shit nigga. We said the same thing. Hey this fuck man. I appreciate you. No, but I appreciate you too man. But like I say man, I appreciate you checking in man Vic, y'all tune in next time the Black Effect man.


And I'm out this bitch thankfully. Listen to another episode of Conversation with Unc, with me, Lil Duval, with out this bitch. Don't miss an episode of Conversations with Unc. Listen and subscribe on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. Conversations with Unc podcast is a production of the Black Effect podcast network and our executive producer is Dolly Bishop and produced by Aaron, a King Howard.


Hey comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


January 2nd on a b, c get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and CLIA Sheer as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses but lives. Extreme Makeover Home edition premiers January 2nd at eight seven Central on a, b, C and will be available to stream next day on Hulu


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. For me personally, I was one of those people who, like many of us weren't taught about finances. You know, my parents didn't know, but now this is the time where I can become somebody who creates generational wealth or I just sort of end up being in the same hamster wheel that we've been in for generations at this point. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael ura podcast Network.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.