
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay, there you'll find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated, whether it's that vintage pearl necklace or brand new ruby earrings, a PR across body bag or classic watches like that Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah, eBay, the place for new pre loved vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Let's get, I'm a homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in Everybody. You know, if you don't lie about that. Right. Lauren came in. Hi. Hey guys. What's up? It's Lauren La Rosa. This is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. This is your daily dig into pop culture news, everything that's going down, but the conversations that shake the room baby. Y'all know that I'm the home grad that knows a bit about everything and everybody. Now we gonna check in real, real quick because I wanna get to the fact that I was outside in court in the rain, Back on the ground Telling baby PJ are here. How you feeling Taylor? I'm Feeling good feeling. I don't like this weather out here.


But you know, So anytime I do these Diddy updates from court, even if I'm in here with Taylor recording a podcast at The Breakfast Club Studio, I wanted to give this like, I feel like one of the things that I miss about being in a newsroom is sometimes you gotta do running gun style, which is, running gun style means you're on the street, you're reporting, you're doing what you need to do, you're figuring it out, whether doesn't matter, nothing matters. You're getting the story and that is it. And that's exactly what I did yesterday. So today I am feeling rejuvenated. 'cause I fell asleep in the midst of watching the Met Gala last night. But I'm not tired. I'm excited. Yeah. I, I admire your what's not consistency, willing your drive to, you know, you're gonna go It's way, get the, get the facts in the news.


It is no, no other way. Admire. I feel like it's it if Diddy, the, the court. So, so Sean Combs, Diddy is on trial right now. His trial was actually happening. Literally if I was to walk maybe like 10, 15 minutes from where I am, majority of my day because we're here at The Breakfast Club studio a lot of the day. I would be remiss, I would not be the person I say I am if I did not end up there. At least even if outside. So was it hectic to go there? Oh my God. It wasn't hectic because it was the first day and a lot of times, And I knew this, I knew that a lot of times people don't show up for jury selection because jury selection is very, it's like sitting in a boring class that you hate. It's very long. We were there from nine to like 6, 6 30.


Do they start right Away? Is it like, I'm assuming it's like almost now, like jury duty where you're just waiting. Yes. It feels like jury duty, which is, is crazy because what you're watching is people arrive to jury duty for the second time. So by the time a jury selection is happening, the jury duty like check-in has already happened. They've sent you a questionnaire of things that you have to answer and stuff like that to be on the jury. But this is your first time reporting back and now you know, you know, like now, now you in it. So like they're going through the questionnaire. So we feel like we're on jury door duty. We as the media that are watching it because you're literally watching 'em go through all the drawers. Like we went through over a hundred people yesterday and when I say we Emini here, me the other media outlets there, shout out to a lot of that media that I met.


I met Lisa Evers yesterday. I met Ava. I'm gonna get What outlet is Ava from? Hold on, I want to look. I might mess up my lighting, but I met a, I met so many journalists yesterday that I was like, yo, this is so fire. Ava Pitman from News Nation. I met her yesterday. She was like my role dog yesterday. We was out, me and Ava yesterday was like, because they weren't trying to let me into the court, like the actual courtroom where Diddy was yesterday and we was He was there. Oh yeah, he was there. Diddy is very involved in his case. Like, but Why? Okay, so what's he doing there? Like I'm just saying like, He's there because he, you know, Emini here he could say No to. Yeah. Oh, I know That Diddy is fighting for his life right now.


Girl. I didn't know that. They, he better be there. Choose a Emini here. You so it doesn't work where Diddy's just like, no. And the judge is like, okay, it's more so like, you know, we'll get into it. Okay. But yeah, I met a lot of people. It was kind of hectic. It weren't, it wasn't hectic as far as like the lines were crazy or anything. Like it will get once the witness testimony start. But it was hectic in a sense of like, everything was so fast and it was my first day, so I didn't even know how to navigate like content. So I didn't put too much pressure on myself. I was like, oh yo look, I'm gonna just attend. I'm gonna step out midway through whatever I'm hearing or watching, update the people and then I'll go back in there and just like be there for the rest of the day just to fill it out.


So it's hectic because you, you don't really know what you're walking into. Okay. And it takes forever. It's all, it literally was my whole day. So I woke up yesterday for breakfast club at what, 3 45, 4 o'clock. Got here, did the full day here. And then I went to the Diddy trial until like six 30. Made it home by like eight, nine o'clock. Tried to, I watched the Met Gala, tried to prep some notes for the day And I fell asleep. Yeah. Yeah. So it's hectic as far as that. It just like takes, it consumes your whole day. But I'm feeling good. I'm, I'm feeling really informed And I like having a front row like aspect into things. I think that it is the easiest to report on. I stopped in my Uber because I realized on the way in there that I wasn't approved. You, of course you can't take a cell phone in unless your actual court inside news.


And I'm going to figure out how to get that because I need that. But, so I stopped at FedEx and got, you know, just this Cambridge notebook, which I'm going to be taking notes in for the remainder trial. I'm gonna need some more. 'cause yesterday I took notes up until like this point yesterday, just from yesterday. And I only got this left. And we got eight weeks of trial left because you just never know what's gonna make sense at what point in time. And I have everything listed by like drawer number. I put the date on everything. What She's showing is like, yes, it's like eight to 10 pages back, front and back. Yes. Maybe more than Eight to 10. Yeah. Eight to 10 pages. Like, and it's very detailed because you just never know. Like something might come up later where you're like, oh, I made notes on that.


And then you go back. It's really like a case study. Okay. Which is so weird because when I was in high school, my mom used to always tell me to go to school for law And I could do anything I wanted with that. I was a legal administrative assisting at my Tex school. So I've always enjoyed like, case studies. That's why I was like a marketing major. 'cause you get to dive into cases and break things down and analyze it. But yesterday I was sitting in that courtroom and I'm like, oh, I really do enjoy this. But like four o'clock I was, I was like nodding out. I was falling asleep. But I, yeah, so I, I'm good. I'm, I'm, I'm in a good space. I wanna get into the latest and I've been trying to figure out, because we will be talking about this on The Breakfast Club of course as well, how to angle it here for the podcast listeners and viewers so that it's different so that they get a little bit more.


And I think the best thing is to just kind of open it up. Like, I would love to know what you wanna know from me. Like what are your thoughts? What do you think of when you, when you think of Diddy, you know, in court for the first time, you ask me, was he there? Yes, he was there. Very involved in his case. Okay. Very involved. So when you say involved, as in just watching who they're picking Emini here. When I say involved Emini here, so Diddy was in, he was in a, a blue crew neck like sweater that he pulled over a white button up blue slacks. He had reading glasses he, that he would put on and take off as a drawer was coming in. You could see him pulling up the drawer's profile on the tablet and just reading through, through different things as the jurors were like, you know, different things were revealed.


Like for instance, there was one juror that got on the stand and said, okay, so the last time I talked to y'all, you know, 'cause once you're sequestered as a juror, you can't talk to anybody about the case. Not even your wife, not even your husband. Right. So they're sequestered, they can't talk to their significant others or anybody in their family or anybody about the fact that they're on this Diddy case. One man got up and this man was like, listen, since the last time I saw y'all And I answered that note sheet and told y'all that nobody knows I'm here and like I have no, you know, conflicting things in relation to this case. He said, my wife found out that I was on this case and she came to me, his wife is an attorney and said I was one of the attorneys that was on the case when Puff had the incident back at Howard.


Remember that party that was a part of a documentary where people got stampeded and, and people passed away. When was That? That was a long, it was a long, long, long, long time ago. Like when I said it was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. But it was the center of one of the Diddy documentaries that has, you know, there's been all these documentaries over the last like year and it, and it basically made that documentary made him out to be a monster who just has no regard for human life and you know, all these things. So the man was like, look, my wife came to me and said, Hey, I know you're on the Diddy trial. He revealed how he knew, which also told on another witness, he said one how she found out. Right? One of the witnesses told their husband, I don't like him. He's a horrible person. When I prosecuted or when I, when I litigated that whole party incident where people were stampeded, where, where when people got ran over and they passed away.


I didn't like his regard for human life. I thought he was a horrible pers person. And he specifically said his actions were disgusting. He said, my wife found hi, and this is why I take notes. 'cause you, I wrote down the quotes he said, 'cause the judge asked him, 'cause 'cause basically he was like, look, I'm here and I'm telling y'all the truth. So I could still be a juror. I could still do this. Like, it's not gonna impact the way I think about this case at all. But the judge had to dig deeper. The judge asked him, well what did your wife say? 'cause he said, my wife said negative things when she found out that I was on this case. So he said, my wife found out, my wife found his behavior to be disturbing and she does not like him. That drawer, potential drawer was excused. And I say excused, that means that, yeah, you're not able to because what the, the what?


So the, the prosecutors weren't really tripping off that. The judge was like, the judge is very lenient, he's super fair. He was like, what do y'all think Mark Aglio, who was Diddy's attorney was like, no. For him to say my wife does not like him, that is a very definite feeling. And I, I'm just nervous that that may have spilled over onto the husband. No, not happening. Right. But I was thinking, yo, how small is The World and how crazy is that? And I, I really was looking at Puff and I'm like, I wonder how he feels to have that come back up again after all these years. And not just in a documentary, but you're sitting in front of this man whose wife prosecuted you at that time. Right? And he was young. This was a long time ago when it happened, prosecuted you at that time you had a party.


People were not protected in a way that they should have been and people died because of that. And now you sitting here and it's come back up again while you fighting for your life. Yeah. And good for him for being honest. A hundred percent. Like I feel like A lot of people aren't honest. So it's interesting that he even said something. Yeah. And in the courtroom when Diddy walked out, Emini here, just seeing him because I, I've seen Diddy in person a few times and you know, things of that nature. But like just seeing him, when he walked out into the court, it it like instantly it was just like, oh wow, this is really real. Does he look rough Or does he Look, he looks he very much gray hair.


Some black but very much gray hair. He's a lot skinnier. He looks like Puff from like the nineties where he was like skinny and like slim. I'm not as skinny though, but a lot skinnier. You can almost, you you can catch how you can catch his height more because he's slimmer. I feel like when he was like, you know, filth out a little bit, you didn't really, he didn't come off as tall a little bit more. But like even when he was standing next to his attorneys, I'm like, you could catch his height a bit more because his body is slimmed down. His face is very like gray pale because he is been, you know, behind bars all this time. He just Emini here. He looks his age for sure. I wanna say he looks stressed, but I don't even think it's that. I just think it's just different than how I'm used to seeing him.


Yeah. And And I think for me, yeah it really hit me then I'm like reporting on this is one thing, but to see him walk into that courtroom and to see how he looks, I was like, man, And I just started thinking about all these things And I actually wrote him down because I was like, in real time I really wanna like be able to like document, not that it's about me at all, but just be able to document like what I was feeling and seeing him. And one of the things I thought about is like, I wonder if he, because he's in New York, he's in this trial, we're here all day long. His daughter Chance Emini here, his daughter Chase, is it Chase or Chance? I believe it's Chase Chance. Hold on. Yeah. His name is Chance.


Yeah. His daughter Chance is literally right up the street at NYU. Oh shit, I didn't know that. She goes to n nyu, his other kids are, you know, la they're EI was thinking about the girls, I was thinking about so much because I was looking around to see if any family was, there was no one that I recognized. And I was like, I wonder if he feels like he failed. Like I wonder after all of this success and after all of these heights, if he feels like he's failed because he's sitting here devoting all of his day to this. And you could tell that he was nervous at one point time and He was mentioned the, his twins birthdays and he missed that and Yeah. Yeah. And, and his rapport with his attorneys were, it was amazing. I was shocked to see it. He was laughing with them and you know, he was very, when I say involved Emini here, like when certain things would happen on the stand, like when this guy revealed that his wife was one of the attorneys who litigated in that whole like, party incident where Puff was like, you know what Emini here, all of that, the whole, all of us was like, 'cause it was like, oh shoot, what a coincidence that this is coming back up right now.


Right. Yeah. Even then when, when that happened, I saw him smile And I, And I, And I feel like, 'cause 'cause there was another time too, they, they kept bringing up the H-B-C-U-H-B-C-U, the HBO documentary. That was like horrible that that document told him to shreds. I saw him look over at his attorney and like, and like nod his head at that point too. And his attorney made it and he probably Made it, he probably, they probably prepped him saying like, look, they're gonna bring this, that up. I don't think that they knew that that HBO documentary would come up because the attorney Mark Aglio did a really good job of like pressing a judge on like look when we, because they do the juror, the juror interviews separately. So we go, we went through each of those people. It was so many damn people separately.


Right. And then they bring them back in, in a group. So the, the, his attorney kept saying to the judge when the group comes in, basically, I don't wanna poison their mind, I don't wanna bring up that HBO documentary in front of a group of jurors who might not have seen it. 'cause then we gotta go through what it talked about. Yeah. All of that stuff. But I think there are certain points that they're gonna get to in the case that the, and and he mentioned this too, that the HB HBO doc is a part of number one, how they were gonna strike that witness. Like, and strike means like ob object to the witness being on a jury, but just bringing up like how social media in the media has impacted this case. Okay. Which was also a big point too. Majority of these jurors, even if they had never, 'cause there were a lot of people who I believed them too.


'cause you know, just, I just, I believed them who had never heard of Puff because of the life that they lived. They're older, you know, what do they never, there was like a older white lady who had no idea. She thought Michael, because in the, in the questionnaire they asked you about people in places, right? So they wanted, I guess they wanna identify how close a celebrity you are. One of, there was this older white lady, she was such, God bless her heart, she came on the stand and they were asking her, 'cause she identified that she might have known one of the people on the people in places list. She was talking about Michael B. Jordan. She said, is that the basketball player, Michael Jordan? She really had no idea. Well, Emini here, that's different. But she said that she really didn't know.


But because a lot of them admitted to that since they had received the, the, the jury questioning and info about the case that they'll be on, they're beginning to see headlines that they weren't really paying attention to before because they had to tell, like, they had to let the judge know that that was a thing. Because if it had come back up in court, you could, you know what Emini here, like I would've lied. Well that lady who was a juror who then went and told her husband, she gonna get in trouble. So yeah, I was thinking about all that stuff. Like, yo his time and his days are so different now. Can you retell what he's on trial for? Yes. So currently he is being charged on five different counts. The counts include charges spanning from sex trafficking, racketeer, conspiracy, and transporting to engage in prostitution.


There's arson that is a conversation. And, and Puff has pled not guilty to all of these charges. And he also turned down the plea deal as well. And one of the things that they discussed, and I'm gonna leave it here, I'm not gonna get into this. They mentioned in the court yesterday did that Cassie video probably will not be used in court. They're probably gonna use the Cassie video. But I have a question about like, did they, they did pick a juror Like some jurors though? No, no, no, not yet. Oh. So what what they do is, is what? So no, no jurors were picked yesterday. It it'll take a week. It'll take a week because they wanna go through everybody. Like they have a whole pool of people that potentially are able to be okay.


Jurors they go through everybody. They get, they get, they ask tons of questions because they wanna know your motive. Like why do you think you could do this? Do you have any conflicting ties to the case? Any conflicting ties to Puff? Are you a fan or not? Can you make a sound decision if you know if all of the above or can you not? It gives Diddy's team a a chance to be like, nah, we don't want this juror because of ABC and D It gives the prosecutors a turn, a chance to be like, nah, we don't want this juror because of abc and D It also gives you a chance to kind of like, think about how you speak to your audience or to the jury because they do these group interviews where they find out who you are, where you're from, do you have spouses? What music did you listen to? Like that whole thing. It it, it's really like a, it's almost like when you do a brand identity kit for a business.


Like you get to really get into the, the crevices of it and then you pick those 12 people and then that's who you're speaking to the whole time. So Monday the 12th, the judge said that that's his plan. Monday the 12th, he wants opening statements to start. So this will be going on all week. Okay. Because they gotta narrow it down. Do you think it's ideal or the people you saw was, it was a good combination of different races And Oh yeah, a hundred percent. It was very much a different combination of different races, different ages, different, like, I was even like, there was some black girls on the, in the selection that I was like, oh, they definitely DD fans. It's no way. And then they got on like the, the group interview and they were like, I don't even listen to music.


Like, And I'm like, you don't think some of them are lying though? I think you have to know who he is for sure. But to say that you're a fan where it's like, oh my God. Oh my God, Diddy, oh my god. And there was somebody in the courthouse the first go around when I was not in the actual court. I was in overflow room. I was told that somebody was in there with a free puff shirt on and they made him turn it around because the public can join too. The public can just come. Yeah. Why they so they weren't part of the jury. They just came there with their free time. No people, I met a woman yesterday who works for the MTA who, she's not a journalist or anything like that. She's just a person of the public who just wanted to come. You know, she has her own reasons, but she just wanted to come. Hmm. All right, so we're gonna be breaking this down more, y'all, as the weeks go on.


I just kinda wanted to give y'all a gist of what my day was like yesterday. All the stuff I saw, tweet me and ask me questions. I feel like with this Diddy trial, I don't just wanna like throw everything at you guys. I really wanna be able to answer your questions from my handy dandy notebook. Tweet me at Lauren la Instagram. Lauren la Lowrider. Thank y'all for being right here with me. I was out there in it rain yesterday, okay, it's gonna keep raining. I well and it's gonna keep raining, but I'm not out there until Friday again. So yeah, it's the, the latest with Lauren La Rosa, I'm your host, Lauren La Rosa, the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody, we didn't get to all the segments today because we just had to like, you know, do what we do. Eli's here, he's, he's on the pod. Say hi to the podcast. Say hi to the podcast.


You here now? I swear I didn't know before. Yeah. Yeah. You hear? This is over. Yo, Eli, y'all out. I'm hopping outta here 'cause I gotta go finish Breakfast Club. I'll see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.