
Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Wouldn't it be nice if getting what you wanted? Didn't take so much work with Xfinity. Finding what to watch is effortless. Just say movies into your Xfinity Voice remote to see picks from your subscriptions all in one place. Plus, find more of what you love and jam out to iHeart Radio's. iHeart Christmas and North Pole Radio hosted by Santa. So you can skip the endless scroll and get right to the good stuff.


Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How to get 30 30 bid? To get 30 bid? Get 20. 2020 bid. Get 2020 bid. Get 15 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extras speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


What's good? It's Cole Wit and Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone, thugs and Harmony and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday. Listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Welcome to Decisions. Decisions. I don't think you should say decision decisions. It sounded like you was talking to it. Cursed him. You definitely say the welcome. Welcome to the new podcast. Oh wait, you wanna say it together? Decision Decisions. Alright y'all. Well we are just gonna jump right into this shit. We good? This show Best friends baby daddy. I ain't gonna hold y'all. This is probably crazy because I normally don't bring people like that. I know like this. I think Tell the truth. They be fighting for the camera on me. Uhuh. We not gonna do that. We not gonna do that y'all. We have Jacquess in the building today And I am really excited because Yeah, I I had a pre-pro call with your fiance before.


Yeah, I heard y'all. I walked in y'all first off, first off. I ain't gonna hold y'all. Lemme tell y'all out. I'm sitting here like letting her know kind of the questions and conversations we're gonna have on the pot and here goes Jacquess in the background. Man, I done heard y'all shit. Y'all better not make my episode boring talk. I'm like man don't gimme all that other shit. Nah man, that's funny. She walked right back out the room. Yeah, but see we have to now because now we can't dig into the the hoes because if we the ones who dug into the past, she gonna be like, why the fuck would you put my man on Perfect like that? No, just, just know we gonna get to true to the sexiness of it all. The baby making of it all before we get to the sexiness. Can I tell you every time I hear your name I think of one thing, you know just as like a fan of listening to songs for yours.


My favorite song is a song that I would have to go through Helen High Water to listen to. And I get so excited anytime I hear the beat. 'cause all I wanna say is I got a ride with my gun on safety. Yeah, I don shoot. Yeah. Oh that it? Yeah to me. What if they, you said the gun off safety. Oh this is when you liked fucking niggas who had Guns under the pillow. No, I just said I resonate with the lyrics. My, oh damn that show up. Okay. That's my shit. It's already turned up. I get so happy when a DJ just takes it off track. Please. Yeah. Real. You know, I really hate reading this but fuck when it's better than this song. Yeah we go, I'm sorry I love a two but like honestly I was really upset.


Like I the DSPs, it was killing me. Yeah bro. I had to listen, listen to it on YouTube. I bought YouTube premium for the day. So you s swear. Damn. Swear to God. Oh that's real love, love love, love your voice in that song. It was really fun to listen to and it's like just, it was such a good song. Thank you. But yeah, like I can't, that was a fun time, right? Yeah. And also I, you know what? I wanted to own around and you and you stole the thunder from her again. Not y'all having babies around the same time. Oh, oh for real? She having a baby. She had her baby as well. Oh that's hard. Congrats the huddle. That's fat. No, she is. I like it. She used to be cool with me back in the day. Did you, when you were singing that song, 'cause the clip I remember would, did you really the audios from you singing in a car? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


No. So that day I was out the country. I was in London and it's crazy 'cause her best friend used to run around with me, you know what I'm saying? In London. Like she had worked for like Cash Money and Republic like out there it was like they had like a second part out there or whatever out the country. And she used to run around with me, whatever. So I was like, man, one day I was like man, I'm finna make this video to trip, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, I'm finna make it in the car. My manager was like, man, don't do that. Whatever you shouldn't do it. Whatever. I like, nah, I'm gonna do it. So I just recorded on the phone and that's the little clip. I was just lip-syncing what I had already recorded And I just threw it on the Grammy and when that went viral that same day I was already shooting a video to it, you know what I'm saying? Oh. So I was like, you know, I always do quick mixes. I didn't know it was gonna be that crazy when I put it on the gram. It had got like, it had got like 10,000 plays like in a minute or something crazy.


Something, something ridiculous had happened in like 10 minutes. I remember because we got the hood version of the song. That's why. Yeah, like I remember like I ain't even gonna cap. Like I remember when I dropped that stuff, like I remember like, like they had caught me from Cali like, you know what I'm saying? Like playing it like, like what was this like 2018 or something like this. Like I like I remember that coming from California, like in the neighborhood. Like just everybody in the neighborhood of California just out the windows playing trip. Like it was crazy. Like that was a crazy man. It remixes still something especially like with everyone using samples or remixing and doing all that shit. But also it not being money out of it 'cause shit ain't get cleared.


Is that something you still doing? Does it make sense to do Emini here? Yeah, I still do it. I just dropped a quick meet project the top of the year. Okay. You feel me? I did it because I'm like, man, my fans be asking for it. And I, and that was what was going viral. If you seen like the little shit that was like, damn girl, you And I. Then, then, then everybody was doing a little dances and show. Oh yeah TikTok. That was cute. So it's like I always do something to end up going vow. I actually had a really interesting conversation about that moment in time with, I was in this meeting about, it was a TV show that I was working to EP and they wanted to hire this influencer who was popular for copying something from another woman. And the conversation was like, yo, but like this is kind of fucked up. I'm like, yeah, but there're two black creators, like all tiktoks do the same thing.


They just remix it. I'm like, what about Jacque Queens? Think about that moment in time. Like I feel like we all agreed that like, okay, I understand why you perform this. It's not like people are paying the ticket to see you do this one thing. Exactly. Can they not do this? And I will, I'll say that is, that is another thing about I think our first time meeting. What Deandre shit, I, I gotta share this, I gotta share it. So I find out that one of my best friends is dating Jacquess and she calls me and is like, listen, Jacquess my friend be talk about music And I don't really know if she listens to your music that well.


And she say that you is not the king of RB. So when we come to New York, swear to God when we come to New York, I'm gonna bring her to your show. So, so she could see how you get down baby. And I went to the show and the visuals in the bag. The dancers. Yeah. And literally he comes backstage and he was like, shit, I did that shit didn't I? Yeah. On top. That was on the, for YouTube. That was like our first time meeting. And I did wanna wanna get into, so you know, decision decisions, you know we talk relationships, we talk sex, we gonna get into baby making the new project, let's do it. But before getting into the project, I wanted to bring up a, just a very real topic about our, our interaction.


Maybe something that people often go with or deal with. And I'll be real with you because you already know I wasn't a fan of course of you personally at first. Of course there was a lot around the pregnancy, the announcement of it. What was going on with your previous relationship as it intertwined with this previous, with this current relationship. Right. And I will tell you, I don't know if you know, there was a decision whether she was going to keep the baby or not. And I sent her flowers that said, real as bitch you give a fuck about a nigga swear I support whatever decision you make. Of course this stuff g. And so, oh, but it happens. I'm not gonna lie as a friend of course you gotta support your friend because that took place during your relationship.


Relationship. I do wanna commend you in having to go against and earn the trust, the love from her family members, her brothers, the mama, her best friends and everything around. Because I think it's been a lot for y'all to go through a high risk pregnancy, but also for you as a man, a first time father having to go against everything and also really being excited about this moment. Yeah. And I did wanna commend you 'cause I do think it's hard. Yeah. Like a lot of people out there have, you know, get pregnant with ain't shit. Niggas not saying that you are Right. But those men, there is a battle in wanting to be excited because this is a baby that's coming into the picture wanting to stay with this woman though there's been some ups and downs and then also fighting to prove that I'm gonna be the man that I know I can be in this relationship.


Right. And I do wanna say from a personal standpoint, y'all, every time I have seen you, you have done nothing but show up as a partner, as someone embracing the family, even though you knew we hated you a little bit. Yeah, yeah. Real talk. And I did wanna ask you how, how was that moment of wanting to celebrate your first child and then also as the man trying to just give advice to maybe other men dealing with this. Like how you let them know like, I'm gonna be here and I'm gonna be a good father and I'm gonna be a good partner to this woman. Well really it is like, it's just a decision a man gotta make. Honestly, that's what I think.


You know what I'm saying? Because that us as dudes, like it come a time where it came a time in my life where I'm like, man, I gotta stop really playing with fire. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I was always the type of dude to like play with fire. You dig what I'm saying? I would always think I could have it my way period. I always think, yeah, most men think that. That's just how I was thinking. I was just like, man, I'm ja, I could have shit my way. You know what I'm saying? And it just came to a halt because when I was thinking that, it's like everything started to fumble. You dig what I'm saying? Like other places in my life started to fumble and I'm like, I ain't got no discipline nowhere. You know? And if you ain't got no discipline nowhere, then everything gonna start to fumble. So once I got discipline with myself And I stopped drinking and doing different things like that, I think you share how that discipline happened.


Yeah. Like my girl was big on that. You know, I was big on drinking, you know, I was just really like a drinker, you feel me? Like a nigga that just liked to drink, but they was taking me somewhere that I had never been And I was like starting to lose myself in a way. But then I had somebody like Deandre that's right there that seen me in such a light that was seeing me go down like that, that she really just couldn't believe it type of thing. You know what I'm saying? Well, because she clearly couldn't, is she not a, well she couldn't drink during the pregnancy. Pregnancy, right. So they kind of went on that sobriety journey together, you know what I'm saying? So it was like that. But see, while she got pregnant I was still turned, you know what I'm saying? So I didn't turn down until like three months after.


Do you think that men need a moment of like, I feel like to any man that's ever dated me, there was a moment where they had to almost lose me to be like, oh, okay. And for you, I don't know if that moment was just, you know, drama on online and an ex or whatever, but do you think that it takes that, like do you think if you didn't have that moment you could propose? Like is there moments? Oh yeah, yeah. Without the moment I could have still proposed. Do you think that that really showed you the value though? I'm not saying obviously, nah, look at this woman like the future. Right? But it doesn't make you feel like, oh nah, it's like the all the, all the BS did for me really was just showing me that she believed in me to be someone better. You know? She gave me an opportunity to be better from forgiveness.


Yeah. It's like, it's like she's, she like, you know when somebody know like, nah, that ain't you. You know what I'm saying? They be like, nah, I don't believe that's you. You know what I'm saying? They could see the good in you like, like the real greatness in you. Did you also feel like the liquor was turning you into someone that you weren't proud of? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, because I would use it for like a coping mechanism for different things that I was fighting myself. You know what I'm saying? Like, so if I wanted to be at a certain place in my career, like you feel me? If I done got mad at motherfuckers for stuff I could control and not knowing, I would just sit there and just drink and then I would just drink till I fall asleep. You know what I'm saying? Wake, wake up the next day and just like drink in the day. Yeah. I just wake up, you feel me? Go do something. Then I'll figure out a way to be like, oh, I got a flight, or I'm gonna go to the bar, sit down to the flight.


Like, oh, the flight got two more minutes to bar, I'll run down there. You feel me? Get on the flight. Oh, they got some drink on this flight. All right. And I just drink, go to sleep, wake up, then just do a show. Then niggas be like, how the fuck did he kill the show? Like, this nigga was just backstage like, like niggas thought I was crazy. Oh wow. Because I'll be fucked up. But then I get on stage and be like functioning alcoholic Emini here. I'm not gonna lie, I'm straight up, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm currently going through my sober journey right now too. Yeah. And it, it awakens you in so many of your relationships, how you show up with the dependency of liquor. Yeah. To either ease, stress, anxiety, just being codependent also as being an artist. Yeah.


You're constantly around drinking and and things like that. Oh my god, y'all make me feel bad. It, but it wasn't even but wasn't night. I did ecstasy last week, week I feel like. But you can turn the fuck up. I like when folks turn up, like, I hate when folks come around me and they be like, like if a motherfucker came around me that drinking don't drink, I'm gonna be mad. Like I know, oh, I ain't gonna lie. I sneak to the, to the bar now and be like, gimme a Celtic, put a lime in mint in there. So it look like a mojito, but it ain't, or or I get like the 0% Heinekens. Exactly because it's still in a beer bottle. You know what I'm saying? So I be looking like I'm drinking. It tastes like it. Yeah. It's just a vibe. Like, I swear now that I done started getting the mocktails and shit, I promise you sometimes I'll be feeling like I'm drunk.


Be like, what shit, it's a sugar hot. I'm like, this shit might be in my head for real. I'm like, like I told my aunt the other day, I'm like, bro, I don't think I like, I'm really the same nigga. Like regardless, like, you know what I'm saying? Then I had got to a point where it's like, liquor be fun, you dig what I'm saying? And then I was like, you know, you be in like some shit where it's like, you know, both of y'all do that shit. You know what I'm saying? I was in stuff like that. Like where we both, I was in relationships where we both enjoyed drinking and then I was The One who couldn't like, grasp hold of it. Like, I even look back on like past situations now and be like, damn, like, you know, it was certain things that people was trying to tell me in the past that I understand now though. You know what Emini here, like God make no mistakes, you know what I'm saying?


But I be thinking like my whole, my whole life, like a lot of times in my twenties with different relationships I was in, it was like a lot of times liquor was always the downfall. But you know what though, you know what I'm saying? Everyone, I think dating somebody famous women feel so much pressure to not be the fun girl. You wanna be everything. You wanna be the fun girl, you wanna do this, you wanna let them know you down. Like, like I, I feel like I've, but then, but then the dude will let you know you ain't gotta be Yes. Because then sometimes the nigga will be like, no, I don't want that from you. But I, I don't think women are leading with that. Yeah. I I don't think that most women, that famous men meet gen are being the, their real selves. I I could, I could believe that. I think they being the woman that they think that you want, that's a, that's a fact. It's, it's gonna take it probably take the dude to break down or something to form to show their real self for you.


I think I, I'm curious because we have this conversation, we've had dating coaches on here and they, they say how long someone should be with somebody before the question has popped before you make it serious. Do you remember the moment that you were like, I'm gonna go buy a ring and propose to Deandre? Yeah, we knew you well you had the gender reveal the baby shower, which is where you proposed. But what was the exact moment where you were like, I'm gonna propose to this woman. Like, well, you gotta think at the general reveal. I wasn't even thinking about getting married, you know what I'm saying? Like, I was, it was only two months apart from each other. Damn near like I'm saying. I was just like, you know, wait, really? Nah, I was just like, one day we'll get married, but I was just like, you know how niggas be like, you know, one day we'll get married, but you never really know when they always say it'll just come to you.


You know what I'm saying? How long had y'all been dating before you proposed? Let's see if Anwar is right. Me and Deandre, she came on the tour last year. She, she came on my tour. We went on tour by October. Add this up. 'cause we had a dating coach. Man wanted, this is different because she was pregnant in three months. No. So now we got, yeah, she was pregnant in three months of dating. Yeah. So, okay. She was pregnant in January. Yeah. Facts ask. It's different here. The timeline was, yeah, our timeline was, but you don't have to marry a woman just because they pregnant. Valid. Nah, hell no. That ain't, that ain't why I married her. You gotta think. So gender reveal was April, you didn't know in, in April you didn't wanna propose. But the baby shower was in June or July between April and the summer.


What moment or what did she do or what happened to where you were like, this needs to be my wife? Well, it's like really we started gonna to church and stuff, you know what I'm saying? So we started gonna change church, shut up. We gotta get in that motherfucker on Sunday. We gotta get, he could play it on, he could play it on a laptop on Sunday. Yeah, we church and stuff. And then honestly I had started like after the general reveal and you know, I'm watching them, seeing her go, like seeing what we doing and stuff like that. I'm at the crib, like I got a schedule. I, I'm working out in the morning, you know, making my smoothies wound come back doing what I'm doing out. So I'm like, okay, because I, I'm like, okay, I can like, you know, first you try to see the routine first you'd be like, okay, can I do this every day?


You know what I'm saying? Like, so I'm asking myself that. I'm like, okay, I like waking up over here, making my smoothie, going to the gym, coming back, shout it right here. I do this, I do that. Okay. Do I, waking up, okay now I'm doing this shit too months straight. I'm like, I still feel straight. Like, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, okay. Like, okay. Just like, it feels easy, you know? I'm just like adding it up. I'm trying to see like what I'm gonna be missing, you know what I'm saying? Then I'm working And you started thinking, ah, yeah, then I'm working out one day and I'm working out And I'm running on the treadmill and I'm looking at this dude, it's this black dude in the, in the gym. So every time it's like black people in the building, I always be like, oh, this dope. Like, I'm gonna have a conversation with him. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Yo, yo. So I was like, I was like, man, what's up man?


Like, you know what I'm saying? We was in the jail. He was like, man, what's up Doc? Woo, whatever. And I was talking to him and he was like, man, I'm a, I'm a pastor. I couldn't believe he was a pastor 'cause it swag. I was like, oh, what's up? Not just not pastor you, you expect pastors not to be swaggy kind. I'm saying he was swagged up, you feel me? Really? Yeah. You know, you just like, are you, are you the swaggy mega church? I'm saying, but he just had sauce like, you know, he looked like the aunt you just talked to at the crib, like The One that got some money or something, you know what I'm saying? It wasn't The One married that was married to Giselle Bryant. Was it? Because you know he got the the church in what, what a church at hold. Tell what? A church at first. Oh, it's in Atlanta. Tell me where it at. See, lemme see your picture. Jamal Bryant look up. Nah, birth, new birth is Jamal Bryant's church?


Nah, not him. It wasn't him. Nah, okay. So I remember he see Swaggy bro. Lemme see. Yeah, that nigga he got. Oh nah, that ain't, he look like he fuck ho. You know what I'm saying? That ain't bro. So he was, you, you, you maybe probably Victory. That's the other big church. It wasn't Victory. Nah, it's it was a small church. Oh, okay. Okay. So he was just basically in there talking about how he was talking about marriage. Just random, you know what I'm saying? And I was like, man, you know, I was just listening to him the first day. I was like, okay. Then he came back to the gym and he just, other white guy, super cool who been in the gym with us and stuff. And he always be like, Hey Jaqui, man, you dating, you know Sanders, you got, you know what I'm saying? Woo woo. I'd be like, yeah man, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That my girl, whatever, you know what I'm saying? He like, yo man, it's dope, man, stay focused man.


Da da da. You all right? You know what I'm saying? So then the, the, the pastor, you know, The One we call Doc or whatever, he like, Hey doc, he just giving me some game or whatever. So I'm like, man, I might get married, you know what I'm saying? So he was like, oh, for real doc. Woo woo, gimme me some little game stuff. I'm like, yeah, yeah, I might do it. I'm just really throwing it out there to see what the OG gonna say for real. Say, oh yeah Doc, that'll be good for you. Da. You know what I'm saying? He don't even know me for real, but he telling me that'll be good for you, da da. So I'm like, okay, okay. So I'm just sitting around. So I started writing this letter, you feel me? So I'm like, lemme start writing this ladder. Let me just see what's going down. So I started writing a letter, then I stopped writing it. Then I called my mama. I'm like a letter to who? Deandre. Okay. You know what I'm saying? The the eight minute letter?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was writing a letter for four days. You feel me? Shut up. Yeah. And I remember when I was writing a letter, I remember, I remember I would be on the balcony and this when we was in the condo in the city when I was over there staying at her spot and she would be on the sofa, you know, the sofa right here, the balcony right here. And I'll be out there late and she'll be like, I don't worry about you. I'm like, what? You worry, you know, Deandre like that. She was like, they don't worry about you. I was like, I was like, what you worry about, I'm right here. You know what I'm saying? But you were writing a lot in your phone. But, but I, but, but she know I always write down stuff anyway, so I'm making it seem like, bitch, I got a lot of ideas that's, I'm trying to, I'm making it seem like, yeah, I got a lot of ideas and stuff. Like I'm just writing some ideas and stuff.


I'm thinking about some lyrics and stuff. So she like, okay. Then it went on for days. She kept saying like, I'm just worried about you, you know what I'm saying? So then I asked my mama like, Hey mom, I think I'm gonna marry Deandre. She like, okay, cool. She like, well you need to her, her short term goals and her long term goals. Oh, you know what I'm saying? She like, this wasn't a conversation y'all had already My mama. No, you, you and Deandre, the short term and long term goal conversation. Uhuh. Oh, well I guess in all fairness, mama, you just kind of getting to know each other. You got the new thing going on, like, oh wow. Uhuh, we didn't, it was Fritz. So my mama like make sure you know our short term goals and our long term goals because my mama had already told me she was a one on tour. You know what I'm saying? Really? What made Sure wanna, yeah, your family Emini here. Deandre had came on my tour.


She really snuck on tour with us. For real? Like she came to a show. Oh, that's what I gotta do. I gotta sneak on tour with her. Nigga you gotta come to it. Okay. Turn to sneak on a tour. Yeah, I see you d I'm finna do it too. Shout it came to a show. She broke her brothers to the first show she came to, she brung Sha Door and Bucky and then she was like, I wanna come to another show. I want my friends to see you perform. You know what I'm saying? Aw. And she had us pull up every city. She was like, I got friends in this city. Yeah. But you know, it's really nice to be, was coming to the city And I was to be proud. And then she was telling her mama for real. Like, I think he The One, like, I caught whiff of them saying like, oh, he The One like, you feel me? I'm hearing that. You feel me? So I'm like, oh shit. Like they think I'm The One.


Like what the hell.


Hello, it is Ryan. And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing? They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


Head over to nfl shop.com for the largest collection of officially licensed gear from all your favorite brands. NFL Shop is your ultimate gifting destination for Jerseys t-shirts, headwear and more. Take your game day style to the next level. With the best selection of NFL Gear Anywhere, show off your team pride this holiday season with Styles Fit for the whole family to shop now go to nfl shop.com.


Wouldn't it be nice if getting what you wanted? Didn't take so much work with Xfinity. Finding what to watch is effortless. Just say movies into your Xfinity Voice remote to see pics from your subscriptions all in one place. Plus find more of what you love and jam out to iHeart radio's. iHeart Christmas and North Pole Radio hosted by Santa so you can skip the endless scroll and get right to the good stuff.


What type of things do you think mean? The One we had wrote to me on Yep. And he talked about and said specific things. I'm just curious like what is, hold on, hold on. Did did, did she pay herself to come on that tour? That's what bro Timmy said, bro. Timmy said he knew her. Oh yeah. His woman was The One blew, blew herself from Africa in South Africa to la Yeah, because she wanted to see him and then, nah, she was paying to get there. Damn, we all gotta pay to be with these niggas. No shit. She was paying shit. No, she, I think I paid for her to get that one probably one time, but, but she was, wait, how many shows she went to? I need to know. Deandre started out on The One show and then she finished the tour like after h like before Halloween.


Deandre was there with us on Halloween. We all had on costumes. She had her friends with us on costumes. Then she was there with us the whole tour. She was on the whole tour like, and she just popped up every city. She brought herself? No, she stayed on the bus. She organized my room. She had her, her. Oh. She said I'm gonna work. She had everything organized. Like literally. Wow. She came and changed the whole game. Let me ask you this. Damn, somebody is gonna watch this and people are enjoy hating on what you have, right? Oh yeah. Or happy people, whatever. Yeah. Like even Deandre's post about pregnancy, I have fibroids. Oh man. I couldn't believe the comments. That shit really triggered me. Yeah. And I don't even know Deandre like that. Yeah, I know her through Mandy when she comes to a show. Yeah, I was fucked up reading a show. I'm like, bro, you can't even make a choice for yourself because people just wanna be angry about a nigga with you.


The choice out. Yeah. Real talk. So people I feel like will be excited to hear that Deandra paid to come because they wanna Wow. I really do. I feel like this. Oh yeah, someone's gonna watch this and be like, see why I gotta put piggy bank to the side on some niggas in 2025. Tell me why Deandra doing this on her own. Ooh. Taught you that she was The One or spoke to you. Oh, what, what? What did that show you if anything? Emini here. You gotta think we was friends first anyway, so Deandre would always be at my birthday parties and all that type of stuff anyway. So it's like, like I was with her on her 33rd birthday. I remember she was telling me when she turned 33 she was like, oh this is my Jesus year.


You know what I'm saying? Like soon as she turned 33, I think that's the same year she got pregnant. It is, you know what I'm saying? And she was like, this is my Jeezy. I was like, what that mean? She was like, you know this just, she was explaining it to me and, And I just got lost. What you ask me, I'm saying like with her spending money to come. Oh yeah, I feel like somebody, yeah y'all, you saying what did it mean? It was like, yeah, did that mean something Emini here, like I said, we was already friends and just going back to her telling me it was a jeez year and stuff like that. It was like we already had like a special connection, you know what I'm saying? We was already connected. So for, for her coming to my shows, it was really like with her coming to see me, it's like, yeah, my like Deandre pulling up on me. You feel Okay so hold on. How you start fucking your friend? Because I feel like nobody gonna let us run. Nobody's gonna let us have a whole boy ever again. Emini here, you always, you fucking go from homie to lover.


No, no, no, no. We need it when it really frank, how do you go there? How do you go from homie to lover? Feel like, I feel like when a nigga get, when a nigga get, when a nigga either got problems in his spot for real when a nigga got problems in his spot and a nigga just tired of what he got and a nigga just ready to just explore. Like when you ready to wrist, you ready to jump. You gotta be ready to just like I don if I don, I don't think I like this either. I don't like that answer. I Emini here. You got like Emini here. Emini here. Okay, well let's rephrase it. That's what it is. Okay. No, I think we need to go back here. Rewind it. Can I just tell you how that you made it sound? Huh? Kind of just like I made it seem like she's a home record or no, you made it sound like she was just there. Oh no. Emini here.


You gotta think we was friends. We met probably on one of those days. Like not, not one of 'em days. Like one of 'em times. You know how you are in a relationship with someone? You not with someone for some time. Like you might've been dating somebody for years, right? But y'all might have not been in a relationship for like three months, you know what I'm saying? You might've met someone that became your friend. That's how you met somebody. I like, I met her in a period like that. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I met her like when she turned 31, like Patman Jones had called me to singer her happy birthday. I didn't know nothing about her, you feel me? He was just like, man, I'm with, I'm with Deandre. I'm like, who is that? He like, man it's Deion daughter, you feel me? He's like my little sister. It's her birthday scene to her. I'm like, what nigga? I'm gonna be singing to folks on the phone. You know what I'm saying? Y'all being through Pac is crazy. Yeah, yeah. And he like, and he like, bro just sang to him. I'm gonna put on the phone.


He put on the phone and when I seen her I'm like, oh, she's super pretty. I started singing. I ain't, I don never seen the people on the phone, you know what I'm saying? I just started singing and she was just like, oh thank you. And I was like, oh damn. I was like, pat shout type in Deion funs first Charact Instagram. I was just like, shout is bad. And I just started Dia her And I met her in Miami and then we just started kicking it like we was kicking it so hard. I couldn't believe she was Deion Sanders's daughter. You feel me? Like we was just kicking it. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. That's a risk to your life. Like I was just like, I was just like, dang, like shouty really like cool as hell. Like you feel me? She was and is. She was so real. I was just like, damn, like this shit crazy.


You feel me? I was really blown like this don't make sense. Like shout it too real. I love that. No dope. It it's gotten into, I haven't talked to a nigga from Atlanta in so long. Oh my God. You hear this? Say I'll be with Shouty, I'll go get my smoothie, come back to the gym. Woo woo shout. I don't do. That's crazy. That's crazy. I want it because the holiday season is coming up and again, digging into relationships and how to navigate them. I have a hypothetical that I wanna throw with you because we are in the season of gift giving. So I wanna see how you would react to this incident happened, ed, and feel free as well because you a dude and so sometimes I know it could be seeming like we ganging up.


Oh shit. So you, so if you gotta step in, you gotta step in. Come on. I don see right now. So qui you get your partner a gift for the holidays. Let's say you buy her a bag. Okay, her bag, she absolutely hates the gift but doesn't tell you two months later you see her wrapping it to regift it to one of her close friends. Don't, how do you respond to this? I'm hurt. Adam been hurt before like, like I'm like hurt. Yeah, slick. Because you gave a gift to someone and they didn't like it and you regifted it. I be, nah regifting it is crazy because it's like, yeah, like you re-gifted it. Now if it's like, if you would've told me like, alright, I don't like these, what is it?


Let now let's hold on. We gotta help the audience. It's the season of giving. I really think men have an awful time, awful time getting gifts that women actually like. Facts. W Weezy And I have come on here on Patreon and had to share how nigga spent money and we ain't like that shit. And then, oh, I'll never forget mine bitch. I ain't, she wants shew wallet. It was just as red as your pants. It, oh, she hated it. She had to come on and was like, I know that it's tough. It's tough to buy women gifts. I tell Deandre that all the time I come in the house with stuff. Oh no. She told me. Oh and she, she called me scared as hell to buy her a gift. Yeah. I tell her because I like, I'm not sitting we now, so you know, I wanted to ask you something before. Yeah. So how did you pick out the ring? Oh. Oh. So I had my sisters with me.


But did they know what shape and stuff? Because I realized the home that's a big thing I knew. I'm like, I want, I want her like, I'm like, I want her her ring to be like my earrings. Oh wait, you knew what you wanted her to wear, but did you know what type of ring she wanted? She wanted wear. I ain't know what she wanted but I ended up buying her dream ring. Oh thank God. Oh, you looked up, you got lucky. You know what I think about when I think about a bad ring sex in the city when she threw up, you remember that moment? She found a ring reference in the closet and threw up. Oh shit. And everybody was like, ugh, what made you throw up? She was like, it was pear shape at this kind of van and it was all sick to their stomach. And I'm like, yo, I would be so happy. I would just live with it bro. Nah, if not, if it was I want it. Wait, wait, how ugly I want, I want, I want one that made my hand like this.


You got it, you got it. Oh, you saying you seen shout ring? Oh no it's not. No I don girl that thing was glistening. I told my friend, girl lemme sing. Put it out like me. Yeah. Real fuck. You know I'll say this though, if I'm dating Emini here, you're r and b singer, we rapper energy. My my ring can't be made. I'm sorry. No, it can't be made. You telling me my nigga can't go through TSA without just taking everything off And I have to be, you're in a normal ring. But to be fair, you also just brought up not liking my jewelry Don't ring in TSA huh? My jury don't go off in TSA No, I'm saying like I just thought you have to take off everything. No, because you got so had to throw out a, he said this ain't metal bitch, y'all ain't said nah, I don't have that experience.


Sorry. I I honestly, and when I said it, it didn't come outta my mouth. I goes So then so then you, so as men who are thoughtful and gift given, if your partner doesn't like it, it does have an impact on you. But then how would you want your partner to say, Hey babe, don't really like this. It only got an impact on you by the reaction of how they do when you give them the gift. Like if I give somebody something they like thank you but I don't it. It'll make you, it hurt your what if fake a moment and then come to you back like, hey babe. Yeah, I think it hurts regardless because you could either be un it depends on how you said like how should you said on some cool funny shit like that. I might laugh and be like, you know, like, damn, what the fuck? So I gotta make a joke of the gift you gave me.


Tell me how to tell a nigga I don't like what they got me. Because never, because you never know how hard a nigga went to get it. Can we, can we role play? Okay. Can we role play? Okay. Can you give her a G real quick? And then she tells you, you respond wheezy. You don't like the gift. Yeah. Yeah, she can like it. Oh my god, you got me. Oh my god. Yeah, she, I'm so happy. Okay, so wait as a man, would this reaction be okay? Even though it's, even though you know it's a little bit of a lie. Yeah, I would be a little sick. Damn my pocket. You feel me? Bro, you know what my grandmother said to me one time?


God rest us soul. I got her a fucking sweater. I'll never forget she opened the box on Christmas. Doesn't might have been like 2015 and she went like this. Oh, I was like, what's wrong with it? And she was like, I don't think I like it. I said, damn Grandma must have thought that counts. She said, don't think about me. Damn. I was like, that was my line forever. That's real though. Don't think about it. Not for real. So can we, can we bring that up though? Is there a moment where it actually is the thought that counts? I think that's the bullshit ass line. It, I ain't gonna hold you. It's, it's like this. I feel like with a gift you should be thankful regardless. So I disagree and let me, oh girl, don't bring up the flowers please. Hold on. I'm not gonna bring up the flowers bitch. Damn. I think that's a valid point too. Shut up. It it.


So my nigga And I argued over Mandy. I thought you, he showed me, right. Okay. Okay. So to me the thought that counts a brings it down to being something bare minimum. We all have thoughts, we all, and, and when holidays come around, it's almost like second nature, fuck, I gotta get a gift when Valentine's day come around, birthdays come around when there's moments that come around where technically gift giving is a part of it. The thought that counts actually is the bare minimum because you already know there's gonna be an exchange of something. So to me, being intentional with a listening to me or getting me something that, you know, will enhance my whatever my life in whatever way or that I've actually asked for.


So yes, I'm okay. I'm not gonna bring up the flowers, but I'm gonna bring it up. Bring up the surprise party. So, oh, when I was, so, when I was in my previous relationship, I'm not big on celebrating birthdays. I don't wanna do birthday dinners, I don't want everyone around. And in the moment I just wanted a spa day with my nigga. That is it. I was very adamant. Let all my friends know. I don't want, I don't even want nothing but a spa day. There was a lot going on with work. My birthday, he gives me a surprise party. All my friends are there. There's a cake, there's food. I'm surprised with a surprise party.


I roast that nigga on a podcast the next week. You was sick and bring up how much? I absolutely hated it because I thought, you know what, this nigga didn't even listen to what I wanted. Wait, you didn't tell him to his face, you were on it? No, I told him, I told him that following week and then we got into an argument, which is why I brought it up on the podcast. So I I brought it up on the other pod, but I, I ended up being upset because in that moment, me telling him I didn't like it, he said, I've never done that for anybody. And he made me feel like I was ungrateful because he went out of his way to get me something I didn't want. There's a problem there, there's an intentionality of you literally going out of the way to gimme something I don't want.


And now you're trying to make me seem ungrateful because you got me The One thing I said I didn't want you don't get a pat on the back for the thought of doing something that meant something to you and not to me. And so I think it's the same thing. Let's bring up the example. Example. No, but don't do that. Wait, is that wrong? No. Do you know, do hold on. I wanna bring, I wanna bring, I wanna bring up pop culture. Shit. I don't know, did y'all see this year even Swizz Beats went on a, on on on an interview and said, yo, I got, I got Alicia a one, I think there was only seven cars made this certain type of car. Look up the car, edit if you can. And he went on and he was like, man there was only like seven of these made.


I got it for her birthday and that shit collecting dust. She ain't even drove it. She don't like it. I spent all this money on it. What? It's a, it's Virgil's $300,000. Is it Maybach? Yes. Yeah. I'm not saying I hate rich people because I don wanna be one, but like, but literally and what he, what he even came to realize in that moment was I bought her something that I wanted myself. Oh I'm sorry. 500,000, 500,000 car. She hated it, didn't drive it. And he was like, damn. I realize in that moment that's not even what my wife wanted. And he did feel like she was fucking awful for not being excited.


Hold on, hold on. What the only caveat you party. I ain't hard. Gimme what I like nigga. No, I gotta say this. Something about what you said. So boom. So you had told Buddy like woo woo. You were like, no, I'm saying no. I'm saying you really had whoop whoop woo. Yep. I said all that you told Buddy. Basically like damn it's my birthday. You know what I'm saying? Like I really don't wanna do nothing this year. I just wanna have a spot day. Right. But I'm gonna tell you something how dudes think, how niggas think, right? Oh niggas think like, because then especially who you are, right? Nigga think like, damn, okay, shady said she didn't wanna do nothing for her birthday. Okay, I'm, I'm trying to wild shout it.


Like whenever a nigga hear a girl say she don't wanna do something for her birthday, a nigga instantly get to thinking like, nah, we doing something for her birthday. 'cause I know she wanna do something for her birthday. Maybe. Ooh, I get maybe shouty ain't got it. Get it, maybe shout it like, or maybe shout it like trying to figure it out. So I'm gonna figure it out full boom. Hey, you know shouty like be lit. Hey let's have a surprise party. Boom. That's, you know, it's crazy. I get it too. I'm not a bitch that even fake reaches for my wallet to pay for a date. You know exactly what you getting with me. So no that me saying what I wanna go It was your birthday. I did You still get the spot? It was your birthday. You said what did you get at the spots also? Oh, three breakups later because I had a coupon. Thank you Erica and, and Mila for that. Okay, wait, no, lemme Just say this one thing from him though.


I was thinking of I got it from my friends with him though. I but you always, I've been sick. My friends got me a 200 Sojo spa gift card because my friends listen to what I want. But Manny hold on. Wait, wait. But see he trying to wild me. You go to the spa already and do it right. This is, I didn't really interest think of it like this, but now that you said this, a lot of niggas that date me feel like it's hard to get me anything. 'cause I always get it myself. My nigga said to my face like, when you took me to Sojo, like thank God you ain't fucking been here. You don't think I could have threw myself a surprise party? No, I don't think you can throw yourself spa party it the effort party. But that's the point. But see, so that's, so this is my point for men. It's the effort to me then the gift and what you do, the gesture becomes about you, not about your partner.


Why do you think that though? And well that's because, because literally, yo, I'm going outta my way to do this. He brought up that he'd never done it for a woman before. That's different. He felt proud of that moment and so it did something for him. But you literally went out of your way. But, but it's like you made him feel like that. Oh wow. It's, you made, made him feel like it's like yeah, you made him wanna go outta his way. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie to you. You did what I'm saying. It's like you made a nigga. It is like's like, I like you so much, you make me want to go call all your friends and go out my way to celebrate you. Like I, I like you that much. Like I heard you say that you ain't wanna do nothing for your birthday, but I know you Mandy like, so it's like I heard you say you ain't like, but I but it's your birthday though. Like it we celebrating you. Like that's how the nigga was think, you know, I did not think I was gonna be team red pants instead of a skirt.


That's crazy. But that's how the nigga was think, okay, I'm not gonna lie to you. I see it. He really fuck with you. So you'll say overall, because this is the consensus I'm getting, are we saying then in gift giving women should just literally, it's the thought that counts and to not share whether they hate something or not. Should, should we eat that then to not, it just depends on, hold on, we got, we got, we got an audience today. She said no, but I, that's what I'm hearing because of the effort that the man puts in. So then how can we be honest in a relationship? So I think her ego is not involved where we can share whether we dislike something or well Emini here it's like this, my girl can tell me she don't like something.


I'm not gonna just be hurt. You know what I'm, I might be like, but you Just say I came in the house with something, I went to Louis And I brought Deandre something in the spot and then she was like, oh man, I don't like that. I'll be like, well they go return that shit. Right? That's what I would say, no cap just like that. I'd be like, well they go return that shit. Right. Okay. That's me though. I wish I would've told the truth about that one gift. That was the stuff. Yeah, because bitch you did you you. But then if I see her rapping it up trying to give it to Mandy, I'm be like, why the fuck fuck giving Mandy my shit? Right. Oh yeah. That's fucking crazy. Lemme get that shit baby. I like that shit. That's why God, that's how I'm gonna be, wanna let let it go to you somewhere. God, I think there's, there's a thin line of like letting someone know that you're grateful.


So man, lemme tell you something Mandy just said her home girl did. And I was like, this bitch is insane. So this, this episode comes out beforehand, just so we know. I Well, that's what I was gonna try to go at too, but yeah, whatever. Fuck it. So ho, because this is, this is in the same kind of family. Okay. Her home girl just started dating a nigga. Okay. Three, four months. Asked him to get her a tote bag. What's a tote bag? A a tote bag. Bag. Okay. Sorry. My brace. Oh, she asked for one? Yes, she asked for a bag. She asked for a total bag. She didn a, like, I never fool was old like, I need a bag. Can you get me a bag? Don't, I don't like how you work. Write you did wasn't praised that way. I'm sure it wasn't praised that way. So the dude bag don't like that shit. Don't do that.


And this is why we gotta buy our own. Be honest with you though. The shit that you said I really think is crazy. Now I'm gonna tell you some real shit. When I was first getting with Deandre, right? Shit like this, before we was dating or anything like, like when we was first kind of like liking each other, knowing we liked each other, I would always go to the Louis store, right? And she would always be like, buy me something. Like, duh. Nah, I never would. You feel me? I just never would. You know what I'm saying? I remember she bought me a Louis hat, right? But she would never give it to me because I never bought her shit out. Louis. That is funny. I'm a So she just took a picture of it was like, got this for you babe, but never gave it to you. She still got it. She rocked it. She just, she just, I never wore it though. Now she wore, she said, I'm gonna wear this shoe. Yo. That's really funny. That is funny. You know what that is together?


Have ever seen that little meme When a bitch get a gift? She be like, he's not your nigga. You not your nigga. He not me. That is funny. He gives her a bag, a tote bag. It's Mark Jacobs. Okay. What was her response? I don't wear Mark Jacob, do you have Mark Jacobs in your closet then why do you think Mark Jacobs look at, look at the jaw drop. I got Mark Jacob. Me too, but, but he didn't. I already wear felt like, if you don't have Mark Jacobs in your closet, why are you buying it for me? You have Goyard, you have Gucci, you have all these other things. Why you doing this for me? Do you, do you think I'm less than what you think is three or four months than you asked? No. You just like, does this, does this bag show how much I value you?


Does this bag show your value? You asked for it if you wanted some bitch. You shoulda been specific Emini here. Yeah, you asked for a new bag. I didn't know it had to be Gucci. Like she would've threw me off. Okay. Be honest with, I can't believe you. I've been like, yeah, I'm straight on you. You trim because this ain't even about none of this shit. You, you asked for a bag. Like I coulda bought you a jam sport. You feel me? No, you couldn't. I coulda You said need a school bag. Wait, when I need a new suit, a G Sport is, hold on, we not gonna let you get that all. You need a new bag, bag, coat, bag. And you're gonna buy me a, I'm saying what type of bag we talking. Okay. Walk around with like, we about, so Rock does, I'm how we coming?


You need something to rock? Said you put your shit in. Yeah. This real, this is, I got you the triple pocket. I know the points you're trying to make, but you're not driving home. No, I'm trying be. Alright, let's be 1000. Alright, let's be one. Like if I buy you Fruit of the looms, when you say, yo, I want some nice boxes, you'd be like, you went to Walmart. All you gotta, oh, I promise you all, all they gotta do for me is be all black. I don't even, I don't even, you know what I, him but this, I guess I'm not, but you know what, like, I'm a different type of nigga. So I thought the tote bag comment was crazy. I honestly was like, yo, this is some bird shit. Like, but I think she looking for something else. But I think the, what did I Just say? But I think the main thing about it that stopped you, she looking at that nigga bags. Like, okay, if I get with him instantly, I'm gonna get what he get. But can, can't, I said that you can't think you what a man get, but he's a mortgage broker.


You said what? You said he's a mortgage broker. He, he made like 400. He does real estate, but it's like what a nigga make. It's not enough to be Emini here, but he, but I feel like what a man make don't got nothing to do with a woman. Nothing. It's like I can have what a man make. I just feel like I can have a, it has nothing to do with a woman. No. I feel like I can make a million dollars and you could work at Marshalls. I don't have to give you my money. Jesus. We not gonna bring up God. That is crazy. We not gonna do it. We gonna do it. We not gonna do it. We, we done talked about the Marshall story enough. Be quick. The audience knows about Marshalls. People did not believe it. He makes in the hundreds, millions. Right? This nigga started dating a girl. Was it TJ Maxx? It was TJ Maxx. And literally he was like, she cut it off with him because he was trying to give her money to go to school, do different shit.


And she was like, I like managing in retail. Like I went in retail. So why Emini here? Why did they break up? He was trying to, he was like, I'm not going to deal with, she said that he wasn't happy with being with her. She believed that. And he literally, he met her in the airport. She was going on some solo trip. And when he called me about it, he was like, yo, this bitch is so dope. Like she's about to go backpack in a jungle by herself. And when he found out she made it to, she named TJ Maxx. He said it was slightly embarrassing, but like he was How is that embarrassing? That should have turned him on more. He not a real nigga. I think it, I think it's more so like, I want the woman I'm with, he's not a real nigga. Hold on. The One, he's not a real, The One only thinking up because that's your friend. But let him talk, let him get his shit off. No, but how, how? He's not a real nigga. This man just said shouty word at TJ Maxx. I was embarrassed. I lemme tell you some real shit, Deandre.


That's my girl. Regardless. We just talking now. We just talking. Right. If I was Jacquess and my girl worked at fucking TJ Maxx, like I would be, I would stand on that shit. Like, yeah, my girl, like, she love that shit, fool. She the manager down there at TJ Maxx in the a I ain't gonna tell y'all which one, but Shouty love that shit. That shit would turn y on more. Hold on. I would wanna go buy Shouty everything. And TJ Maxx, I didn't think anything was wrong with him dating her. Whatever. No, no, no. But I started to understand I don't wanna buy everything that she ever wanted. Yeah. Because it's like, she not looking for a nigga for nothing. He should have married her, you feel me? Well, she broke up with him because she, he said he was making a lot of gestures to like start a business, give her money to do, do certain things, shit that she ain't wanna do. And she was like, yo, you, you really don't fuck with me and cut him off. I would. Yeah. And he was trying to buy her Emini here or you want me to, he was trying to buy her.


You want me to be shot then? I'm not, didn't want, are men not allowed to want women in a different bracket? I can want you in a different bracket, but is that what you want for yourself? I don want that like a serious question now. Right? Who? I gotta be honest, while I agree, you make a hundred million dollars, it really don't matter where your bitch work. There was a point in time where he started to be like, I don't know if I could be with someone that don't really Want more than a TJ Max. That's a real, but that, I'm not gonna lie. I don't think that's wrong. No, that's not wrong. That's not wrong. You feel maybe he wasn't trying to buy her. Maybe he was like, bro, I ain't gonna lie. The only part why I said they weren't real, because he said he was embarrassed about a job. Now, if he want a woman that won a think hired now, that's cool. Ain't nothing wrong with that. He, he just, that type of nigga, you know what I'm saying? It's, it's different types of guys.


You know what I'm saying? He just like, well shorty, I want a girl that wanna be the president of the United States. You get what I'm saying? Like, I don't want a girl to just want to think at TJ Maxx. I want my girl to be the president of the United States. Now you want Kamala, you know what I'm saying? Emini here and, and honestly, because most niggas I went back and forth with ha though, because most niggas don't care about all that. Most niggas just want is gonna be with them. You got my back. That's not true. You gonna make sure I'm good? No, it's not. Niggas want teammates. He's a, he's a man. Love a man. What I want is someone that got my back, someone I can depend on. Someone who loves me, someone wants, I feel like that goes back to what I'm saying. Someone confidence in me and someone that I could build with is certain thing. Would you say if you worked at TJ Maxx, what you mean? Tell me the truth. Would you be just okay with someone that just supports? You mean if you worked at TJ Maxx? If I worked at TJ Maxx right now, hold on.


Wait, wait. You're already someone that can be a provider. What you mean? If I worked at TJ Maxx? Ask me the question. What I'm saying is I think it is very easy for successful men. No, what's the say question? It doesn't matter. That question's the question. The question that is it. I'm not asking a question. I before you said that, I said Rich niggas talk like that nigga regularly. Rich. She, she said, she said if you worked at TJ Maxx for maybe the men listening that have just a, the nine to fives, you would need a teammate Jacquees. You would care what? One moment. I I disagree with that too. The question is, if you were not this super breadwinner or this famous person and you were just a regular nine to five worker, would the woman you want, would you also still just want her to be your, your the person that supports you that is there for you?


Or would you wanna a partner? It depends on you position I'm in. If I just got this million dollar plan and I'm like, Hey baby, all I need you to do is ride with me. You ain't gotta do nothing else. I just need a su you just need to support me right now. I got everything else. Then I don't need her for nothing else. And Ed is, that's my point, bro. Like, ed is agreed. So, so, but it's a plan. She said, I just have. And then if I'm a nigga that's just sitting on my ass, you know, working at TJ Maxx, I'm like, shit, I do want a new house, but I don't feel like putting in that more work I am gonna need. Oh, I ain't gonna need somebody as with the work ethic. But you as a man, yeah, it gonna have something to do with a work ethic because a woman is just extra. But then when a woman, when a man do get a woman, it does need to be a team. Just is like my girl. I like to depend on her for certain stuff. You know what I'm saying? I told her, I told her that before we got married.


Like, I'ma Emini here before we got engaged. I'm like, I'm gonna have to lean on you for certain stuff, you know, if I ever need you. You know what I'm saying? You gonna have to be there. I remember it was certain stuff we had to pay for for the baby shower. This one I knew I could marry. Right. We was going over the list. It y'all way over budget of all it, I'm telling, I'm looking at the expenses. So I see some shit for like 1300 and it ain't paid. So I'm like, oh shit. I'm thinking the balloons, but I'm thinking in my head like, I didn't pay for this shit, but I'm thinking, I'm like, okay. I'm like, every babe this shit. She like, oh yeah, I paid for that. I was like, oh damn. Thank you babe. I was like, that was dope. I was like, this the, this the marriage conversation I'm having, but she don't know. I'm like, I'm like, babe, that was dope. She was like, I'm like, see, I'm gonna need you to, I'm gonna need you to be doing that type of stuff. She was like, I only paid for that because I knew you was gonna get back.


I'm like, what you mean? She was like, oh yeah, I'm not paying for nothing else. Right. So that's when I was kind of scared. My heart dropped. Like, fuck. So then I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, man, this baby here. I'm like, nah, look, I ain't going to be working hard for you to just like, I'm not everything in the pot for you to just be pulling out of it. I'm like, just imagine if I put in a pot. You put in a pot and then now we got 10,000 in a pot. We wanna go to the mall. We take our 5,000, we got 5,000 left. You deal what I'm saying? I'm like, you know what I'm saying? You bring 2000 to the pot. I bring 3000 to the pot. We got 5,000 in the pot. You know what I'm saying? She's sitting there listening. I'm like, yeah, just imagine. I gonna make 15. You gonna make 3000? We got 18,000. You deal what I'm saying. We want to take our 8,000, we got 10,000 in the pot.


She like, yeah. I'm like, you know, we we could just play like do it like that. She like, oh yeah, that may sound like, yeah. So I'm gonna be near you. You get what I'm saying? Like, because I can't be out here hustling that hard And I'm making all my money. You just take it from the pot. That's not gonna add up. I ain't, we ain't gonna look in the pot. I ain't gonna have, we ain't gonna have nothing. She like, oh, okay. That, that makes sense. Okay, well, okay. Well you can keep that on there. Oh, you don't gotta gimme that vet. That's why I was like, oh, I can marry. Thank you. I, I I I love that.


Head over to nfl shop.com for the largest collection of officially licensed gear from all your favorite brands. NFL Shop is your ultimate gifting destination for Jerseys t-shirts, headwear and more. Take your game day style to the next level. With the best selection of NFL Gear Anywhere, show off your team pride this holiday season with Styles Fit for the whole family to shop now, go to nfl shop.com.


Wouldn't it be nice if getting what you wanted? Didn't take so much work with Xfinity. Finding what to watch is effortless. Just say movies into your Xfinity Voice remote to see pics from your subscriptions all in one place. Plus find more of what you love and jam out to iHeart Radio's. iHeart Christmas and North Pole Radio hosted by Santa. So you can skip the endless scroll and get right to the good stuff.


Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home, the hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


I wanna play a quick video. We like reactionary, and then after this video and after this conversation, we gonna get into the nasty talk. Let's do it. Okay. But for this one, this still has to do with a little bit of pop culture. Not sure if you saw a couple weeks ago Nick Cannon s that was a guest on the God Show. Shout out to Ray Daniels. Okay. And he Ray Daniels. That's my name. Yeah, that's my name. Oh yeah. Char Ain. The only person that has showed that name. That's good. The Gs G-A-U-D-S. Oh, the God Show. And so he went on there and pretty much spoke about his relationship with Mariah Carey and how he felt as a man in that relationship.


You wanna go ahead and click that, that video. And I want you to listen to what he had to say and then we'll, we'll, we'll respond. I got married in my twenties still. You know what? Emini here to the biggest star in The World. My trajectory was here and then hers, she's already in a different stratosphere. I would lay up at night thinking like, is is this who I am? Am I, yeah. Am I Mariah's man? Yeah. Am I, is that what my life is supposed to be? There's not, but I'm like, ah, this ain't of yourself. And then when you have children, your man shit is like, wait, I can't, I I'm carrying a purse, the diaper bag, you know? Yeah. I'm standing on the corner like, wait, you know, like I, she rocking being all the alpha that she, well, by the way, she deserves it, by the way.


Yeah. I believe she needs a dude like that. Yeah. I'm just not that dude. Her And I never had problems. Yeah. Never argue. Never. Even, even with, even with me struggling in this space. Yeah. She's so understanding and so evolved and lives in her own world. That's the thing. When someone has their own world and you gotta be a participant in that. You know what Emini here, like I'm, I'm I'm main character. It was like muscle atrophy. I'm not being the dude that God put me on this earth to be. The love kept me there. Even, you know, made it work so well. 'cause I was like, oh, you need somebody, you need a support system. You need somebody that don't want you for your money. You need somebody that's sincere. You need somebody that's willing to build a family and raise some, you know, amazing kids together.


And that was my goal. Mm. But then there was just something constantly in me like, ah, I got it, man. When I tell you hated everything about this clip because a and and and also the fact that he left this relationship just to put babies and six other women. That's a whole nother topic. But he was six Emini here, but he has 12. Yeah. He has twins. He has like two sets of twins. He got a whole bunch of, I don't know. He got a lot though. He has some, he got like 12 or nine or 35. I don't fucking know. He got a lot though. There was a few, I would say red flags about this. And I do wanna bring it up to you as someone who is now coming into a relationship as a father, but also with a woman who has her own life.


Right. And you entered her world. Right. There was, did I, so Well, And I wanna talk about it because I do think we all have our own worlds. I think she entered your world in going on tour, And I think you entered her world in facts, in, in the way her family moved. That's true. In the way they celebrate holidays in her dad being on the pedestal that he's on and her name carrying the way they did. I know there was a conversation even about the last name of the baby. Yeah. For a long time. Right? Yeah. So in this, in this thing, he talks about needing to feel alpha needing to be the main character in a relationship. How do you think, what is a healthy way for a man to show up in partnership without feeling like his manhood is attacked when maybe he has to carry the diaper bag.


Maybe he has to play the role of the quote unquote woman. Maybe he has to be more of the submissive. I think that's what Nick Cannon had the biggest problem with being with someone that was Alpha. He mentioned that. How does a man show up being a man while also leaning into his feminine in a relationship or not being the main character all the time. Like the main character in a relationship. I don't really know about that. You know what I'm saying? So I don't really Okay, so you didn't like that? Yeah. I, I just don't know about that. You what I'm saying. I don what'd you take when you watched it? Did you feel like him saying he was insecure? Nah. What I just took from, and Nick, Ken to my nigga, you know, we just talking, I feel like, you know, just from watching that from a man's perspective of like, just by me trying to get married or whatever, I'm just listening.


You know what I'm saying? And I'm just thinking like, okay, Nick seemed like, Nick seemed like, okay, Mariah Carey, like he said, like she already who she is, you know, I'm saying got this woman, she already who she is, you know, he's already who he is. But like he said, he dealing with somebody up here, he's still trying to get up there. You know what I'm saying? So her world is automatically, her system automatically bigger than his system. You know what I'm saying? So it's like he couldn't, he, he, it sounds like he like, man, I ain't all the way where I need to be in life. You know what I'm saying? So do you think it was him projecting his insecurities at the time? Like Emini here? I, I don't know. Like from me listening, it just sound like, damn. He felt like, damn, I got this lady, I'm locking myself down. She already got her millions. I ain't got mine yet. Like, I need to go get my millions.


He, he definitely has them. Now I wanna ask you, is there a difficulty, and let's generalize this, is there a difficulty for men to be with women who are more successful? Who more accomplished than them that you know, even with your friends and, and what conversations are normally had? I don't know. Emini here, shout out to the ladies. You know what I'm saying? I love the women, but I don't think I've ever dated a woman that was more accomplished than me. Oh, that ain't no disrespect. Okay. Women should want a man that's like doing they thing. You know what, Emini here, but I never, women should want a man that is more accomplished than them. No, they should want a man that's, that's accomplishing things, period. But if it just so happened that your man is accomplishing more than you, you shouldn't be jealous or anything. I'm just sitting down saying I've never known.


I've never had that experience. Okay. I've never dated a woman with more than me when I was young. Now I do know how I feel to like somebody and be around somebody with more than me. Like when I was a young nigga, when I was coming in the game, I was around a lot of females. We had to have paper, you know what I'm saying? Like, I used to be around females, like 30,000 in they pocket. I had a thousand. Like I, I know how that feel did, how did that feel? That just felt like I ain't made it. I'm like, damn, shout at them bawling like this how it feel to be. What about, because I think now it's making me wonder when you're around wi men that are more accomplished than you or have more money than you, does that make you your manhood feel? It just depends. It just depends. That's some real shit. You know what I'm saying? Like, it just depends. See, you have to like, you have to get yourself in a, in a state where you don't give a fuck about that.


Like when you are a young nigga, like when you just in this shit, like for real, like you could come around some niggas and you like man, like, you know what I'm saying? Because either your, the who you done been with that made you feel insecure about something or you know, you just don't feel like you ain't where you supposed to be. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like I feel like I ain't never been a hater, you know what I'm saying? So I never hated on what another nigga had. You know what I'm saying? But have I ever felt like it was places I was supposed to be, you know, or wanted to be. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But you know, I think had That's what you're saying though, it's interesting because it kind of shows whether you're, you and Nick can cool how it is fucked up. That when it comes to somebody, you're with a woman, your masculinity is taken by their accomplishments.


Mm. Not me though. Not you. No, based on I what he said, I feel, oh no, I love, I love like, I love like women that's accomplishing things. Like, I remember when I first started dating women that was in the industry, I thought it was, I was fascinated because I was like, wow. Like they like look how these people drink dressing them up. Like they gotta get their makeup. Like yeah, they getting their hair done, somebody doing their hair and they makeup at the same time. Like, these folks, I was like blown away. Like, this shit cool as fuck. Now you being blown away by the hair and makeup door. I was just, I had never seen that shit. Like, I was just a nigga, like coming from like all the camps I was with in the industry, it just been like real camps. So it was never like no females in our camps, you know what I'm saying? And even if it was females in our camps, they weren't getting they makeup and hair done and shit.


Mm. You know what I'm saying? So when I first seen that shit, I was just like, damn, that shit dope. I'll tell you this, watching somebody go through glam, like when, you know, like famous, famous people, you be like, oh shit. Like when a stylist is changing the clothes Yeah. Be and they're not even touching their own bodies. Like, bitch you like, wow. Like especially when you, I was just coming up. Right. You know what I'm saying? So it's like I, but, but just with anything, like even with d I'm happy for it. Like I'm trying to figure out a way to how to get in there to make some more, you know what I'm saying? Can I ask you a question? And, and Ed, if you wanna jump in on this too, and, and Wei you too. I think we, we use this word a lot. Jealousy is a human emotion. Right? Do you feel like it's healthy or natural or wrong to be jealous of your partner?


Wrong. Wrong. Yeah. Okay. Very Even though it, okay. Very, because I know we talk about it in friendship, like what would be an example of being jealous of my partner? You maybe your partner got emotion, your partner makes more money than you. Yeah. That's terrible. That's, you know, what partnership I think's wrong in jealousy. We've been having an in friendship, we've been having this conversation. I think there's a malicious dinner. Jealousy. And then, yeah, for example, let's Just say we sit here and Mandy's like, bitch Basha Nova just about to take me on a trip to Tracy and Caicos, fuck you. I don't not want her to have this, but I'm gonna be a little jealous. I'm not on the beach or a little jealous that I didn't get chosen. But you ain't gotta be a little jealous. You could just be like, oh damn. Like damn, that shit would've been five. I would've came. But you could really have no emotion. But that's the thing that jealousy that I'm talking about for something like this.


Yeah. I think that's a real emotion that can be naturally human. Yeah. Like you would want that, but not at the expense of her losing it. Exactly. I I don't want you to not get it, but I wish I can have. I wish I, yeah, that's it. Like in a, on a peer level, the reason I think romantically it gets tough is because partnership is sharing a bit. And if you can't share in this pleasure that I'm getting, you can't be excited for me because you want this thing too when it gets there. Right. That's, that means tough. Yeah. That's, that's very tough. And that happens in relationships, especially when y'all both do the same thing. You know what I'm saying? Ooh. You know what I'm saying? That's the, that's why I don't want no podcast. Yeah. Like that's, you know, I always used to think about jealousy with Kim and Kanye Emini here. Like when you Yeah, that's, I always thought like you got the biggest of each thing, right?


Yeah. B and j I don't know. I feel like B and J they don't, not E and J. No B and j I'm saying like Beyonce and JD jz. Nah, they don't count. Why? They don't count. They do the same shit. E and J's. Hilarious by the way. But I thought you said e And I was like Yeah, but you know what it is, they're both really the best that they own artistry. Yeah. So I think what Kim and Kanye, it's like Kim's kind of famous for nothing. Not saying she's not a business woman, but it's like she's so fucking famous. Everybody's on her dick. Kanye literally makes art. I hate this nigga, but like literally makes art. You love him. I know. Damn well look at what he did. He done birthed the fucking Mackin. Speaking of birthing shit, you had some baby making sex to become a father.


Yes I did. And I get a baby project. We gotta get into baby making. Come on, we gotta get into it. This is where y'all, if you were ready to hear how nasty and freaky this motherfucker be getting in the bed, he's not on the market y'all. So just sit in your puddles at work. You cannot have this man. But let's talk about baby making. Alright, let's get into it. I I just like to ask this question to all artists before we get into the music. Do you fuck to your own music? Because Yeah, I ain't gonna hold you. Deandre already told me she sneaks you into the playlist and I'm like, bro, why would you do that? Yeah. Why would you sneak your nigga into the playlist that maybe he don't wanna hear himself? She got a song she like from me.


Yeah. What's the song that ends up coming on? It's a song called Always. It is me and my cousin. She love that song. And it's on the, it's on the, it's on the playlist. It's on the playlist. Yeah. But I got yeah, like it play, you feel me? Fucking the dick to the song, to the song that I made. That ain't nothing though. That's fine. That's so you. No, I'm saying you like fucking in your music. Yeah. Emini here. You know, you make it the fuck too Emini here. Yeah. Like it's being put to use the right way. Yeah. That's how you know it's, that's how you know it's lit. Ooh, wait, you telling me when it don't randomly come on. You don't be like, oh shit, what the fuck? No. Emini here. You know, sometimes like, sometimes sometimes you be like, damn, here I go, yo, I'm not lie to you. You know what Emini here I a song. Come on to a nigga, I fuck And I was fucking someone else.


And I was like, Ooh, okay. Now wait, I do. Oh, you heard a nigga? Oh. Ooh. Oh man. I, I do, I do have a question because I know you was work like, And I don't know how long you've been working on this project, but you know how they be talking about there ain't no baby making music now happening and the r and b niggas is just toxic and they not making it to where you wanna fucking love anymore. So is there a time where you go into the studio, you record a song and then you, you put it to the test in the bedroom to see if it, if it hits like it should in the bedroom? Yeah. I think this baby making project for real got put to some, put it, you not put it. Yeah. So wait, you, you tested it out in the bedroom already?


Just say, yeah, she loved this project. Okay. Yeah. She love this one. Aw. And so what can, what can we expect from it? And I do also, you know what, it's one of them like, it, it's one of them. It's, it's like if you talking sex, like with your, with your partner with this album, we about to have a baby boom in 2025. Like, 'cause you can go for the ride. You know what I'm saying? It is like, it can go for the ride. Like you can go, you got your shit. Like it gonna start off how you want it to. Like that's just a like honestly if you like, I think this me, this just me. Right. If I'm, if I'm doing this shit, I'm gonna already be in it before I press play. Okay. Because the first song touchdown, I'm not, I'm gonna be honest with you what I'm saying, it kind makes me wanna play it and have a plan B right there. Not a plan B on side of the Yeah.


But you to be already like have it on your tongue, on your, you know what? Can, can I ask you a question in terms of you, you got baby making, right? I wanna ask you what is the difference between good sex and love making? Or do you feel like there's a difference? I know that that's a real question. I know we talked about our, our good engineer wolf. He don't even like eye contact. So I don't think he's ever made love. Yeah. But I'm curious, is that true wolf? Have you never made love before? Have you ever made love wolf? You ain't never looked that one on twin? I never, he never looked that one up. So what is the difference to you between just a good round of sex and actually making love to somebody?


I think like sex is like, that shit could just like feel good. You know what I'm saying? Like, sex just feel good, you know what I'm saying? And then after you nut it's like fuck it. Like fuck you, fuck you way too hard. Like you what I'm saying? Because I get it. You what I'm saying? We get that too though. It's like, yeah. So, but it's like when you making love, it's like damn love. You. You know what I'm saying? You might roll over, you sit in it like, yeah, I can't wait to get my smoothie in the morning with you. Like you ever just got done and looked in the sky like, damn we did that. That's I be fool. I never be like, don't you looking at the sky Then I always get something to eat.


Honey, you want something to eat? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Yo, I don know why feeding the dude after we fucked and it's specific to love bacon. It'd be like the extra little layer is, is that intimate? Do you, do you want fruit from somebody? You just fucked. You see the stomach Emini here? Yeah. It's like Emini here. Yeah, for sure. It's like you gotta have the food. You feel me? The food just a part of it. You either gonna eat before or after. Okay. You get what I'm saying? You gotta have the food. It's a part of it before or after. See what I'm saying? You gonna get a wet rag warm bro. You know, it's my favorite thing after you get, after you got good session and a nigga just be like, ugh. Like they can't move. I love when a nigga can't move. I, I love seeing a little weakness.


I'm not saying I I'm a dog or anything, but I love when I just see a limp body And I say, you like a nigga to go to sleep. I, I just wanna know that like, I know I want a nigga to say his knees is out. Yeah. Like, damn, I want a nigga, he can't walk. He, he get off the bed and he almost stumble. 'cause he don't know how, how to work his leg. Oh yeah. Like I, that's my ego. Like I need that. I like, oh yeah, I don dunno if I could put a, a picture of my ass on Instagram and get a million likes or that that's, it's the same feeling. No. When, when, when, when a nigga like smiles after sex, I feel empowered. Yeah. What, what does that for, for men? What can a woman do? The smile that makes you know, you just did joke. Don't ask her. Did you come babe? No. No words. What actions happened to let you know? You just laid it down for a man.


Yes. She can't move. She can't. Yeah. It's like somewhere maybe the AC was off And I Nah, nah, it's like either, I think either, I think either she like go to sleep. You know what I'm, or she like, you know when she like look at you and then like, look in the gate. Yeah. Yeah. You know what Emini here like it one of them look at you. It it's them. Right. You know, I, I start crying. What you do? You cry. You cry. Oh my God. I, but then literally, if this you be crying and shit, like, man, get your shit man. Get up going, you cry.


So I come out though, it's not even super emotional. It's just like this crazy, I came so hard the first time I cried with a dude that I wasn't like close to anything like that in the middle of crying. And I was like, it's not you, it's just a release. I don like, you know what? I need scientific. I need to get, I, I think I need to lean into my feminine because I be like, you ain't never cried. Bitch. Bitch, I be I when it's done. This is how I ain't shit. I be like, you did that. You did that. You like you. Yeah. That's why you, that's why you cusing out by that. I gotta be a little bit more bitter. I'll be like, nigga, you, you did that all I cried And I cried in that threesome.


Y'all, they don't know it. Because I was like, I can't cry in front this whole, we just met, but I can't, it was so hard. I started crying. I, And I, you And I tried to do one of these with the hair so they didn't see the tears. I was like, ooh, I gave a nigga a high five one time. Like, well that was it. See you a gangster. Like, no, I'm working on it. I need to, I need to be a, i I maybe I gotta get, you know what he eye drops, but you see he said gangster. You said what? I the text that you was sharing on the tour where he said gayness dick in your mouth. Oh yeah. No, no, no, no. Because so last tour. Hold on. What tour was you on? Okay, hold on. So, so last, you know we do our podcast tour last, last year. Last year we were on tour and we decided to share text messages with what our booty calls look like. Right.


And my booty call, I, I text this nigga like, where you at? And he was like, or it was like, I said, what's up? And he said, what's up gang? And I was like, come gang, that dick in my mouth. Yeah. That's kind of how we talked and that was how we set it up. And I don't, we set it up. I don I don't see the role. That's your lingo. I, you feel me? Emini here. That's your, that's how you coming. That's the, your niggas know. Right. Fuck you. Right. Maybe I could be more feminine and get these niggas be like, but then your niggas ain't gonna, y'all gonna lose y'all funness. That's y'all thing. Okay. I like that. Do you have love making moments? Don't do this. I'm serious bitch. I make love. I did in my last relationship, we made love.


We cried one time together, but we were on shrooms so I don't know if that helped. I used to cry all the time. Wait, when I first got with Deandre, wait, you cried. I'd just be outta town some shit. I probably just think about shit. No. Have you ever cried? I was trying to say how much she loved me too. Have you ever cried during Wait, wait, you manipulate, you were doing a little fake time. I I was just trying to say I fake The injury and everything one time. Oh my god. Wait, it's like us with pregnancy. Hold on, hold on. You know, you know I'm triggered. A nigga sent me an old picture in the hospital. So what you mean you, you faked the injury? I had a wheelchair and everything. Nope, they had the folk pushing me and everything. Wait, wait, wait. Then I just hopped out the wheelchair like man that ain't hurt. I just wanna see how much you love Elaine. Oh girl.


Hey problem. Don't test me. You really in love. Don't test me. I'll telling you the truth. What is wrong with you? You know what, when you get in love like that, you start doing dumb shit. Well I might have to cut this. You know what me and my nigga did the other day? Oh. What? No, keep it in. We not edited that. He wasn't answering the phone. Right. And I was like, oh my god. Answer the phone. Da. He was like, damn barrel was on the toilet. I was like, I don, I wanna be in there with you. Oh. I wanna be in there with you and you shitting girls do that. I wanna see it. Girls like that. You wanna be in the bathroom while he Shit. But I was that when they really into you forever take the FaceTime, put it down. I wanna see it. Wait, wait you wanted to, you asked him and you wanted to be in the bathroom while he was taking shit. Man, girls, we wanna do some crazy shit Emini here. Calm down. Calm down. He be doing the same shit now. Bitch. I lock the door. He be like, Uhuh, Emini here. I don wanna see that, wanna see the into the toilet.


I'm fucking crazy. I'm in love with this nigga. Okay. You know why I don't wanna see that because I really Oh you love bro. I eat ass. I don't want to be in the bathroom. You, you should see me on my period and smell your shit. I actually wanna believe you never, shit. I can't believe I'm here. I I cannot wait to get past this face. I ass way too much to want to see you on the toilet. Like, I wanna know everything. I don't even wanna, I don wanna, I don't even wanna imagine that a nigga sit on the seat. I know that you used the bathroom standing up. Sir. I wanna keep that in my mind dog. I'm gonna be honest with you. My love ain't gone too far. It went too far. Like literally you about ready to be two girls, one cook, bro.


We don't, we was talking about doing some shit under the full moon. I was like, let's cut our hands and do some blood brother shit. Oh hell nah. Y'all on some white boy shit. No, I'm in love. He got y'all hands and shit. People shit. Nah, see I got a different type of dread. Yeah, he, he the wolf type, he the type nigga, you know what I'm saying? He like a hotel. He wants some fast in the morning, only eat raw fruits and shit. So he already on that fucking crazy ass. Like you really connect with people when they're that spiritual. If you feeling like they don't have a limit. Like what we gonna do next? Yes. Let's talk to yay Myah. Like who, who's out there soon. Y'all gonna be spearing each other's shit on each other like symbol. Wow. What That shit crossed once we peed. Once I peed and the whole like once we did the pee, then I knew oh yeah, this what's the pee? Oh, you don't know that she peed on him.


Oh, you peed on West side or he peed on you each other. And what that mean? I just felt like I marked my territory. Like that's my nigga. I, we just could look. He did like, yeah, like drenched her bro. Like drenched her. Like for real. Yeah, we were in Tulum doesn't count. No. Whoa. Because we were in another country. It don't, oh no I did it during that Vegas trip. We bru like, hold on, I got a B You know what's crazy? I used to think this was some white, I thought it was crazy. But then I was like, oh no, you really gotta love a nigga. So what is how you do it? Like so we, we was in, I be asking questions like this too. We was in Vegas, we went to the porn awards. We were up for a podcast award. Yeah. We drunk, we went to Jeezy with Mandy, whatever. Ah, I'm in a bathtub. Don't turn into don't do the whoop woo, just bathtub.


He ain't about to go to the bathroom. I was like, wait, wait, wait. Because you was in the tub. You like, let do it on me. Emini here, eat feet on your face too. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Lemme tell you what made me mad. So the first time right, it was just the chest, but for some reason 'cause I asked for it again for some reason he was like, no, no hope your mouth, that's the hold on. But you gonna kiss me. Oh, you disgusted. Oh you are. I didn't do it. Turned I, I, I, I, not me, I'm celibate. I don't even have sex. I'm not ready to drink the beer. For real boy sir. No, no liquor and no sex. For real. What the fuck happened to you? For real? What? I'm going for 90 days. Okay. Just laughing. Mandy was like, yo, this shit ain't funny.


But that was really funny. I'm working through some shit because you know what, we all do this. Fuck these niggas. Every time I meet somebody that tells me they haven't been drinking for four years, I'm like, did kill somebody. You know, just going through sobriety and run. That's beautiful though. It's, thank you. It's, it's, it's tough but you know, I feel it. I'm getting through it. How, back to the album, what is your favorite album? Yeah, back to the album. On the album. Oh, my favorite Pee Love and Not Pee You Crazy. Pee Love is not on the album, by the way. My favorite song probably honestly to be real. Probably Middle of the Night and Sex Like this. Ooh. Middle.


Like this sound good. Look, I'm like middle of the night Now. We both went with the Disney, but I really love all of 'em. It's like tomorrow I'm might have some more favorites. It is The One of them type album. Deandre said her favorite was Drip. Okay, now I know. I like to be able to think of what things are about. I assume it's about the dripping of a pussy. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. The whole song. It's like she got that drip, not the p drip. It's like when they, it's not the p it's like, it's like when they asked me why I fuck with you, I said, it is what it is. She got that drip. Was the pregnancy drip Crazy? Crazy? Yeah. It's like super crazy now. It's extra crazy. Like, it's like, I thought it was crazy. Now it's crazy after didn't know make it better. Oh, so you ain't got, you ain't got no kids.


Neither of us do. Oh man, y'all gotta go hair one that y Whoa, whoa. Yeah, I'm gonna be honest with you. I like my pus. I started taking green from my hair. It'll be different. I wanted my hair to grow. My pussy was so crazy And I literally thought I'm gonna get pregnant if I keep this up. Yeah, bro. It was like I was peeing on. It was crazy. Nope. So what your man say, he ain't get you pregnant, bro. We had to, we had to, we had to, we had to take a calm down. We have a tour coming here, sir. Jesus Christ, baby. We have work to do. Kids. No, we're, we're planning on kid, like play this album. You gonna be, you gonna get pregnant? Nope. I'm now gonna ban it from her home. That's no, don't ban it. Okay. You ain't gonna get pregnant. Well, do you know Mandy met my nigga. We all got drunk. We had a good time. We went out And I said, nigga, I could hear her telling him I was, no, I'm glad shit, but me and his bitch got on And I ain't gonna, this whole pregnant, our family planning.


Okay. I don, but you lucky. Fibroid shrinking slow. We, we got shit going on. Real talk. Don't take her out. You wanna get pregnant though? I see it in your eye. No, I'm gonna tell you why. The other day we was out, we was dancing. We was out till four in the morning. We was having fun. We love going out to like, I'm a piano shit and like Afrobeat parties, y'all are different. I fuck with y'all. Y'all like, we love a dance party disco party. Like I, he loves soul train type shit. We y'all like soulmates. I oh yeah, yeah. Y'all peeing on each other and shit. Y'all are crazy. No, we woke up and he was like, bro, like imagine if we had a baby right now. Who wants to do that? Because it hit like, yo, I just had a bad day. We ended up, you know, it's New York shit though.


Five in the morning. He was like, I don't know. We was saying two years, maybe three. And I think there's a lot of things that get scary for, so y'all, y'all use a condom every time y'all fuck. No, I'm on birth control. Boring. Do I not look like a cream white girl? You on birth control. You gotta get off of that. What, what are your thoughts? Boring. Wait, what are your thoughts on birth control? I think y'all should have a baby. No, no, no, no. Come down. Do you, do you fly, do you have general thoughts on women being on birth control? Nah, I just like heard it got like it could, there's there's a lot of bad side effects. Yeah. Like, you know what I'm saying? It's like now it's like, alright, everybody grown. Like just tell your boy pull out. Yeah. No, we're grown. The pullout method does not work. That shit works. Did you just hear this L nigga, everybody grown.


Pull out. My God. The pullout method does go. I said if, if, if you with your man now when you got that drip, Charlie got that buddy bro. Lemme tell you, when we were in Atlanta for the Black Effect show, I wasn't on birth control. Right. He didn't pull out and he literally, after he came still inside of me, I said, are you about to, are you telling me you? He's like, I'm so sorry. I know you don't wanna hear this, but that shit looks so good. And I'm like, nah, I gotta be on motherfucking plan B. No. After that, that was when birth control started. Because you like, I ain't having no baby. You know what it is? It's the anxiety of not being able to plan. I would love to have children with this person, but at the end of you should plan it.


Yeah. I really wanna plan it Emini here if you can. I know that it's not, I was about to say if, if you're dealing with a nigga who believes the pullout method, right? Yeah. Not really. Yeah. Yeah. We see how that baby happens. Emini here. Your pullout. I wasn't pulling out though. Oh. Oh. Like that's the thing about it. All right. Like some niggas just know like, yeah, I'm not pulling out. That was me just, oh yeah. Like and clearly you're swimmer or swim. My niggas get up through there. You know what, I've always wanted to ask somebody in this podcast, not you. I've always wanted to ask a man, just like a whole ass figure to come on. Like, how many abortions have you had? Oh, dang it. It's such a hard question to ask somebody. Like we don't ask women that, but like Emini here, but a man never had abortion.


But you know, fuck off Frank. How many you paid for? A man never had abortion. I, a homeboy told me he paid for 11. Wow. Whoa. Dad's. That's crazy. Nasty. Yep. And you know what? He looked good and he rich And I bet every bitch be waiting on it. He was like, yo, I be at the dough. He's like, I literally, he's like, I be with You need to strap up though. No, that's Iris nigga be bro niggas, a lot of men have entitlement and they don't care about that Emini here. But he shouldn't be nothing in him knowing that he don't want a baby. Yeah, I agree. Ooh. It's like, it's like he putting her through unnecessary The ringer. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Hello. Yeah. It's like, nigga, you know the internet gonna like you. Yeah. It's like why the fuck you busting at a fool? You know what? I really appreciate you saying this because the selfishness of men being so detached from a pregnancy.


Yeah, it exists. Yeah. But it's like why blessing her? Bro, if you don't want a kid that don't make sense, you know the consequences. That's the dumbest shit ever. Hello Nick. Sorry. No. He want them 15 kids that came from her. Not you. Hey, all of our opinions are ones of our own. No what not. I'm actually, I'm not even gonna say Nick Cannon. He does seem like he was intentionally having a bunch of kids. Who's the little young nigga that got 25 kids and he's still 22 or something. Jeez. Young boy. Who might be going to jail. NBA young boy. Is that it? And Dirk, free young boy. Sorry. And Dirk. Wait, is it free? Everybody? Dirk got 12. He said free everybody. But he got a lot of kids. Both of 'em. Got a lot of kids. No, I know. One Of'em got it. Like 10 at 22. Young Boy has, yeah, 11 at 23.


Damn. YB got little kid. Little bro. He just welcome. Yeah. 11. He just welcomed the new one, right? Well in 2023, he welcome The One that's Oh sorry. Oh yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. 12. Hold on. Wait, is this the dude that be like, I don't wanna fuck me too. That's one that's, that's a chap boy. I'm sorry. I don Dunno. The young niggas. You don't know NBA young boy. Well my little, sometimes I get confused with the n chop of the young boy. Then the other ones, yeah, little letters. It's a lot. It's a lot. But I, I know the difference. Hold on. 11, he, sorry. When do 12? He 12. He's only 20. Gotta make it even. How how do you, 24. You think he knows all their names? Emini here. He just had one with Mayweather daughter. Oh yeah, that's right.


Now you know who we talking about. Anyways, baby Macon out. Now where can everybody listen by the way, I would like to say too, when we have artists, if you really wanna support your artists, make sure you purchase, not just stream. So you could go into the app store. How much is it? 9 99. 10 99. 1299 I think like 9 99. 9 99. Baby, y'all pay that shit for Netflix and y'all don't even like all the shows on that bitch. If you wanna support artists, make sure you drop that 10, that 9 99 in the app store. Well let's, let's, let's Just say it costs $50 with the plan B. And, and, and you can go to the store and buy this album too on November 15th. It'll be in the stores. Okay, so so you go buy a physical cap?


It's out now. Oh, nice. It's out now. It's out now. November 15th. Y'all can go get it in the stores baby making. Wait for real. I'm not even trying to be funny. Yeah. Wait, where, where do people go buy albums now? Like at your, at Target, Walmart. Well, I'm not sure. Got where they putting it in. Look. Yeah, you just look it up online. You can find it. Is it like a vinyl for fun? Yo? Nah, but I ain't gonna lie. At your local stores that sell like CDs or probably like selected like Walmarts and Targets. You can get it like no kids. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna buy this album, but where are we gonna put what you mean we gonna play? Oh wait, whatcha gonna play? What do you play a CD in now? I got, well I ain't gonna lie. I took, I changed my seat. My, my cars, I had, I had a car with a CD player. I changed. That's what I'm played. Where do we a CD now? I played in the crib.


What car did you have with a CD player? In my, you gotta think my Lambo when I first got it, that was a two five. Oh, I know that classic. Go ahead. Put Dick. My Lambo. My Lambo. It was all Don't gosa. Let everyone know where they could follow you, support you. Y'all baby Macon is out. It stole now. Yes, it's out. Y'all could follow me at Jacquess if you haven't already. J-A-C-Q-U-E-E-S at Jacquess. That's on everything. Love y'all. Y'all know what it is. Hey, y'all already know if you wanna support us and hear more who Stories, make sure you go to Patreon. That's patreon.com. Horrible decision. I'll tell you the Plan B story and yeah, y'all make sure y'all have a good one and we'll see y'all next week.


Same time baby,


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta Ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


Wouldn't it be nice if getting what you wanted? Didn't take so much work with Xfinity? Finding what to watch is effortless. Just say movies into your Xfinity Voice remote to see picks from your subscriptions all in one place. Plus find more of what you love and jam out to iHeart Radio's. iHeart Christmas and North Pole Radio hosted by Santa so you can skip the endless scroll and get right to the good stuff.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms.