
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did you Hear that exclusive? Dunno if you don't lie about that. Right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all, it's Lauren the Rosa, and welcome back for another episode of the Latest with Lauren La Rosa. I'm host Lauren La Rosa saying that three times. It's crazy, all in a row, but this is your daily dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, exclusive news in the conversations that shake the room baby. So we are back with another episode and y'all know we do the behind the scenes of the grind, checkin Back on the grind.


And today I am feeling energized and organized, which is a great thing because there's been a lot going on as far as like things I'm taking on, things I'm not taking on and just, you know, setting schedules around and I'm learning a lot more about that, but I think I gotta down pack y'all, you know, it's, it's a new space, new levels, new devils. But yesterday I figured out, and we have an announcement here on the podcast, that, you know, I need to do more of like a scheduled popping to court because I also wanna make sure that I'm present at The Breakfast Club and I'm present and available here for you guys at the podcast. So we figured out all these things and within figuring that out, I can now officially announce that we'll also be doing an exclusive report with NBC New York here in New York at 30 Rock, which is so exciting every Friday when I leave court.


So I'll be in court throughout the week, but every Friday you guys will get to see me on NBC with here in New York, in addition to hearing me on the podcast. And in addition to hearing me on The Breakfast Club. So shout out to me for, you know, getting my logistics together 'cause baby girl been moving and grooving and it's just important because I wanna make sure that as I'm burning my candle at all these ends, nothing suffering, which is not always possible. But balance is important. Now, up first in the latest rapper, sto, you guys will know him from the song Whip. Nene got sentenced to 30 years in prison after he pled guilty to the killing of his cousin.


Now this shooting happened back in 2021 and, and this is just a little bit background on the story before we talk about the sentencing. So back in 2021, cyto UHS cousin was found on the scene of a shooting. There were multiple gunshot wounds. There were, you know, a ton of bullet casings found at the scene as well too. But then police found surveillance footage that later showed cyto leaving the area. He was in a white BMW. So eventually investigators were able to use the ballistics, those shell casings that were left at the scene and a gun that they found in Santo's possession to link him to the shooting of his cousin who died from the shooting.


Now, 10 days later after this was, you know, all this happened and he was linked to it and you know, he was taken into custody. Cyto eventually confessed to a slang. But he said that a lot of what happened was because of a mental health crisis that he had suffered from since he was a child. And, and it was reported that in 2020 he tried to take his own life. But despite, you know, claiming the mental health crisis and all of the things, there was a judge yesterday that still thought that 30 years behind bars was the proper punishment. So it was a Decap County district attorney who announced that cyto 27 years old, had pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter, aggravated assault in possession of a firearm during a commission of a crime, as well as concealing the death of another, which is his cousin Frederick Rooks iii.


So I received exclusively a statement from STO via his rep and a statement from his rep about the incident. And what his rep told me was that she had spoken directly with Sto and that he would like to extend his heartfelt gratitude to everyone who has reached out with prayers, words of encouragement and support during this incredibly difficult time. Now, according to this statement and what I was told, cyto really wants his family, his fans, and his supporters to know that he's deeply sorry for the pain and the disappointment that he has caused. Now this part of the statement comes directly from Cyto. He says, I will continue to make music and work on becoming the best possible version of myself.


I can't reverse time, but I can serve the time I've been given lawfully and strive to positively contribute to whatever my new environment may be. I entered this industry as a teenager, often without proper guidance or direction. While that is not an excuse, it is a part of my truth. I pray for growth, evolution and the ability to find forgiveness for myself and for my entire situation. God bless y'all. Now, you know, one of the things that the rep told me was that they wanted this statement to mark a step toward healing and much needed closure for everybody that was infected. And they're asking that the public continue to pray for all parties involved, including STO as he continues to, you know, deal with this and now having to serve this time and the severe mental health challenges that he deals with.


Now when I posted this story to my ex account, I'm Lauren La Rosa everywhere and to my Instagram, a lot of you guys were commenting. So, you know, this kind of takes us outside into the streets in the tweets. You for the tweets. We outside, we outside, we outside every other page are gold because a lot of you guys had opinions on this. Somebody commented via my Instagram, Lauren la Rosa, and said, focus on your sentence King. We're good on the music right now. People were commenting with a lot of the same sentiments of prayers for both sides of the family because they're, you know, it's two lives lost. There were some people who didn't feel bad for him. Somebody said, you know, he, so he did this to his cousin and we're supposed to feel bad for him.


And another person commented, I thought that this was interesting. I'm stuck explaining these crimes to my kid. These artists need to get it together. When you get fame in a few dollars, get the help you really need to get situated to get situated. There are people looking up to you. Now y'all something like this is, is, is is such a er an unfortunate series of events because you know, taking someone's life you have to do the time for that. Like I don't think that there is too much empathy, you know, that has given, or not even empathy, but I don't think that anyone's debating that. Like I didn't see too much conversation about like, wow, 30 years or anything like that because there is a person who now is not living and breathing because of the decisions that were made.


But a lot of people felt like Lento is so young and he's going through these mental health issues. It's just sad to see because he had a, a whole career ahead of him and now he, his life is gone. He's spending the rest of his life behind bars. So weigh in, let me know how you guys feel, what you think on either side of this. Are you sending, you know, any empathy towards Lento because of the mental health illness that he deals with? I know they brought up his team, brought up the fact that he was young and navigating the industry and different things by himself most of the time. Or is it just a simple thing of it? It is sad to see on both sides, but you do the crime, you gotta do the time. We wanna hear from y'all so let me know and y'all don't hold back online.


So, you know, don't hold back in response to me. We wanna know how you guys feel He here at the latest with Lauren la Now in other news, 'cause y'all know I love taking y'all to court. Love to take y'all to court. Yesterday we talked very, very, very briefly about Diddy and what's been happening on the stand. I'm actually running late, but on my way to court right now, not, well, not right now. 'cause y'all know, sometimes I'll even do the podcast in the back of an Uber because I gotta make sure y'all get the episodes. But after I wrap this podcast, I will be headed to court. Jane Doe is still on the stand. She's going, you know, through her cross-examination, which is where Diddy's team continues to ask her questions.


And again, the government is painting this whole picture of trafficking and coercion through her testimony saying that like, you know, alleging that she was under pressure because she was so in love and you know, Diddy was and still is up until now paying, you know, for things financially for her. But on the other end, Diddy's team is painting the picture that this woman was, you know, just a scorned, you know, allegedly a scorned woman who resented Diddy because she was in love and didn't get what she wanted. And that's what we're witnessing and seeing in this testimony. Now, there has been some points made right on both sides. So on the government side, you know, they, they had Jane testify about a time where things got physical with her and Diddy, even though they alleged that she slammed his head into a marble counter.


But what the, what they tried to do was they tried to show, you know, an exchange basically what their physical exchange was to show that there was some physical, like there was a physical angle as far as a reaction or retaliation if you wanna say an alleged retaliation when it came to this relationship. Like it wasn't all just emotional and feelings and jealousy. There were physical elements, which is, you know, what the government has been painting through a lot of their testimonies when it comes to Diddy. So this is no different in that, in that matter. And that physical incident that they talked about or that they alleged, they alleged happened after Diddy went on a trip to Utah with his family, he came back from Utah and allegedly Jane Doe was upset because she thought that he was on a trip with a another woman and she alleged then the other woman was really young, so she called Diddy a pedophile allegedly, and things just escalated from there and turned physical with both of them being physical with each other.


But they showed, you know, photos of a door being kicked in because she alleged that Diddy kicked multiple doors in her house in and drug her around the house by her hair allegedly and, and punched her over and over. They alleged all of the things following her, slamming his head into a marble counter allegedly. But they also, again are still talking a lot about the freak off. And one of the things that they pointed out with the free off was that, you know, the government is saying she did not wanna do the or legend, she didn't wanna do these freak off and she was co she was coerced to do so because of her love and because of, you know, she felt like she had to play her role in order to keep up her lifestyle and because she loved her partner allegedly, right?


But Diddy's team is saying, but you enjoyed the freak off. That's what they're alleging and that you use these freak off allegedly because you, you, yes, you love this man and you still love him to this day allegedly, right? But you use them to be in power or control of your own. And they brought in a conversation that Jane had with Diddy after she saw that he was on a Valentine's Day trip with Young Miami. And you know, in testimony it came out that after she saw this, right, she shot over these, you know, she, she, she hit him up and she's like, yo, she dangled a freak off in front of him and when she dangled the freak off, he ended the trip early and came back her way and the trip was with Young Miami.


And, and that was, this has been a consistent point of both sides of the testimony, both the government and Diddy's team. They're just using it for different reasons to point out different things. But it has been very consistent with this Jane Doe that she would see him with other women and be jealous because she wanted more to their relationship that she never got, including when she, you know, saw the alleged or when she saw the Cassie beating video. And she says that she was with him the day did that release, and then she alleged she didn't see him for like a month after that. And then that's when that physical altercation went down in Utah. But there's also conversations on the stand, like audios that they're playing of, you know, once everything dropped with Cassie, him reaching out to Jane Doe and having to ask her like, yo, I need your support right now.


I need your friendship. And, and in these audio recordings you hear him say, are you recording me? He's also like not really trying to talk. So he knew things were about to get real and she's just like, she's hurt, she's hurt to again, you know, have to see him with another woman in any instance. But she also keeps going back to she didn't wanna do the free calls, right? She's not, the, the conversation is so like, you gotta read in between the lines because Diddy isn't isn't really letting her talk freely because he keeps saying, I shouldn't even be talking on these phones. He even goes as far as to say when you need me, call K K's phone, who is, you know, the woman that we have has been referred to so much in this case because she was working so closely with him, but he says clearly on this audio, like, you even brought me a videotape on my birthday to tape the things that we were doing.


I thought you enjoyed the nights and you know, he, she's trying to point at and get to this was consensual. And she's like, you know, I've been crying for days and you might feel that way, but I really don't like, it's the, that it's that conversation where, you know, she's having to tell him, you know, you look at things one way, I look at things a different way, but I think with this, it's with her testimony, the biggest thing is going to be how does the jury already feel about Diddy? Because if the jury already hates him or despises him or feels sorry, they feel about him negatively because of all the other testimony, all of the other things, her testimony is only gonna add to the that like, we, we don't like this man, we don't believe that, you know, this was a scorned woman who was just in love.


We believe that this horrible person in their eyes, right? This, this electable person did these things and manipulated and took over this woman. Now if the, if Diddy's team is doing their job, the jury will look at it the other way and they'll say, wait, so she was enjoying these allegedly, right? Like to the point where they brought up one conversation she was having where, you know, she, she, she referred to one of the, like the, the escorts that they used to do the free calls with. She referred to her Diddy and him as like the trifecta like Kobe, Michael, Jordan and Shaq. The escort was Shaq, Diddy was Michael Jordan and she was Kobe. They even talk about at one point how she went out and brought matching shorts for them to, to wear during run of the free calls.


But again, the government is gonna bring this in and have a conversation about it a little bit differently because the government is like, okay, well you might have done that. But you know, they allowed her to say, I was just playing my role doing what I had to do to get by. I didn't wanna do 'em. Diddy's team is gonna come right back in and say no you, that shows you had power, that shows you had control in this, that shows you had an option that shows you wanted these things to happen and you had influence over him because you knew that these sexual exploitations that he liked to do was just that and you used it to your benefit. So we'll have to see how this whole thing plays out. Emini here we are coming to the end. Yesterday in court it was announced that the government will rest their case by the end of next week. So either Wednesday, likely Friday they will rest their case and then Diddy's team will have until right up before, right up until July 4th to present their case and bring witnesses on the stand.


The biggest question here is, will Diddy take the stand? It has not been said in def indefinitely that he will not, I think it's unlikely that he will, but I'm trying to figure out who will Diddy's witnesses be like, what will be powerful enough to turn the other coin on so many of the things that we've heard and seen up until this point. So I'm headed to court y'all. I will be bringing y'all the latest as always and we'll have some bonus content for you guys as well too, as I'm making my court videos and just different things I love hearing from you guys. Please make sure you're tweeting me at Lauren la Rosa, you're reposting the podcast on Instagram at lauren la and leave a review wherever you're listening to this podcast. Leave a review, give us some stars, give me your honest feedback on the podcast.


I went and looked through the reviews yesterday And I hear y'all, I'm, I'm listening and we shaping and we learning together. We're along this brown girl grinding journey in guy brown girl, brown guy, the people, the low riders we're, we're along this low rider journey together. The podcast is my first baby and you guys have been all welcomed to all the birthday parties and the holidays. That's what this is giving. So thank you guys for tuning in all 1 million plus of y'all. I'm Lauren LA and at the end of the day there's always a lot to talk about and y'all could be anywhere with anyone talking about it. I appreciate you guys being right here with me. I will see you guys in my next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.