
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Take a deep breath in through your nose, hold it now. Release slowly. Again, deep inhale, hold. Release repeating internally to yourself as you connect to my voice.


I am deeply, Deeply Well. I am Deeply Well. I am Deeply well. Well I'm Devi Brown and this is the Deeply Well podcast. Welcome to Deeply Well, a soft place to land on your journey.


A podcast for those that are curious, creative, and ready to expand in higher consciousness and self-care. This is where we heal, this is where we transcend. I'm Devi Brown. Welcome back to the show. All month long we have been exploring a lot around regulation, supporting your needs and being able to really see what is your energy and what is someone else's. We've been diving into rituals and practices. We've had some special conversations with beautiful guests like my friends David Elliot and Vish Chatterjee. And now it is time to think ahead.


So we're gearing up to hop into this new year 2025. Right? And I saw this meme that really made me laugh And I'm gonna like butcher it a little bit, but it was so funny. It said, I guess y'all have learned your lesson. I haven't heard nobody talking about 2025 is my year. When I read that, I started dying laughing. You know, it's like I think back, I remember when 2020 launched, right? And just like 2020 is kind of iconic numbering and, but it was before the pandemic was announced And I remember everybody was like 2020 vision, you know, like this my year. And I think like the meme of the time was like the illustrated girl walking up steps with like all these bags on her shoulders and stepping on boxes that had little names.


And you know, it's watching kind of the settling in over the last few years I think has actually been really beautiful because sometimes we can put really performative expectations on this container of right now this, this bridge to the the unknown, this bridge to the future. And so it's really interesting to even be in this space now, I think for so many. And to see that meme. And it's really not about you predicting wild success or wild change in circumstance, right? It's not about kind of having to pump yourself up for how much bigger you can be or how much different it can be.


I've never really personally connected with that. I think I'm just, I'm, that's not my style of communication anyway about things. But especially at the time of the new year, you know, this idea of like this my year, watch what happens, you know, it's like it's sweet. I like the motivation of that, but at the same time, I've always felt that there was something that rang a little hollow about it. And there was something that felt almost like it created a limit. Like it had so much expectation to it that it also provided some level of limitation because there wasn't space for God.


There wasn't space even for maybe the unknown or the unrealized. And so that's just something I was thinking about as I saw that meme that, you know, that's funny. That is actually quite beautiful to me, to create space for what you don't know. And that's the piece that a lot of people I observe miss on the journey right? There is this idea that you're gonna go on a journey with yourself and you also already see the end result and the kind of person it's gonna make you. And sometimes visualizations can be really powerful for that. Like if you've had a lot of pain, you can sit in a visualization and say like, I am imagining and I'm summing forward this person, this feeling of having a different experience.


But sometimes we use that kind of futuristic vision to actually be a tool of avoidance than a tool of restriction. It gets us out of the present, it gets us out of the work, and it turns it a little bit more into performance, right? But when we're doing work or when we are creating our dreams, we also wanna be in our bodies as that's happening. Like that's what makes it real. That's what makes it your human lived experience. That's what gives it deeper meaning, right? It becomes those core memories, those testimonies, those lessons that embodied wisdom. And so when we're thinking about this new year, I really wanna call forward in general before the new year even gets here, an opportunity to maybe look at it in a couple of different ways.


How you may wanna go about walking into this next year. For those that are connected to human design too, I am a non-specific manifester, so my design under that system means that I do a lot better to not ask for specific things. I know sometimes on vision boards it's like be a specific blue car, this exact amount of money, this, that, that right red dress, this man, that girl, this job, that title. A lot of times, and that may be your style, depending on your human design, you may be a specific manifester, I don't know.


But I do find that that level of specificity leaves God out and it leaves the room for miraculous energy completely out of things, right? Because it's still such a level of control that is a hundred percent wrapped around your understanding of your self in this exact moment. Your ego in this exact moment, your wants and needs and desires in this exact specific moment. And so if you are on a journey, right, or if you are calling forward a life that you just don't know really well yet that you're kind of desiring and needing and wanting to feel, I found that it can actually be a lot more helpful and supportive to create some space around what these goals and desires are.


So that's something that is even bigger or even more special or more uniquely fit to you, uniquely can appear if it's supposed to. So for this year, as we get ready to move into 2025, I wanna consider walking into the new year without a lot of projections, without a lot of specificity and without a lot of expectation. And what if we walk into this new year and we actually choose to lean into our own unique intuition, the whispers that we feel, the seeds that have been planted, the little pings that we're getting here and there about things.


And let's lean in to the mightiness of God. What can God do in your life this year that you couldn't even conceive to put on a vision board? Where can you bring yourself this year if you choose to detach and let go from all this planning and expectation and follow the whispers, follow the symbols, follow the signs. I know something has been coming up for you. I know things have been coming to you, especially in the last few months.


We've had so many astrological transits. There are so many things brewing, so much is coming. But if we stay so tight and so rigid to maybe dreams that are outdated, people that are outdated, are we really giving ourselves the opportunity To transform, to be in purpose, to have more, to be more, more, more deeply? Wow. Wow, wow. Take a second here. I invite you to gently close your eyes as long as you are not driving.


Take a deep breath and let's ask ourselves a couple questions before we get a little more deeply into this deep breath in. And before I get into some of the work of this episode, let's just tap into those four soul questions that you may have heard me share before.


It's one of my favorite meditations. And as I ask each question, you can listen, you can ask yourself internally, but don't rush to fill with an answer. Who am I? Who am I? Who am I? What do I really want?


What do I really want? What am I grateful for? What am I grateful for? How can I serve? How can I serve?


All right, let's cleanse the palette. Now I wanna bring forward five different ways that you can really interact and co-create with your new year. Energy. Ritualizing reflection is my first thought on this. If you haven't already done this, or if you have, do a refresh 'cause the top of the year is a great time for a refresh for this. But create a sacred space. Create a space that you are going to spend time in all year long in some kind of a way, or it can be an altar for your year.


Light a candle, set an intention. Spend some dedicated time recapitulating or reviewing your year before the new year begins. Great time to do this is in a couple of weeks before the new year starts, even a few days before the new year starts, but try to get ahead of it so you can have a little more time for creation and really give yourself an opportunity to release any and all that happened and was experienced this year. But really review your year just for the information of it. Take stock, what happened? How much time for grief did you have? How much time for joy did you have?


What did community look like for you? Was this a building year? Was this a harvesting year? Was this a rest year? Was this an ideating year? Just notice what did it represent for you? What did you find was maybe one of the bigger themes of what this year was? Identify the theme, get it down on paper, notice it. Save this knowing and understanding for yourself. And instead of only listing maybe goals and looking from it from the standpoint of like what did you hit? What did you didn't ask yourself, what did I learn?


What was the lesson this year? Macro and micro, ask yourself, how did I grow spiritually? Write it down. Notice it or record it into your phone for yourself. Transcribe it, keep it. Listen back to it in the future. How did I grow emotionally? How did I grow mentally? Creating time for reflection really transforms the way you relate to your life, the way you relate to the experiences that have happened, the way you relate to your memories.


It gives the space for the integration of what has transpired and it gives the space for it to be moved into the wisdom of how you live your life. It gives you the clarity to move forward with purpose, and it gives you the beautiful release. Second on the list of how to move into this next year with your intuition and God as the guide. Embrace spiritual surrender. What if you allowed yourself to dream big, but to gently release the details of it and leave it a hundred percent in God's hands?


It doesn't mean that you stop moving, doesn't mean that you stop intending. Doesn't mean that you stop working. You're just holding your intentions lightly without too much put in to what the result is gonna be. Now, sometimes and in some ways that we're moving through life, it can be very important and very powerful to have set goals that you are going after and that you are checking off for everyone that's listening that really may not be the intended nor necessary path for this year.


Notice for yourself what it represents and move accordingly. Is this a goals year or is this a year that there can be some space for new creations to emerge? There can be space for faith, there can be space for trust. You'll know what the answer is for yourself, pray, meditate, or simply affirm, I trust that what is meant for me will not miss me. What is meant for me is headed straight to me with urgency and ease.


Surrendering yourself in this way frees you from the pressure of having to control every single outcome, which you can't do anyways, and it opens the door for some divine surprises. Third step surrendering your 2025 to your intuition and to God committing to the consistent inner work next year. Fan your flames.


Turn on your inner oven, turn on that inner fire. Grow for yourself. Create for yourself a soulful routine. What that can look like is daily prayer, daily journaling, mindful movement. What you're hearing and what I'm saying is devote to your daily practice, grow and devote to your daily practice. How can you meet your own needs at the deepest level? Find practices that keep you spiritually aligned and connected to your higher purpose.


This consistent care that you do for yourself. I just cannot overstate it is what this show is about. I talk about it 24 7. I talk about it on this show 24 7, but this is what sustains you, right? Like having a practice like this that is really deeply connected to your soul and is in service to your mind and to your body and to your heart. This is what builds your endurance for your purpose. This is what sustains you through the times that are assured to come that are challenging. We are always dancing between grief and joy, and the practice is what allows you to move through either end of that extreme with grace, with ease, with joy, with purpose, with usefulness, with wisdom.


Fourth on the list, surrounding yourself with inspired community. Now, this is a big one. The last few years we have been diving into the individualistic journey, right? We've been doing our individual work, which has been so important and it has to be done. But when you do it, then it's time to open back up to community, right? It's that closing of the circle. It's the completion. It is the hero's journey from Joseph Campbell or it's like in the Alchemist, where you slay your dragons, you have your adventure, you have your experiences, and then you return home to share them with your community, to bring them back, to bring the learning back, to bring the knowledge back, to bring the love back, to help everyone create something new.


And that's what it really feels like. We are ready for. For those that have been doing the work right now, it's time to have the elevated community. So if you wanna carry divine purpose into the new year, intentionally connect with communities, with mentors, with friends who share your spiritual values and uplift your spirit. It's not about more and it's not necessarily about new though sometimes it is. It's really about the depth. Can you go deeper? Can you be deeper with those you're in community with?


Can the quality of the experience between you and what you share be higher, be in the presence of those who also embrace surrender and trust and can spark greater devotion and faith within you? That is really important. That is really important. You cannot be the most hopeful, optimistic person in your friend group. Something's wrong. If that's the case, you're a martyr. If that's the case, there's something way too self-righteous about it. If that's the case, that's not what God's intended path is.


It's not for you to be the one of one of you in your space to the point where it's to your detriment being around others that feel that way, that grow that way, that move that way. That is what community is. That is the path. You can dip your toe back onto the other side, right? You can do your good works with people you care about. But when it comes to community, it has to be, it has to be mutually sustaining for all parties. And my final point for this episode and for this exercise is engage in heart-centered service.


If the things that you are working on and the things that you are creating only benefit you, it is too small, you must be a tree that bears fruit. The things that you are creating should not be for your own self-aggrandizing. It should not be to fill that void of validation that you're craving. It should be for the greater good of all. It should be for humanity. It should serve you and it should be birthed from your creativity and your vision, and it should be beneficial to you as well.


You deserve that. But if it's just for you, start over. Look again. If it's just for you, there's some work to do. There's another way that you can feel whole and loved inside the work of your life is for all or it's too small. So think about that. Moving in to this new year in 2025, we are surrendering to our own intuition and to God. That's it. That's it. Let's see what comes. You might be someone you never dreamed of.


You might have experiences, you might have a purpose. You could never really think of yourself because you created the space to bring it in. You created this space for something new, for something else. Be with that. Sit in that. So I'm gonna go through those again briefly. Ritualizing your reflection, number one. Number two, embracing spiritual surrender. Number three, committing to consistent inner work. Number four, surrounding yourself with inspired community. And number five, engaging in heart-centered service.


Take a deep breath here. Let's let that settle in. Here's an affirmation that I'd love to gift you and invite you to try on for yourself. I trust in the divine plan for my life. I am prepared, open, and ready to receive an affirmation for 2025.


I trust in the divine plan for my life. I am prepared, open and ready to receive. I trust in the divine plan for my life. I am prepared, ready, and open to receive.


Oh, I love that. That felt so good. Dive into some of those. Spend some time with some of those, especially before this year gets started, something that we discussed last episode, which I just wanna bring back up for review and invite you to do if you haven't cleanse your spaces. One of my favorite things to do, especially before I head out to my sacred, sacred, sacred New year in Mexico to go see my whales that y'all know about. I talk about them every year. You'll be in a whale episode soon, I hope. I hope I get to see them this year. That is my desire. But something that I love to do this time of year is to just energetically cleanse. I am given myself all the scalp treatments.


I'm gosh, showing my whole body all the time, just letting myself detox. I'm giving myself lymph massage to continue to let my body detox. I typically like to eat a lot lighter this time of the year, which is so counterintuitive because the sweets, my God, just everywhere is pie. Like everywhere is something so delicious filled with gluten. But I try to eat lighter. I try to drink more water, drink more juice to kind of counteract some of the other things that can feel destabilizing at this time of year. Right? We went over this last episode, the people, the amount of stimulation, the trauma, the memories, all of the things that happened, the expectations, also the fun, but just a lot energetically, physically, mind, body, and soul.


So I try to do a lot to meet that need. As you're working through these exercises and being with some of this curriculum, I want you to think of it in that as well. Continue to support this space that you're creating by also cleansing your energy. Sage, incense, burns, some smoke, some fire. Palo Santo, kapa, whatever is your pleasure. Whatever scent brings you to life and makes you feel good and more whole. Light it up. Cleanse your energy. Light a fire. If you can, open your windows, if you can sometimes, right? It might might be snowing where you are, but whatever's possible, do what's possible.


Cleanse your home, declutter. Clear out some space before the top of the new year. Do the organizing that you wanted to do. Do the gifting, do the goodwill haul. Do whatever you need to both energetically, physically make space. You're making space in the physical world. Make space in your heart. You're making space in your heart. Make space in your mind. You're making space in your mind. You make space in your body. You're making space in your body. Make space at your home. It all feeds itself, right? All these different chambers always lead back to the whole picture.


So consider the facets. Consider all the ways that you're gonna show up in those ways. Thank you so much for joining this episode. I cannot wait to see you in the new year. I am open to the miraculous energy of 2025. I am open to great outcomes beyond my comprehension to flow into my life with miraculous energy, grace, ease, prosperity, abundance, safety, stability, fun. Namaste, na.


The content presented on Deeply Well serves solely for educational and informational purposes. It should not be considered a replacement for personalized medical or mental health guidance, and does not constitute a provider patient relationship. As always, it is advisable to consult with your healthcare provider or health team for any specific concerns or questions that you may have. Connect with me on social at Devi Brown, that's Twitter and Instagram. Or you can go to my website, Devi Brown dot com. And if you're listening to the show on Apple Podcasts, don't forget. Please rate, review, and Subscribe and send this episode to a friend.


Deeply Well is a production of iHeartRadio and the Black Effect Network. It's produced by Jaqui Thomas, Samantha Timmons, and me, Devi Brown, the beautiful Sound Bath you heard. That's by Lyn Glass from Crystal Cadence. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.