
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I got, I got it. Seriously, I insist I first. First don't silly. You'll don't. Silly be silly People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper scissors for it. Rock paper scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs including the adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


Well fans believe that Drake had this LeBron James in this new freestyle. So a freestyle was released on Conductor Williams YouTube. So Conductor Williams is a producer that Drake works with a lot and what was interesting was it was later deleted from YouTube but then it was re-uploaded to ig. Everybody thought it was deleted because it wasn't supposed to have been leaked or whatever, but it was uploaded by somebody else that works with Drake. Somebody on his team who does this visuals, this girl and Drake is sitting in a dim room with like fire or whatever and he's going in and this is the freestyle was called Fight Nourish. Let's take a listen. The World fell in love with the gimmicks. Even my brothers got tickets. Seemed like they loved every minute. Just know the shit is personal to us. And it wasn't just business analyzing behavioral patterns.


Is someone suspicious he was never happy for me when I run up the digit or when I'm breaking world records still as I guzzle Guinness or when I get my fifth ma back. 'cause the color is different. Remember we traded watches. I gave you the Arabic guy, you gave me your number to dishes. You would even check up on my son like a pediatrician. Short convinced the gang shit was rooted in love. When it isn't, show me how different we are there. Blessings and juxtaposition. I guess now you boys gotta abandon your summer tradition. Okay, well people think he was going at LeBron in his freestyle 'cause he mentioned his brother receiving tickets and giving into gimmicks. So we all know LeBron went to the Juneteenth pop out And I remember it was rumored that Drake was so mad at LeBron being at the pop-out.


You know that he unfollowed him on IG and then he makes reference to a Arabic dial that's a Rolex. And the watch a watch Drake says he traded with somebody Now his photos of LeBron with this watch on throughout the years. So people are just putting two and two together. You know the fans, they speculate and they come up with stuff and they think that he's talking about LeBron watch. But this is also something crazy. It's also a part of the freestyle where Drake hints at tarnishing somebody's public image. Let's listen. Talking about we family, while I'm not the cousin to visit, God forbid we ever gotta tarnish your public image. All that brother talk as if I really discover the sibling six degrees. My memory's retrieving our humble beginnings. Want to trouble grab the shovel and dug us some ditches.


Cover my body in dirt. But that wasn't mean Corny, right? Nobody, people going off about it. Nobody told you to get them People tattooed on you. Boy It's crazy. Well I will say this, I think it's Arabic dial. But if they were that close and they would that cool. And it seems like they were and he probably felt like LeBron is his friend and and they've spent summers together and they spent time in Miami and Toronto. Who told you they spent summer together And I put And I put my, your jersey on my arm. I tattooed you. Who told you to do that? I tattooed your jersey. We probably, we thought we were friends, we thought we were boys, we thought we were good man. Please. And then all of a sudden when The World is kicking my my back down and The World is kicking my back in. What you say Jess? And you join?


I feel a Way too. What you say Jess? You sound like a love letter. Like yo, what happened? You cheated. Like, you know what I'm saying? It sound like they was lovers. Like this is too much. It sound, it do sound like Drake broke up with all his NBA boos in his head. In his head. DeMar Oz and Ron. You would even check up on my son like a pediatrician. Like, yo, Why? What's Going on with you? I like, I like when Drake raps. But why you sitting around writing the heartbreak records? But that's what he should do. 'cause these guys in a dark dim room. But that's what he should do. That's what we said. We instead of of going to Instagram and IG and social media, we should, he should be putting it in his music. I would've loved to hear an album off of it. But, but You, you writing the heartbreak records because you got your ass kicked in a rap battle and everybody in their mama B agrees.


What? Which is so crazy. Y'all said he shouldn't Be ain't rap. He shouldn't be online talking about it. He should put in his music and then when he puts it in his music, you're saying he's a sucker for putting in his music. No, we just saying don't sound gay about it when you're doing it. That's what we're simply trying to That's His feelings. That's his feelings. That's his feeling. Now you got bro, bro like Jeff said, they sound like lovers bro was like bro, you clearly like me more than I like you. I'm saying I don't like nobody but you for real People was going off about it because it's given what this drink had on LeBron's the first thing that people went. Yeah, but it just sounds like you Got got candles lit in the room with LeBron. That's what you Want. Hang that's what you wanted to Be. Got lotion in his hand. Why lotion? Yeah, We stop it.


He winking into lotion. LeBron's jersey, no lotion and then writing Yo. Anyway. Yo Naomi Osaka announces breakup with court a Yo Destiny Naomi. So this is the Breakup just with the mess? Yes. Yes. Yo, Naomi Osaka. She shared a post announcing that she broke up with him. She said hi everyone just wanted to say that Corde And I are no longer in a relationship. No bad blood at all. He's a great person and an awesome dad. Honestly, really glad that our pa our paths crossed because my daughter is my biggest blessing And I was able to grow a lot from our experiences together. Now that's crazy 'cause we just had this nigga up here before the, the end of the year. Right. And he said something totally different. I know that you, you said you like to, you know, be with your, your baby girl, your daughter.


Yeah. How are you and Naomi though? We good? I just seen that y'all had a big night like a couple nights ago at Jamie Foxx. Y'all was at something. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, we good man life, Y'all know because y'all don't post each other. Yeah so much people even speculate about that. Maybe they broke up or anything. That speaks to what you was talking about, about just everything connecting negatively. Yeah, for sure. Me honestly, like I am a super private person. I am like, I try my best as much as I can be. Like when it comes to my personal life to be super private, like as much as I can be because some stuff you gotta keep for yourself and when you allow like outside opinion, when you let and outside opinions can be family members.


You know what I'm saying? And that can get in the way of stuff that's important to you so mad when you add The World to that, that that's a whole nother thing. And so I try to be as private while speaking on it now, but I try to be as private as I possibly can about like my personal life. Like, you know, even with my daughter and you know, my relationship and stuff, I know he wished that she was super private about some things. 'cause I that would've, that would be like a slap in my face. Like, yo, I just told them that I'm super, super private was and she just straight posted it. I never understood that though. I never understood why people had to do that. Like why are you making a public announcement that y'all broke up? You know what, what Emini here, like I if, If y'all was private about y relationship, You know what I'm saying?


Like why, what does that do? You know what I'm saying? What, what is that supposed to do now? What you know, you letting niggas know. All right, you can jump in the dm, you know tennis shorty out here back on the streets. Like why, why, why would you have to do that? But it is, it is to each his own mess' the best of the day. So This just what the mess was all about one sided relationships court. They thought things was all good. Drake thought things was all good. I'm saying and these athletes stay in relationships with are like, nah, we cool All that's What it Is. He said, these athletes. All right, well that is just what the mess. Thank you Jess. You welcome here. Let's get to the People's Choice Mix. Happy holidays. Happy New Year. Ain the holidays no more. Oh you right. Happy New Year. We're back today. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future, generations future. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.