
KFC. Chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I found out I was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake Gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Alright Y'all, so yesterday I went to the first day of Diddy's trial. It was the first day of jury selection and a man, was it a long day?


We were there from like nine 30 to like 6, 6 30? Yeah. At night? Yes. Wow. Dang. They went through. It was because there's a lot of jurors. There's like, I think the pool was like anywhere from like a hundred fifty, a hundred seventy five. I believe it's 150 people. Big. So You got to see the jurors? Not all of them, but yes. Okay. 'cause they couldn't, we couldn't do all of them in one day, but yes. So when I first got there, first of all it was horrible day to have to be outside of anywhere, but I was outside and there was like tons of media press set up. So we did our intro into the fact that I'd be covering it for the latest with Lauren La Rosa. So you guys will see that on my YouTube channel. But there was a lot of media there, but not as much as I thought would be there. But I think it's because it's the first day, once I got into the courtroom, I was told that I was already too late to go in the actual courtroom where Puff was gonna be.


So I went into an overflow room. So in the overflow room, all you could could do is listen. So from nine 30 to like two, maybe one, like one 30, I was just sitting there listening to Jra after Jra, after Jura, after J Y'all. I felt like I was in school. What Did they do? Like, like interviewed them type Of stuff? Yes, they interviewed them. So they had this list that they put together. It's a people in places list. And have you Ever heard No Way Out? Is that your favorite album? That type Of stuff. Not those exact words, but similar to it. So they asked you, you know, they asked people about different celebrities. They know Michael B. Jordan was on the list. Kid Cudi was on the list. Kanye West was on the list. Some of Diddy's family, including his, his kids were on the list. Did any of the jurors Know what any of them or no? Yeah, there were some jurors who knew different people. So like there was, were they old?


It was old and young. So there was one woman, she was an older white woman. She thought Michael B. Jordan was Michael Jordan. But she knew that it was a celebrity. There was a another girl who was like, so they Picked tough. They was like, oh, we taking her. No, I had to. I'm trying. Yeah, I think they let her rock. 'cause you could tell that like she honestly just didn't know. Didn't know. Right. There was another girl, I didn't get to see her. This is when I was a overflow room, who actually, she knew everything. Like, she was like, she's a big fan of the nineties. She knew she named multiple people. Lauren Gibson was on the list who was Diddy's choreographer and dance instructor for some years. She named her off the list. I knew she started singing songs. You can hate me. Nah, no. She did start singing songs, but she was the only person I heard that whole day identify Lorianne Gibson.


So I'm like, oh, she really knows. But she says she used to watch making the band a lot. Yes. So yeah, they, they did that whole thing. They also, there was a bunch of different places, like different hotels and things of that nature that, you know, puff either would've been at or like people that are of a celebrity or like a certain status. Right. GoTo, they were trying to identify, you know, if you know these places, have you been there? Whatever was the Majority Women, men, white, black, It, it was mixed. It was, it was a very diverse pool. White, black men, women, young, old. It was very, very diverse. There was one man that stood out to me. He actually was a juror who, because they give you these questions and they pull you in and they say, okay, this is the case you're gonna do, here's some preliminary questions. 'cause we were trying to make sure there's no conflict. Right? Right. So then when they come back, so when we seen them, this is them coming back after those questions.


So a lot of the jurors had to update you and say, yo, since the last time I saw you, here's what's changed. One man got on the stand and basically said, my wife was one of the litigators. Remember that party that Puff had when there was a stampede and people passed away? Yes. His wife was one of the attorneys on that case. His wife found out from another woman or another person who was on the jury who went back and told her significant other that she had seen him just in the pool. And then he works with the wife and was like, oh, you know your, your husband's on the, the Diddy case. And she came, her husband was like, oh no, I hate him. I don't like him. So when he revealed that, they're like, no, like Mark took a right off. Yeah. Diddy scene was just like, no, I don't like him. It's too definite. Even though it's not the husband.


There was an older black lady who they talked about or who was there. A lot of pe a lot of 'em, George. Y'all saw that Cassie video, like I'm not even gonna hold you. Course. How how could they, how could they not? It was on CNN. Yeah, it literally was CNN exclusive video. That was the reoccurring theme. People kept bringing that up. So one woman said that she didn't see the full video, but she saw a screenshot of the video and that it was very, can I say damn Damning, damning G. Yes, Yes. You could say it. It was very damning. It was such a prude. No, because I don't know, we could say on the radio, but that got her excluded. Meaning they're not gonna use her as a juror because they were like, wait for you to even, and she was like, it was damning judgment. Yeah, it was damning. But I can still make a a clear and fair decision. Yeah.


Diddy seem was like, nah, Uhuh.


Hey y'all, it's Lauren La Rosa from The Breakfast Club. Sorry to interrupt, but y'all know how I do. So I'm here to talk about Top Dog Law. Y'all here Top Dog Law all over your radio. And I know by now that if you want top dollar, you should also know this. You gotta call Top Dog Law. If it's about your car accident, don't let these little family lawyers finesse you into a little check. Shouldn't nothing belittle this season. Remember, for any serious accident injury case Top Dog law get you top dollar. So make sure you call today to find out what your car accident, your slip and fall or your construction accident case could really be worth. And calling Top Dog Law is completely free. Also free for a consultation. Call Top Dog Law today to see if your case is eligible for compensation with no money down. So make sure y'all go holler at my dogs, no pun intended, over at Top Dog Law. That's Top Dog law on Instagram and top dog law.com. Now let's get back to The Breakfast Club.


How did he, how did did he look? How did did he look? Well, I Don't, what I don't understand about that video is he's not on trial for this Exactly. But everybody seen it, which makes him look bad. He puts him in a bad light. And I wanna bring this back in the next hour because I heard something in the courtroom about the video and how it will probably not be used by the prosecutors even though they are able to admit the original video. And I've been getting a lot of pushback for calling this out because people are like, that doesn't mean anything. Or they can still, And I'm like, no, no, no. But you said, how does, did he look, did they Look stressed out? Did He's definitely a lot thinner. Face is very pale. A lot of gray hair. Some black, but a lot of gray hair. You could tell he was nervous. And he said it in the courtroom. He had asked to go to the bathroom. He was like, excuse me, judge. You know, I'm a little bit nervous, but you could tell at one point in time I saw, And I was watching him very closely.


I saw like his hands shaking a bit, but very involved. You, he's fighting for his life. Literally like Emini here. He came with a fi like a case of paperwork. He was on the tablet sitting next to Brian Steele. He's reading every drawer profile as things are happening. Like when that man revealed that his wife was a part of that litigation team. Yeah, he's reacting with his attorneys. They're having conversations, but he's also, even though he's in all of that, still very like enduring, like he was making them laugh. Well shaking. They were having a good Time. Well, the shaking of the hand I don't think makes, makes him nervous. But you remember when he was up at his hand was shaking like that as well. So it might be he be nervous. I don know if he was nervous or maybe he had something wrong with in this happy in this room was his It was his left hand. He wiped up that shot That champagne that I'm sure he, he's happier.


Oh, I remember that. Yeah. You know Diddy had his own met Gala in jail last night. You know that? Oh my God. Yo Y Jets. Oh my God. She could Find tailoring black style. They was altering their jail suits. Oh, walking the red carpet. And the carpet is red because the stain with blood from Bki. Uhuh. Wait, yo, you always too fall. I don Know. Look, before we have to wrap this up, and I'm gonna bring this back 'cause I have a little bit more, there was one juror who said she had to admit the fact that she saw something on her timeline that she liked and it was a Diddy joke. And they were like, what was the joke? And she was like, it was something about baby oil. And I was like, she gonna say Jess Hilarious in The Breakfast Club. I just knew she didn't though.


Oh, okay. She didn't, she couldn't remember. But I swear to God, I was like, I know she about to say huge, but because of that they were like, She's been some great jokes from this situation. It is. It really, it really has made some amazing jokes Has you made about this. Okay. And they were never in. Last question before we move on was his family there was, was the sons there? His mom there? No, no, no, no. Not his sons or his mom or his daughters. There were, there was two people in there that I think were there for him, but I don't know for sure. And I, I couldn't recognize them. But there was a guy with a free Diddy shirt on the first half when I was in the court. He's definitely not gonna get picked as no juror. Yeah, I was, he wasn't a juror. I, I believe he was just in the stands. I don't know. He was just somebody. Yeah, they, another one of my reporter friends who was actually in the court with Diddy at the time, told me that he was in there and they made him turn the shirt around.


So, okay, All well, Happy birthday Meek Mill Day. Meek Mill birthday. For real. Yes. Meek did not want That. We didn't want that right there. He did not wanna be mentioned right there, There You them at the bottom of every report. Why would you do that? Hey, yo, you, why would you do That Emini here? That was the, that was the best way to Insert it. Meek don't want nothing to do with any of this. That was the Best place to Insert. You could wish Meek happy birthday anytime. Show next hour. You could in 20 minutes. He said, had to ask. How did he look you again? Because I was he stressed out. Now we gotta keep an eye on Diddy because Keep an eye on did tonight. Y he's gonna give y'all something gonna surprise y'all with something. Goodness. All Right. Who you giving you a donkey to? Thank you for the latest Before after the hour, man.


You want to talk about Bki? No, you gonna talk about Bki? There's a woman named Christina Soto who exposed her bunkie in public and we need to discuss, she needs to come to the front of the congregation. We need to have a word with her. All right, we'll get to that next, since The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Check out video of the full show on Tuby free classic interviews and more on Tuby every day, all day long, all for free. Just search Breakfast club and grab your popcorn. Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets.


You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel Emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting.


Check it out for yourself by searching for Therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast and I'm excited for my next episode with Chloe Kardashian. God, I've been through so many things that at this point I would rather not feel than feel because feeling is too much for me to handle. I am Klo Kardashian, Chloe Kardashian, everybody, Chloe Kardashian. No one understands how it's, I'm not just a TV show. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You feeling this too, is a horror anthology podcast.


It brings different creators to tell 10 vial, No, no, no, no, no, no. Grotesque, oh my God. Horrific stories on what scares them the most. Please go watching You're feeling this too. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.