
This is an iHeartPodcasts. Let's, I'm a homegirl that knows a little bit about everything. And everybody You hear that exclusive, you know, if she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. This is your daily dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, exclusives in the conversations that shake the room. We always start off with a behind the scenes of the grind, checking Back on the grind, grinding. And today, if I'm checking in with you guys and letting y'all know how I feel, I am excited.


I'm excited because number one, I just found out that we have the holiday July 4th holiday off of The Breakfast Club, which means I'll have a whole week of just podcasting with y'all. So I'm gonna get to do a lot more content. Normally my days are so crazy because of court, 'cause of Breakfast Club, and then, you know, doing the podcast as well that I don't get to do everything I wanna do. So I have some surprises that will be happening that will pop up next week on the podcast. That'll be really, really good. But I'm also excited because I just, it's all just new stuff. I can't even talk about the project, but I'm also working on a new project with some friends in media. And, you know, in this next coming week or two, things are really, really getting off the ground.


I think it's such a blessing to be able to wanna create things and wanna put things in The World and actually being in a position to, you know, even if at a beginner level or you know, a first timer level, not a beginner, you know, not a beginner, but a first timer level. Be able to actually, you know, pull together your coins and your funds and do it, and do it on your own terms. So I've just been all morning just really excited about what's to come and that's it. It's not just excited, it's what's I'm excited about. What is to come today. Now getting on into the latest 'cause this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. You guys know that, you know, court has been courting and we have been there this week.


You know, you girl love to take y'all to court, love to take y'all to court. One of the biggest things that I think most people are talking about right now with the Sean Combs trial is the fact that Diddy was actually able to speak out, I would say for the first time, but it was not the first time he actually spoke previously in court where the judge had asked him, you know, if juror six is not dismissed and continues throughout the case, open to waiving your rights to appeal based on that juror and, and any decisions made by that juror. And Didi waved his hand and he said, yes, your honor, I waived my rights. So that was officially the first time Didi spoke out in court. But yesterday, June 24th, 2025, Diddy stood in court because they were having a conversation about what is about to happen for the, the, you know, these final few days in the courtroom.


And the judge had to ask Diddy a series of questions about, you know, you know, does he understand that he is giving up his, you know, right to testify if he says he doesn't want to, you know, that he's asking Diddy questions about just his mind state, like, you know, are, are you under the influence of any drugs or alcohol? Is this your actual decision? Like a lot of people wanted him to get on the stand. And I think a lot of people wanted him to get on the stand because there are people who feel like the government does not have a strong case. That a lot of the things that were presented at base level, you know, when you look at the definition of a crime potentially could rule to, okay, he, there, there may be something here, but the way that this conversation and at this case in these charges were shaped, and when I say the way that they were shaped Emini here, the conversation and the narrative that were placed around these charges when the indictment first dropped, there has been a very different case presented per se.


Now, some people will argue on its face that, you know, if you only have to prove certain things that has been done by the government, others, because you don't have the big huge sensationalized like, you know, he's moving crazy drugs and there's tons of buses of women being taken against their will and, you know, all these things that I think people thought they were going to hear, they don't even get down to the, the, the, the crevices of the conversation and of the definition of the crime and what the government actually has to do to prove these things. So they wanted Diddy to testify. We've talked about it here at The Breakfast Club where throwing your mercy on the court and getting up there and you know, just taking accountability for what you can take accountability for with reasoning, right?


Because Diddy is saying, I'm not guilty on all charges, but taking accountability for things that won't hurt him legally and and kind of humanizing himself, I think is something that people wanted to see. But we are not going to see it. And I mentioned on The Breakfast Club that these were reports that were out there that I had confirmed because you don't ever know all of this stuff is changing, right? Like, so when I was on The Breakfast Club yesterday morning, I talked about the fact that Diddy was not gonna testify and that I had been told that the theory that was put out there around the reports that he would not testify, which is that the government has not proven their case according to Diddy's attorneys is why he's making that choice.


By the time I left Breakfast Club to the time I got into court, that could have changed. All of this stuff is moving today, today is Wednesday, June 25th, 2025. Today is going to be a charging conference in the courtroom, which is where they'll have conversations and figure out jury instruction and you know, what the direction around that is. And, you know, jury instruction, it, it is just like, here's the rules, here's the guidelines, here's what you guys are going to be like. Here's basically your job description while you guys are deliberating. That is what that will be. But what the biggest conversation is right now is where will we end up? Because yesterday in court, Diddy's team made it a big, big, big deal to have a conversation about a dismissal Diddy's team.


They spent more time on asking for this case to be dismissed than they did on presenting a defense whatsoever. Now for me, I was very surprised. I'm not surprised that they asked for the dismissal they had been doing that. The difference though, in them asking this time was, you know, not even just asking for the overall case to be dismissed, but saying, you know, if you're not gonna dismiss the overall case, at least within, you know, these certain charges, we need to really sit back and have a conversation about was the burden of proof surpassed or not? Because it, in our opinion, it wasn't, that was very different. 'cause before this, it's just been like, Hey, all of this needs to be thrown out because of A, B, C, and D here.


They're like, okay, we do believe it all needs to be thrown out, but if not, let's at least take a deeper look and have a conversation about these things on the other side over here. Right? Court today is gonna be really interesting. Going into court yesterday, there was a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of evidence that was on the stand. There was an HSI agent, Homeland Security Investigator, Homeland Security Investigations, an agent from their offices was on the stand and he was a summary witness. And what he was doing was he was taking a look at, you know, various text, convers bank records, a ton of different things that the government was trying to use to again, prove, you know, that this whole thing is an enterprise allegedly that there, you know, was the sex trafficking allegedly just, you know, people being taken across state lines, all of the things allegedly, right?


When Diddy's team got up there to have a conversation with him, what they pointed out was they wanted to point out that like there were these money transfers and the bank transfers and of sorts, but how are you able to point that directly to who was paid for what? Because what they're trying to lean in on is like, we've heard all of these inferences, right? Like these big narratives and big notions, but nothing directly that points to Diddy. And in doing so, we can't pin him for a crime. So they're talking to the HSI agent and they're bringing up different payments from his bank accounts, different transfers from his bank accounts, and they're generalizing because the government spent a lot of time on like making things really direct, okay, this payment or, you know, alleging like, you know, this escort was able to do A, B, C, and D because Diddy allegedly was the person who wanted these things, who allegedly instructed people around him to make these things happen.


And who allegedly funded it, right? His team is backing away like, okay, there are these payments, but these are going to various LLCs and how do we know that any of this points directly to what you're saying? So that's how today started off. And to be honest with y'all, you know, this wasn't the most exciting part of the trial. But when Didi stood up and, you know, had the conversation with the judge where he did, you know, thank the judge and tell the judge that he was doing a good job, things did get interesting. At that point people were very interested because, you know, hearing did he speak in court and this, this is, this is the longest that we've heard him speak in court. Not the first time, but the longest he spoke. Of course that's gonna get the people going.


One of the things that I think is important here is like temperament. Of course when Diddy spoke in front of the court, the jurors were not in the room. They were actually on like a, a short lunch break. But you could tell in Diddy's temperament that it, it was very jumpy. It was very like, and I'm, I'm assuming right, he the man is fighting for his life that his nerves are, are a bit rattled. But you could tell that and hear that in his voice that he was a bit rattled. I can't imagine what his family is feeling like today or yesterday, Emini here any day, honestly. But now that we are here at this point where today there will be a conversation on charges and what the jury is actually going to legally be able to look at when talking about what he will be charged with and how he will eventually be sentenced based on the verdict they reach.


Gotta be, yo, I would be nervous outta my mind. Like I would literally be nervous I of my mind if I were his family. So, you know, that's gonna be pretty interesting to watch play out as well. I'm not for sure, I would assume because the, the, the family has been there every single day that his family will be there today as well. But this is kind of like a lot of, I know be there at all today. They will not, the jury will actually be back in court Thursday, June 26th and Friday, June 27th is when the jury will be back in court because that is when the closing arguments will happen between the prosecution and the defense. That is supposed to be from nine to 5:00 PM on Thursday and Friday.


So I'll be bringing you guys updates from there as well too. And then Monday, as long as they use these two days, that Thursday and Friday to get through Monday the 30th, June 30th, 2025 is when the jury deliberations will begin. Now, in the beginning of court, the judge put this on a timeline to be honest with you. Now again, everything is moving. Everything is changing, right? So the judge is saying, Hey, I would love to get us outta here by July 4th because who wants to be in here throughout, after the holiday? But of course if, if things are not where they need to be by, you know, Thursday the third, because Friday is a holiday, we wouldn't be in court on July 4th. You are gonna have to give the jury more time.


I, to be honest with you guys, it's like one day I have a prediction about what I think will happen and the next day I don't, I've been saying from the beginning of this that I do believe that Diddy will do some time, but I didn't think that all of the charges will stick. That's another conversation that's happening right now too, is like, what is going to stick and what is not. So look as excited and adventurous as I'm feeling about everything else in life. This case has me on pins and needles like I am, like, it's like every, every five minutes there's a different report and this is happening, this is happening, this is happening. So, you know, being in court and being able to di directly see and hear what is happening has been helpful. But even in court, everybody is on pins and needles.


Like when I say you could hear a pin drop, when Diddy was speaking after Diddy's team went through and they broke it down, they went count by count by count. You know, they talked about the arson, they talked about the kidnapping alleged like all these allegations, right? And broke down why they felt like the government did not do a good job in proving that GI Diddy is guilty of any of this. After that happened, the, you know, rightfully so, the judge is able to ask the defense like, okay, do you guys have any response? I'm, I'm sorry. The judge is able to ask the, the government, like, do you guys have any response? And the government is they, no.


They said, look, we believe that we've presented a, a case, you know, to the best of our ability that proves, you know, what we are alleging and that it is sufficient to go before a jury. And they sat back down, I don't know y'all, I we needed some suspense music right here. Like, I really don't. I, I don't know. Well guys, this has been the latest with Lauren La I'm your host, Lauren La Rosa, And I tell you guys every episode, all of my low riders, you guys could be anywhere with anybody having a conversation about all these things, but you choose to be right here with me every single time.


And man, do I appreciate you guys for that. Make sure you're also following me on socials at Lauren LaRose everywhere because I do, do you know, in addition to the podcast, you know, we're doing the videos outside of court. I'm actually going to be posting one. Well, I I laid on my posting yesterday, but I'm gonna be posting one today as we head there. I have stuff from yesterday that I'll be posting as well too. And just, you know, keeping you guys abreast and this whole thing is coming to an end and there's a lot to think about. There's a lot to consider. I, I do wanna know what, what are you guys predictions? What do you guys think will happen next? Do you think Diddy will go to jail for this? These things that they're alleging?


Do you think he won't go to jail for this? What do you, what do you guys, I wanna know, take me outside to the tweets in the streets. You for the tweets. We outside. We outside. We outside, outside Every other page I go. But this time when I come back with this, I want to know. So at me, you know, on Instagram, on Twitter, Lauren the rosa, L-O-R-E-N-L-O-R-O-S-A, let me know your predictions and we'll, we'll bring the predictions here tomorrow on the podcast and, and have a, a real conversation about what you guys are predicting versus what we're seeing happening. Thank you guys. I'll see you in my next episode.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.