
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


Stepping into the Kia K four or K five isn't just getting behind the wheel of any average sedan. It's stepping into what's next with a K four. It's stepping into a world that's exciting with a K five. It's one that's bold. The Kia K four, and K five. The next movement for sedans, see your local Kia dealer or visit kia.com to learn more Kia movement that inspires. Call 803 3 3 4 Kia for details. Always drive safely.


Hey y'all, it's Lauren LA from The Breakfast Club. Sorry to interrupt, but y'all know how I do. So I'm here to talk about Top Dog Law. Y'all here, top Dog Law all over your radio. And I know by now that if you want top dollar, you should also know this. You gotta call Top Dog Law. If it's about your car accident, don't let these little family lawyers finesse you into a little check. Shouldn't nothing belittle this season. Remember, for any serious accident injury case Top Dog law gets you top dollar. So make sure you call today to find out what your car accident, your slip and fall or your construction accident case could really be worth. And calling Top Dog Law is completely free. Also free for a consultation. Call Top Dog Law today to see if your case is eligible for compensation with no money down. So make sure y'all go holler at my dogs, no pun intended, over at Top Dog Law. That's Top Dog Law on Instagram and top dog law.com.


Now let's get back to The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Okay, so yesterday in court, Diddy, the opening statements took place. So the opening statements took place. Prosecutors went first. The pros, the prosecutors are the people who want Diddy locked up. Then Diddy's team, the defendants came after that. Now the prosecutors came out swinging. I'm not even gonna hold y'all. They revealed so many different things that we had never heard before. They, they told us that Cassie will testify this week. Her, her husband, Alex Fine, was in the courtroom yesterday And I saw him in the lunchroom. So I thought she might've actually got on scene yesterday, but it didn't happen. Did you see Cassie yesterday or night? I didn't see Cassie, but I saw her husband one in the room too. Gotta eat.


If you leave out, if you leave out, you might miss your chance to go back into the courtroom. 'cause only, but so many people can go in. So I go, it's all right. It's cool. We'll get you through. But, so yeah, so they told us that Cassie will testify this week, and they talked about what her testimony may be. So they dropped a big bomb when they mentioned that Cassie will testify that a male escort performed a sexual act that required him to urinate. Mm mm That would, that would stop people in their tracks. For, for, yeah. It required him to urinate. Like just pee. Like he just had to pee. It was where he, I And he would, he cannot. Yeah, he cannot. It. He, he Urinated on her. On her. Just say that on her. Okay. I'm saying it the way I was told to say it.


Okay. So that was the first thing, which people were like, wait, what? And then the second thing, they, they, they, the prosecutors basically are making like, we knew they would making Puff to be out there like angry man who like just can't control himself or whatever. So they go straight into a Cassie incident, but it's not the video. They talk about a time where Cassie decided, I guess she got upset that Diddy was dealing with other women. She decided to go deal with somebody else. So she dipped. Puff was coming, he came, you know, he's allegedly, he's looking for, can't find her. He grabs his gun to his staff members. One of the staff members said that she did not wanna go. And allegedly she was forced to go. So they, their, their, they, they labeled that kidnapping and they went to this man's house looking for Cassie in this rage.


Cassie wasn't there. And it was like all hell broke loose. But the peeing thing was a huge thing. Now, Diddy's team came real quick on their opening statements and said, look, And I thought their opening statements, to be honest with y'all, were weak Diddy's team. I thought like, okay, all they did was own up to everything. They're like, look, he is, he was, he was angry. He can't control his anger. He, you know, might abuse drugs and been a horrible B boyfriend. Y'all going hear text messages and audios that make him sound like a horrible person and that he may have been all of the most horrible things you could think about him when it comes to how he dealt with the women in his life. He's owning up to it. But when it comes to these charges, one thing has nothing to do with the other. You're not gonna be able to look at him at the end of this case and say that because of any audio, any video you see or anything that we are telling you right now that is despicable.


They admitted it. Like, if he was guilty of domestic violence, we wouldn't be arguing today. Emini here. If if we, I was gonna ask You if he was charged with domestic violence, we wouldn't be arguing today If he was charged with abuse in a certain way, we wouldn't be arguing today. But because he's charged with everything else, the sex trafficking and all these other things, we're here because he's not guilty of that. I was gonna ask you, you know, the, the fact that he went to somebody's house, that he's not being charged for that though, right? I think the reason why the prosecutors open up with that is because they're trying to show that he can't be controlled and, and there's like this jealous rage that they alleged happened whenever it comes to him and his women or whenever he doesn't get his way. The prosecutor's overall theme was you can't tell Diddy no because if you tell him no, you don't know what might happen to you. He'll threaten your career, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


But he is not on trial for that. And that's, that was so interesting when I saw the defense from Diddy's team at Top Dog Law, he was saying that, you know, they were saying just because it's a moral doesn't mean it's criminal. I don't know if the jury's gonna be able to separate the two though. Okay, so look, getting into that, this is why I was low key impressed yesterday. So then they start calling witnesses to the stand. So they called this guy, which witness y'all wanna go with first? The male escort or the LAPD officer, whatever's more Entertaining. The Male escort both entertaining the male escort. Okay, so the male escort gets on the stand, right? Black, black male escort? Yes, he's a black man. He's like, probably like five, seven. Really stocky, like, you know, muscle. I could tell when he walked in, I'm like, oh, he must be like a dance or something. Char Oh no. Charlamagne's body could never, okay. He's like a dancer or something.


So he gets on the stand. Yeah, You never steam me with my shirt off, man. Finished, please, Baby, listen, look at you sitting over, sit up looking all pudgy. So he's on the stand And I Know you ain't talking with that Vera Wayne fat too Though. So he's on the stand and he's describing his relationship with Cassie and Diddy. And he's saying that, you know, up until a few years ago in New York, whenever they would come here, they would call him because he would engage in different sexual acts with them. Right? Allegedly. So he's like, every single time he got the phone call, it was from Cassie. The way that he met them was through his boss. So his boss came to him one day and said, look, I have this, this couple who wants to do something for the wife, it's a bachelorette party. They need a male stripper. They didn't have a male stripper. So he went, he shows up in the NYPD T-shirt and he says, Cassie, he alleges Cassie, Cassie opens the door, she's in red lingerie, she's in a wig, dark glasses and pumps.


And she's like, listen, your boss told me that I'm supposed to give you $200 and this is what he's alleging. And instead she gives him 4,000. She's like, I wanna explain to you what's about to happen. So this is not a bachelorette party. My husband likes to do special things for me. He wanted to do this for my birthday. He just wants us to like rub baby oil on each other and you know, just kind of like get familiar with each other and whatever happens from there, if you're comfortable, I'm, I'm open to it. So he's like, okay. So he goes in, he says, when he walked in on like just, okay, he said, he literally said, he said Cassie was one of the most beautiful women he ever seen in his life. He couldn't even believe that it was happening like this. So he walks in and he alleges that Puff was there sitting in the room, but you couldn't tell it was him because he had a bandana tied around his face and he had a hat on and he was sitting in the corner.


So he says so crazy. But he did say the minute that did, he opened his mouth to like, say something, take that he, I don't know what he said. Probably like, just an introduction of like, sorry, he said he did, he yo he told him he worked in imports and exports. So when he said that, he said, I heard I, I instantly caught the voice. And I'm like, well how did you catch the catch the voice? He said, I've been listening to this man, my like, you know, majority of my whole life. So he said that they got into, got into it. He says that they were rubbing each other with the oils. There was other lubricant there as well. And that him and Cassie had sex on the couch in that hotel allegedly. And that the whole time Puff sat in the corner and masturbated Executive producing. That's what he Calls it. And and he did say shut up man. He did say that. You know, he never puff never got involved, but he did.


But he was telling them what to do at, at different times. That's How we know he don't make beats beat. And he also made it clear too that when he, on the first time that they linked up, Cassie told him like, you have nothing to worry about. My husband is not gay, he's not gonna touch you, he's not gonna whatever. He just, you know, he's gonna, he might tell us what to do or whatever, but he's not gonna be, it's, it's just gonna be us doing the physical things. He said that they linked up a lot more times after that. His, his payments would range anywhere from like six K to like four or $5,000, depending on what they wanted to give him. He said sometimes he would even show up and wouldn't even get paid. But he was just like, I just like being a part of this lifestyle. But he did say that there were, there was two things he said. He said one time he couldn't get hard anymore because he had saw, he went to Cassie's house, they got comfortable with him.


He came to Cassie's house when he was there, Cassie and Diddy was in the room. He was outside in the living room. Diddy comes out and goes off on Cassie, like allegedly beats her up bad because she took a long time to come back in the room to him. And he said after he saw that, that was his first time seeing her get physically like touched. He couldn't even engage in sexual activity with the two of them. And they haven't gotten to cross examine him yet. Like Diddy team started and then they had to stop. What about the urination? The urination thing. So he's, so he randomly was just like recounting their experiences and he just came out and said, yeah, like, 'cause they were asking him what are some of the things you would've to do? He said, well, one time Cassie asked me to, you know, urinate on her, on her.


And now we all gasping like, oh wait, 'cause the prosecutors, oh, so Cassie asked him, not Did he? Exactly, because the prosecutors opened up that literally probably like 15 minutes before that. The prosecutors were like, Cassie is going to tell you that Diddy allegedly made this escort urinate on her. That there's an escort sitting in front of us sworn in on the stand saying, no, Cassie told me to do that. And this is what I was talking about yesterday when I said they about to put Cassie through it And I hope her husband isn't hearing anything. He didn't already know. Yeah, right. That would be a lot. You know, because if not that, that gonna make for some very awkward moments at home. Yeah. And and if you didn't know that your wife did this, got urinated on and didn't find this out in court, it's a lot.


Could you handle that? But let me tell you, not only 'cause he had left, he was in the back of the court and then he went, I think they took up to like a back room. But the girl, the, you know, all the Diddy kids are there, right? So his daughters are there. I was sitting behind them. It was awkward for me to watch them have to listen to all of this. They, after he started the, the male escorts started getting into a lot of the masturbation and stuff. They got up and left. They got who, who Told 'em to leave? Did, did he say leave or No, Diddy didn't tell 'em to leave. I don't, there, I don't know if there was a conversation or not. I looked up from writing And I saw them get up, so I don't know, but I know that they were like checking on each other throughout. I saw them ask like, Christian at one point, like you, okay, because they brought Kim into this as well, like having conversations about the jealousy that was between Puff and Cassie. Because you know, the defense is just trying to paint this as like, this was just a jealous, toxic relationship.


And it started with Diddy not being able to leave Kim alone up until the time of her passing. And Misa was there too, right? Misa Misa was there. I saw Kim, she she was a With a walker? Yes, she A walker, but she's okay. I no Happened to her. Her leg is just broke. She'll be in a boot today from what I'm told. But she's okay though. It's not like anything like super Emini here. Broken leg is serious, but it's, it can heal. So she'll be good. But there's more, I gotta bring this back at the top of next Hour. And I got more questions when we talk, when we come back. 'cause I, I wanna know what Diddy was doing during all of this. Okay? What was his body language like? Got you. And then the kids were giving off some of the languages as well too. 'cause when that male escort said that part about Cassie, Christian and Justin, like the way that they looked at each other, like finally somebody saying tell, they Feel like telling Truth, right? That's what it felt like.


That's not what they said, but that's what it felt like. So we'll come back on the, the top of the next hour 'cause there's a whole nother witness and they broke this witness down on the stand. All Right. Laura LaRosa the latest with Lauren now if you, if you're just joining us, she was actually in court yesterday, so she's breaking down what she's seen, what she heard. We'll get back to her in the next latest with Lauren, which will happen in about 40 minutes. So don't go anywhere. We got front page news coming up and she's going to court today too, right? You gonna court today? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Soon as I leave here. All right, we got front page news. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey friend, I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me forward slash talk to get your tickets.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was keeping up by drill cur till when we stepped beyond the edge of what we know. I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. In return, it's a miracle I was brought back, alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


We asked parents who adopted teens to share their journey. We just kind of knew from the beginning that we were family. They the sense of love that I never had before. Emini here, he's not only my parent, like he's like my best friend. At the end of the day, it's all been worth it. I wouldn't change. Thing about our lives. Learn about adopting a teen from foster care. Visit adopt us kids.org to learn more. Brought to you by Adopt US Kids, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.