
I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. And everybody you hear that Exclusive, you know if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. What's up y'all? It's Lauren la This is the latest with Lauren La. This show, as you know, is your daily dig into all things pop culture and the conversations that are really shaking the room. Now I'm your home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody. So today joining me and Patrick, y'all say hey to Patrick. What's good y'all? Brandon is here. Brandon, I don't know what you, you wanna give to people your Instagram or like what you wanna go by? I'm Brandon. Instagram is b dot b dot under 27. I'm not copying anybody's name. That's what they called me since college.


Yeah. And I was just highly surprised Lauren ever asked me to come on here with her today because I was being very opinionated at work and just, you know, talk about topics and she's like, Hey, come on the show. So I said, why not? Where You work at work At Power 1 0 5 1 with The Breakfast Club. I'm a producer on the show. Yeah. That's where me and Lauren get our, our topic and our arguments off. She's usually just gimme a real dirty look. And I have to, I have to take back what I said. So Today when we do, you know, we're gonna get into a couple things. I think you guys will love hearing from Brandon and we gotta do a checkin behind the scenes of the grind. Back on the grind. This is where we check in and we just see, you know, how people are feeling.


But the rules with our check-in are that you have to use one word and you can describe why you said that one word, but you gotta do it one word first and you gotta be real about it. Like if you not feeling it today, you can be like, I'm down. So we start off Patrick, how you feeling today? I'm feeling great. We just came back from Dell State last night. Yes. Late. But we still got to it. For those who don't know, I graduated from Delaware State University. Love my HBCU. So I go back often, like you know, whenever they ask me to, if I can accommodate, I try to, 'cause I know how important it's for the students to see somebody that's like really out here doing things that's not like 80 years old, up close and personal. So I went, they were honoring a lot of the student athletes. They have a lot going on with the athletic program.


The Sean Jackson is there now. He was there as well last night. If you wanna see some of that, we did do video so make sure you're following me on Instagram at Lauren, the YouTube where you guys are watching this, you know, check out, it'll be on YouTube as well too. And photos. We'll, we'll have photos posted. So that was, that was dope to be able to take, you know, Patrick to my HBCU. But Brandon, yes. How you feeling today? I'm Feeling activated. I know that's right. Yes, Yes. I'm feeling activated. You know I made, you know, a little a hundred dollars on the stock market. So now can you help me now listen, I'm not a financial advisor at all. I've been taking big losses. That's why. That's why today is a little different. But that's why You're excited today, huh?


Yeah. But I'm glad you feeling activated. I'm glad you stick it to your goal Summer. It's summertime you trying to have a gun out Little, little summer. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I feel good as well too. I think because the weather is warm, I'm feeling energized, which is ironic because we were out last night at Dell State. But yes, the weather is nice outside. My niece is here and she's gonna be at American Dream, so I'm gonna go over by, go by and see her. I'm just up. So, yes. Now let's get on into the latest. I would say we taking y'all to court, but again, this hasn't even made it to court yet. But you know, your girl love to take y'all to court, love to take y'all to court. Shannon Sharp just posted a statement to his Instagram.


The statement that he posted is actually of a screenshot of a text that he sent to someone. So it says, my statement is found here. And this is the truth. The relationship in question was a hundred percent consensual. At this juncture, I am electing to step aside temporarily from my duties at ESPN. I will be devoting this time to my family and responding to and dealing with these false and disruptive allegations set against me. I plan to return to ESPN at the start of the NFL preseason. I sincerely appreciate the overwhelming and ongoing support I have received from my family fans, friends and colleagues. Shannon Sharp. When is NFL preseason? Brandon? Usually in the summertime.


In the summer. So like around August, July. Oh, this summer, August. Yeah. Yeah. So he expect this to be over fairly quick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I could almost have predicted that this is what was going to happen. Yeah. Which is why I had been reaching out trying to, you know, figure out previously like was ESPN gonna make the call or was he, and not because I wanna see anybody out of a job. I think, I think in a matter like this, it is very unfortunate that you can't wait until something has actually been proven or disproven. Like guilty, not guilty. Like he can't keep his job until then. But it's just how it works with brands. Especially a brand like a ES, ESPN, Disney. Yeah, because those brands don't like Disney, like ES, esp, they, it's big money.


They wanna stay outta the muddy waters. And even though Shannon Sharp has not been proven guilty of anything that has been alleged against him, it's still a lot of conversation around the brand. Every single time he gets on television on that show, that's what you're gonna be thinking of. Yeah. Like people are like, well why is he I, why is he still there? Last night literally I was reading a Reddit, like a long conversation on Reddit and then I saw, you know, some conversation online on Twitter. And it sad to say the court of public opinion matters to these brands. Like they care about what their image is guilty or not guilty of. You're the person in question. And when I started to see these things, that's what made me reach out and say, Hey look, you know, because people are online talking about this, I'm starting to see more stories.


'cause there was a story that came out, I believe it was Yahoo, they did this story early Tuesday morning, the 23rd that Shannon Sharp was not let go from ESPN. Right Now since then, there has been more audio that has come out. There's been text messages, there's been a lot of conversation. The photo of the woman, the accuser in question has come out. There's been a lot, lot of online discourse as well because all of those things, Shannon Sharp posted a video, all that stuff, it makes it bigger, makes people talk about it more. And so it's unfortunate but it's not uncommon at all. And and, and it doesn't signal that he's guilty at all. It could honestly be a couple of things. What I predict that happened is ESPN needed to make a decision for their brand to protect their brand, to protect their shows and protect, protect their other talent because he's on First Take with Stephen A. Smith, which is unfair.


It puts everybody in a very unfair position. Yeah. So I get it. And, and and this is what happens. We were all in here when he posted the statement, it literally just happened. What y'all think of the statement outside of it being not a text from him, but a text to him. I think the statement is fair. I actually thought that was a good amount of time. You said the, the summertime, like NFL preseason time's low soon. I thought that's enough time to really figure out, you know, conclude everything that's going on or Got you. And then him come back and like a, a fresh slate. Hopefully he learns from this situation. I don know if wanna fan. Yeah. But he seemed very like green about all this, very naive about having all this recorded. If he is, if it's, this is just a situation him doing like BDSM and just that type of kink they have together.


Yeah. If that's the case, I think it's very negligent on his behalf to just have so much evidence. There was writing and audio of it. There was trust there. Yeah. And, and that's what it is for me. It's like, you know, as this developed and the story comes out. 'cause even in us talking about it in here today, I'm just trying to figure out where like if there was trust there as it seems to have been, where did that go wrong? If this is just a case of him, just, you know, that's how they get off. Right. Emini here, that's what makes it tricky. And to see like, there, there might be something way more to, to just to kink or just text messages. It's something way more on some side. I just wanted you to tell me, 'cause you said that in that article it mentioned 2023 to now, what else does it say?


That they had consensual sexual activity with Jane Doe about a hundred times in both Los Angeles and Nevada from late 2022 to January, 2025. I knew when I read the headline, I'm like, this has to be source somewhere close to, or you know what Emini here, something coming from Shannon Sharp's side because it's, they're trying to, you know, continue to push the narrative of and and just further expose the narrative of this was a consensual relationship according to Shannon Sharp. And, and this statement comes right after I literally had reached out to ESPN because reports had beginning, there were more reports that had began to happen about Shannon Sharp being let go from ESPN and them, you know, what Emini here saying, Hey, we're good off you.


So I reached out to sources, close to production over there just to figure out what's going on. Like, is this true? Because I, I see the reports and then people report that it's not true and then I see it again and like, what's, what's up? I need to know for myself. And what I was told was that, you know, Shannon Sharp at the time before he just announced that he's stepping away was on the, it was business as usual. He's there Monday, Tuesday, he's not there the rest of the week. And if anything changed, you know, we would know. We'll have to, you know, see what happens. But that's a long this's gonna be a long summer. Quick Question. What do you, what are your thoughts on people like from the outside kind of showing that they've like never been on his side or like everybody kind of dog piling him now with like maybe Matt Porn, Barnes audio came out, the Shaq, Darnell Rollins baby mama.


Like everybody's kind of like, you know, it's par for the course not flipping, but yeah, they, it is for the course. It's a crazy dog p going on. I think it comes with the territory. I'm not surprised at all. And I think more so it's like, I think people kind of think that it's funny like I'm saying a lot. Like there are a lot of people who are like, he's weird as hell. That girl is way too young. But the, the jokes that people are making, I'm like, and it's not jokes about what happened to the alleged victim. It's more so jokes about Shannon Sharp just doing too damn much. It's The hypocrisy, yo it is like him always like kind of coming at people for messing with younger women and making fun of them. And he's messing with a 19-year-old at the time, Early twenties took her out for first drink. Oh thought psych, psych, psych.


I don Dunno if, did I know that was thought when they started? No, 19 when they started though, for real. But now she's in her early twenties. Got you. Yep, yep. Yeah. And there's that Cat Williams video. I think we go, let's throw that on in here just for, you know, in One two, get with a white woman. 'cause I was scared she might have me running down the street like, Jonathan Dad, you gonna come on Cat? Not because I didn't like white women. I think white women are as great as any other women, but I'm not gonna act like I'm not scared of them. I have a reason to be scared. You could be king the conqueror and they could take your rabbit ass down in two weekends. And that's the truth of the matter. So it happens. You know what Emini here, especially when Kat Williams predicts your year. Yeah.


All right y'all, so moving on. This is the reason why I got Brandon here. Oh man. Don't say all me. And now, so Michelle Obama has a podcast. I've talked about her podcast. On this podcast. I enjoy it so much. I'm learning so much about her. But she's just really good at being vulnerable and transparent. And she has great guests. She had Taraji p Hinton on her podcast, her podcast, Michelle Obama's podcast it's called, in My Opinion. So they sit down with Taraji, they're talking about her career and the decisions that she's made. And Taraji has been very vocal about the spiritual journey that she went on. She talked about it when she came to The Breakfast Club as well, where she's learned a lot about herself and saying no and protecting her peace and you know, 'cause she was in a really dark place at one point.


So she's had to be more just protective of everything. And Michelle Obama starts having a conversation with Taraji about, you know, her saying no and her protecting her peace and her being able to speak out for herself and be vulnerable. This led into this conversation. Now I remember when Michelle Obama first made the comments, some of the comments she's referencing, let's go to the other YouTube video of her where she's sitting down at revolt with Angie Martinez and Kelly Rowland and Winnie Harlow and all of the girls. So this is back in December of 2022. Let's take a listen. It's Like there were 10 years. Well I couldn't stand my husband, You know, Say that, that you say 10 years. And guess when it happened when those kids were little, right?


Yes. Right. Because you know, you can be all great individually when you, when you're just married, you got your life, he's got his, you come together, it's all, ooh, good to see you. Bye. Take it easy. And then you have kids. I take it easy. Take that you're traveling, that's great. Good. I get to hang, hang out and watch the tv I wanna watch. Right. But the minute we had kids, it was like, where are you going and how far? And you start measuring, it's like, how many diapers did you change and oh, you are golfing. Yeah. Oh, you got time. Oh, you have time to go. How you at the gym? All the time. I had why you in my brain right now, I'm my, that's when all the measuring starts because you got this project and guess what, little kids, they're terrorists.


Brandon was pissed off at those comments. I'm not pissed off. It is a little frustrating listening to, to, right. So I'm listening at this one with Angie Martinez and Kelly Rowland and, and the rest of gang. So she was like, I hated my husband for 10 years. And, and if I heard right, Angie was like, yeah, you do say that. That's my issue. It's like, I feel like she says it a lot. Like she takes every opportunity to tell us how much you hated the greatest black man, one of the greatest black men to ever live. And it's just like, dang, what, what could we do? Like, I'm sorry if I don't have time to change diapers, I'm, I'm the lead of the free world right now. I gotta figure out, I gotta, you gotta golf, do the drone strike or no golfing is to take off some of the, the, the press I going through.


I don it just, it's just tough. I don't, I don't like, you know, the constant, you know, I feel like berating of Barack Obama that I see on, on her behalf. And it's because she's, she, she, she talks about when things are not perfect. Yes. Okay. So I can understand this intimate because I have male friends who also, you know, we have conversations about different things they deal with with the women that they're dating. Mm. The women that they're with. And a lot of times I get upset, I be like, do she know how much you're going outta your way and you this and you that? And I'm, I'm, you know what Emini here like, And I'm going through all the things as a friend or as a sister. Yeah. Because it's like I hear you doing everything you can do and it not being enough.


Yeah. And I think that's where your sentiment comes from, right? Yeah. Pretty much. It's like you worked, you know, to become the president of the United States as a black man is like, it still kind of feel like you're not doing enough, at least in the household. Like, I don't know what's going on in their marriage per se, but it was one part where she was like, everybody says I'm bitter for trying to humanize him. Yeah. I'm like, why does he need to be humanized if we have him? Maybe if we have him on some type of, maybe he's a symbol of hope for a lot of people. Or we put him on a pedestal and it's like, 'cause I'm like, there's kids who literally like growing up they didn't think like, nah, I probably can't be president, I'm black. Like it's a simple thought in passing. Yeah, it was. But it's like, if we hold him in that high regard, why do you have to bring him down and humanize him to us?


Like we know he's not perfect, but I don't think there's a need to constantly tell us how imperfect he's, What I'm hearing in the, the second clip with Taraji is that what she learned to do was she needed to create the space for her, her her husband. And in doing that, he's a human as well. He has flaws. He's not perfect, but he knows how to come back and get it right. And she knew that there were other women going through that. And I think if you, I think she probably felt like if I can humanize him, then maybe y'all take it a little bit easier on him. 'cause y'all see he's not perfect. He can't, no one's perfect just because he is that man that you look at that I'm a little black boy or even a little black girl now I think I can be the president because of Barack Obama.


Yeah. Yes. And that's amazing. But this man still has flaws. He's not the perfect dad. He's not the perfect husband. He might not be the perfect president, but he's always a trying dad. A a trying presidential. Like I think that's where it was coming from. But also too, I think that there's a lot of women, Kelly Rowland instantly was like, girl, you in my head it's a lot of people that probably could relate to that. I've hated you for 10 years. Doesn't sound like what you just said. No, I no, I I you're right. I completely understand what you're saying. But I don't know. I just feel like on the flip side, anytime he speaks of Michelle, it is just positive things. He writes paragraphs of how she's the greatest woman ever. I just wish she got some of the graces with what he's going through. You know, Emini Here. So you don't think that she ever speaks positively of him?


No, she does. She does. She does. Yeah, she does. She loves her me. But she does take a lot of opportunities to also speak negatively. 'cause she feels like we need to see his human side. I think men just view that type of vulnerability and conversation differently. And there don't get me wrong, it's some women that like, I don't know if I would've came out and said I hated my man for 10 years only because that Was a long ass, I would to hate somebody. But To her point she said Okay, they've been together for 32 years. 'cause she also said in this, in the same clip, and I've heard her say multiple times on her podcast. Right. If someone were to tell you, okay, you might not like this person outta 32 years. There might be 10 of those years that you put it all together that you're not gonna like this person. Right.


But the other years, you're in bliss, you're in peace, you're, and you're so in love. You gotta take the good with the bad. I get it. I get it. There is gonna be bad, but we don't need to know about it all the time. So Are you only saying that because he's the president or you feel like women in general what happens at home should stay at home? I think it's more so 'cause he's the president and like he probably has one of the hardest jobs in the country as a man is dope. When your girl feels like you, one of the dopest dudes out there, I'm like, why Can I feel like, why can't I feel like you dope? But like you really get on my nerves sometimes. Like, I really dislike you some days, but I, I I dislike you but I learn how to love you through the dislike at each phase of our life.


Like, I think that that's human. It's, you think that people that are married, first of all, do you believe that people can be married for 32 years and never step outside their marriage? I haven't been. What do you mean? Step outside? Like look. Yeah, I think so. Okay. So in doing that, because you believe that, do you believe that there's times within those 32 years that those people are going to not desire each other, not wanna be with each other? Not agree. And when I say not desire Emini here, physically, mentally, all of that, I understand that it's just a platform. It's publicly. I think we do need to hold certain people as, as a hope. I'm sorry. I I really think that's important for the greater good. It's, it's the precedent for you. Like what?


It's the presidency for you. What if Martin Luther King's wife kept talking about how much you cheated on the top? She said no, the movement is bigger than our marriage. She did Martin Luther King's wife, but it's also a generation thing. She is older than Michelle Obama. I think that losing Recipes, huh? I said we lose the recipes, we lose the, I I think because what's so crazy is Michelle Obama and Tracy Ellis Ross talked about this on the episode that we talked about prior to this. How as the generations come along, that's why Tracy Ellis Ross was saying she dates younger because she was saying that like younger men are just open to different ideas of what relationships and the rules of engagement should be.


Not engagement like marriage, but like just the how a relationship is set up. Yeah. Like we come from the era of what happens in the house stays in the house. Right. You not getting on a platform, talking about your man and nothing in general. Yeah. And I do, for me, I I'm gonna honor that. Mm. Like in, in the, especially because I'm on the, like I get, I get on the radio every day and even in the like the, the, the the small relationship stuff that I do talk about, I'm always thinking about how the other person will perceive that or how it can be taken for the other person. And I can't imagine if The World knew, you know what Emini here, like if I had a boyfriend and y'all knew who my boyfriend was and he is, you know what, Emini here out here doing his thing and then he gotta run into people that's like, oh yeah. 'cause Lauren was just saying, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. I think about that. But I think the younger that the generations get, you feel a certain type of freedom or power where it's like, it's empowering me to talk about this because now I feel like I don't got it. Like if Michelle Obama is ex Barack and we catch a little side eye, now we know why she don't like him every day. But she love him and don't say nothing to her man or to her about her man. She's, she's human. It's sanity at the end of the day. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what she was talking a lot about in this episode. It's like for her mental health, she had to learn how to say no. If I wanna talk about what goes on because it helps me to feel human and it helps The World to see him as a human. I gotta do it. And, And I'm not angry or bitter because of it.


Is there anything else you wanna yell at black women about today? So I don't wanna yell, be quiet. I don't like outside of our household. I don't like what else? That specific thing. You know what Emini here And I do want to acknowledge she probably went through a lot and we talked about it before and you yelled at me again that, you know, she probably had it hard like put having to put her career on this side and to solely be a mother and being in the public eye and she maybe wasn't ready for a lot of the things. So I, I'm not even downplaying everything she went through. I just don't, I I just, do you feel like Men's feelings are equally considered in relationships and marriages? Nah. And it's not all on y'all either. Like we, we downplay our feelings a lot too. So y'all wouldn't even think we about to end it all. But the nah, it's not, I don't think so.


I feel like I pick up on that more now. And that's why to me, when I hear her talking about humanizing Barack, I feel like it's almost like a method of protection. Like I want you to see him as the person I see him as. Yeah. Not just perfect. So that you can Yeah. So that he can get some empathy because he needs it. Because he probably goes through so much behind the scenes trying to keep things together. Y'all have to think about y'all feelings first. We think about our Emini here last, we think about our feelings first. Mm. I don't know, crying. The thought of like crying from the girl feels crazy. You never cried with any of your girlfriends or you like girls you was talking to. I Was in the bathroom. That's she, she heard me from outside that, that's closest. He was. And I, And I came out like Slide, slide it, slide Away from the door. I came outside.


But nah, Brandon, Brandon tried to put water on his face so when he came out he was just like, yeah, I have, Yeah, I gotta wash my face. Yeah. Then that's crazy. I don't want my man have to go and cry in the bathroom. I want you to be human. I want you to be vulnerable. I want you to be, you know, all of these things with reason though, like Asterisk. Here we go. Here's a here we go. Reason with Reason what you say Patrick? Asterisk condition. Yeah. No, not with a condition, but just like, okay, What's the list of things I can't cry about? Wait, if you seen your man cry watching a movie, you judging him I'm Best man holiday got me the best man holiday got me.


But my man would laugh at me crying at a movie. So why can't I laugh at him? Like it would be funny, like it would be like, oh look at you. And I would laugh, but when I say with reason, I just mean like, I don't want you to be so emotional that it's, it is like a, a, a hindrance. Not even a hindrance, but like you're emotionally unstable. You know what Emini here, where like have you ever dated somebody or dealt with people where it's like, like yes, granted things should have emotion. You should be able to feel, you should be able to be a person. But sometimes it's just like, whoa, did this equal all of that? Yeah. Like that type of thing. Like I want you to be able to feel and all of that, but I don't want, I don't wanna be your emotional punching bag is what I'm saying. And I think sometimes when you create space and create room for things, I just don't ever want it to be miscommunicated.


'cause I don't wanna, I don't wanna punching back nobody else. Like if I'm having a bad day, you not gonna have a bad day because I'm having a bad day is what I'm saying. So like emotion, but us knowing how to like navigate each other's emotions so that I'm helping you through it or I'm at least supporting you through it. Even if it's just like I'm sitting there in silence and we just like scrolling on our phones type of thing. Like, you know, I'm just, you calling me, you need to talk. And I'm just listening. But not like, okay now you throwing dark that darts my way because of something you experience because you know I'm there for you. And I don't think that it should be the other way around either. I don't think that it should be like that with women as well. And I've done that in my past as well too. So I'm being accountable or whatever. Believe Michelle Obama, Myone Brandon keep her name on Jamon. I I think very highly of Michelle Obama.


I just wish she thought highly of her husband too. It's like, whoa, We're gonna leave it on that one. And wrapping it up. What have we learned from today, y'all? This is the part where we kind of summarize everything that we have been talking about into like one overall. Like, all right, here's, here's today's takeaway. So we went from Shannon Club Shehe to Michelle Obama in Obama household. What did we learn today? Unc, you know, y'all really could learn how to control yourself. Like that's ridiculous. The things you doing is ridiculous. Or if you really need to get that off, you gotta be more disagree with it. But it's ridiculous. Michelle Obama, what I've learned from that is like I, from what you're saying is like the other side of it, the grace, you know, she may need and why she's lashing out as Lashing out is crazy.


That is not a good word. Why She's express herself lashing out is crazy Herself. Like she's on the leash, express herself, herself, why she's expressing herself in these ways. But yeah, I think there's different things you learn from both the stories you talked about. What I learned from all of this is there should be a golden rule. And I think that there probably is one I just don't know the quote for, but there, it should be golden to be able to protect your peace, your household, your reputation, your brand, just like how you're interacting with people and how you deal with an impression that you leave on the people you interact with and like how that echoes into The World. So I don't know what went down with Shannon Sharp and this girl or what didn't go down, but something wasn't protected somewhere on someone's side. And now we're getting all of this like, and it's, it's a, it's, it's not good.


And I think that, you know, just learning how to protect everything you've worked for. But that's, I don't know, that's kind of crazy to say because if if on the other side, like if what she's alleging is true, like if, right. Yeah, we not that, yeah, no, no, no. 'cause there's no way that, you know, you don't, you don't go somewhere like not trying to protect yourself from things like sexual assault. So yeah, I don't know. My answer feels crazy, huh? I was thinking on the flip side, my answer feels crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but nah, you should definitely, I don't even know what to say anyway. I don't, I don't know if, I don't know if I've learned anything from Shannon Sharp, so I'm gonna just leave that there. I think that that's just, I'm gonna just leave it there. But as far as Michelle Obama wallow tweeted this thing he tweeted, he said, too much exposure invites entitlement and too much access breeds disrespect.


When people feel they can reach you at any time, see you everywhere and speak to you however they want. They begin to forget your value. Mystery protects, respect, boundaries, protect peace. And I think, I think that it goes to your, your point of what you're saying about Michelle Obama and how she speaks out about certain things that go into, you know what Emini here. Yeah. But I also think that it speaks to what she's trying to say as well too. She's managing how people deal with her so that they deal with her in a way that is respectful and according and aligned to, you know, where her mentor was at. So that is it. That is all. But we had a good time. Brandon, thank you for joining us. No problem. I had a great time. Also. I probably didn't express myself in the best way this episode. But Then you gotta come back. You gotta, you gotta come back. You gotta come back.


So this has been the latest with Lauren La I am Lauren la your home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody tell you guys this every time because I want you to know Emini here it at the end of the day, you guys could be anywhere with anybody 'cause it be a lot going down, talking about all this stuff. But charge you to be right here with me every single episode. And for that, I appreciate you guys. I will see you in my next episode.