
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know, and there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there,


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


From producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res Ball. A new Netflix film Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team based their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player, the team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th, only on Netflix.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


It's The DONKEY Of the day. Put a DONKEY today. That's pretty funny. Charlamagne the Devil, Possibly The Breakfast. Club. Yes. DONKEY. Today for Wednesday, September 25th, goes to Chris Todd. Chris Todd is the man behind the publication of a book called Kim's Lost Words, A Journey For Justice From The Other Side. It is a 59 page book that as of yesterday, was number one on Amazon. It was Self-published on September 6th, but ever since Diddy was arrested, sales have gone through the roof. Now the book makes allegations about Kim Porter's relationship with Diddy says things like Diddy was begging for a Pagan.


He wanted to be Shut up. Shut up. I'm trying to be a serious journalist. Sorry, which is, that's your problem. I'm sorry. You know I'm trying to be a serious journalist. Ain't ain't nothing serious. A journalist about nothing over, Over, over. Listen, start over. Lemme get back. Lemme woo, Woo. Channel it from your inner thick thighs begging From the Pagan Go. Come on. Now. The book makes allegations about Kim Porter's relationship with Diddy says things like Diddy was begging for a Pagan, he wanted to be penetrated. I don't know how that helps to move the story forward, but it's there. Okay, what are some other things in this book? Lauren LaRosa, The book also alleges that Diddy had extravagant sex parties with high profile celebrities, including Oscar winners, that he recorded that Diddy allegedly recorded himself and very compromising situations, including an encounter with an 18-year-old male pop star who went on to become a household name.


It also alleges that he was physically violent to Kim Porter. It also alleges that Kim Porter had to make copies of certain tapes as insurance because she thought things would be used against her. These are all alleged in this book. Damn. Now, the way Chris Todd got this book, according to him, this is what he told Rolling Stone, he said two people allegedly close to Combs, and Kim contacted him about the book after claiming to have the late actress in Models hard drive, which he said he didn't question. He claimed they said they had her flash drive. I didn't ask too many questions about how they got it or where did it come from. And that right there is the problem. That is the problem I have. Okay. That right there is exactly what's wrong with this era. People get information and don't ask any questions about it.


He said he didn't ask about how they got it or where did it come from. Okay. It's salacious. It's shocking, and it will generate what money and attention that's all folks care about. Nowadays, we have all these conversations about combating misinformation. We wouldn't have to combat misinformation if people simply had some integrity, because I don't care how juicy a story is. I don't care how controversial a story is. First things first, you have to make sure it's true. You have to at least attempt to do some fact checking. Okay? Cite some sources. I was born in 1,978. I'm old enough to remember when we knew the difference between tabloid gossip and actual factual news and information. Those days are over, and the reason Chris Todd is getting DONKEY today is because he also told Rolling Stone Magazine, if somebody put my feet to the fire and they said, life or death, is that book real?


I have to say, I don't know, but it's real enough to me. Sometimes you have to just put it out there. What do you mean? It's real enough to me? Who are you f your feelings. Let's deal with the facts. Just because you believe something doesn't make it true. And on the flip side, just because you don't believe something, it doesn't make it false. By the way, you're listening to someone who would see the headlines as a kid like I had Bigfoot's Love, child You know. You'd be in the the, the, the the line at the grocery store with your mom and you see the tabloid And I had Bigfoot Lovechild. I will see those headlines and want to hear more, but that don't mean I believed it. That is not how this generation works though. If they see it on social media, if they see it on a website, it doesn't matter what the source is. It doesn't matter where it came from, who's saying it.


If they want to believe it, they will because nobody cares about the truth when the lie is more entertaining. Chris Todd goes on to tell Rolling Stone, maybe not a hundred percent of the book is true, but maybe 80% is what he said. That is. He said that that is to get those people to come forward and either corroborate or deny the claims. And that helps me as an investigator to know the truth. Chris, Todd, what the f are you even talking about? Okay. Don't try to make this some moral righteous release as if you're putting this book out because you want people to corroborate or deny claims a real invest, a real investigator with take this book and if there's something to be investigated, if there are leads to be had, then they would go and collect real evidence to build their case.


Chris, you just trying to make money off a hot topic, knock it off, and you don't care about who you hurt in the process. And this ain't about Diddy, okay? This is not about Diddy at all. This is about the legacy of Kim Porter. I didn't know Kim Porter sat next to her once at a Dave Chappelle comedy show. One of her best friends is one of my favorite people on the planet. Marvet Brittle drop on a clues ball from Marvet Brittle. But I do know that if I was Kim And, I was resting in peace, if there was some words that I allegedly left behind, I would want them to be my words. Okay? Why? Because I got young kids who have to read this stuff. Can you imagine how traumatic that must be for the babies? The fact that the kids had to release a statement? Can you read some of the statement, Lauren? The statement says, claims that our mom wrote a book are simply untrue.


Our lives were shattered when we lost our mother. She was our world and nothing has been the same since she passed. We are deeply saddened that The World has made a spectacle of what has been the most tragic event of our lives. Our mother should be remembered for her beautiful, strong, kind, and loving for the beautiful, strong, kind, and loving woman she was. Her memory should not be tainted by horrific conspiracy theories. Yeah, I mean, people believe everything they read on the internet except the truth. And. I'm not even mad at people that are misinformed. I'm more upset about the people who willfully misinformed him. Chris Todd said himself, I don't know if this is real yet. He still put it into The World with no regard to Kim Porter's legacy, no regard to how this will impact the kids. All he could think about was capitalizing off the current news cycle concerning Diddy.


And he's not the only one I am all for exposing the truth. But you have to know it's the truth. And the thing I've learned about the truth in my life is that the lies are always loud. The truth is always quiet. And it was like that before social media, but social media now just amplifies the lies even louder. According to People magazine, Kim Porter's family is pursuing legal options. Her lawyer calls the memoir Fake and shameless. I, I hope they sue. Even If, you don't get anything because there might not be anything to get. Sometimes you just have to make examples outta people. Most of the time folks You know, don't sue. It's because it costs money to to sue. It costs time to sue and you spend all this money and all this time and don't get nothing back. But every now and then, you just have to prove a point.


And that's what I want everyone to understand. Can you afford to lie? Can you afford to not have something be actual and factual? I know YouTube and these podcasts make you feel like you can say whatever you want, but please always remember free speech is not free. And there is a cost for every single word you utter and If you can't afford to lie. Please shut the F up forever. Please let Remy ma give Chris Todd the biggest. He haw. He haw, he haw you stupid. Mother, are you dumb? Mm. That's sad. It is sad. Very Sad. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY. Today There's only like, there's only one thing I would wanna believe in this book.


What is that sir? I don't want to say it. What is that? That's what is that? It's just You know. It's this little, little rhyme. What? What's that? Begging for a pagan. That's all you care about. Brad, you been going off with the sound effects First of all, And you and you going look around like you didn't you? You let him right to it. You look so surprised. Whoa, Whoa. Like you ain't know it was coming your way. I had no idea. Let me hold my poll. Santo, please. Jesus. Alright. Alright. That's like that at 4:00 AM Next time y'all. He's been off all day. I don't know what's Going on for Pagan is crazy. All Right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Now let's open up the phone Ride paid, boy. All right.


You want be pegged to stop who side begging for the Pagan You. You don't like the people who beg you. You want them to just, it's just a text message conversation for where you at with the Begging for it is crazy. Regardless of who's begging for. Just begging for it. Please peg me. God dang. Can we save That audio? Do you have that audio? Thank You. Alright. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


A Lot of pros to drink in Health. Eight Kombucha, no cons that I can think of. Pro amazing Taste Pro pairs. Well with anything Pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple, Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors, it's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha. Today,


When you think about energy drinks, you probably think about physical performance. But what If you could have a mental edge too, don't Quit, is one of the only energy drinks on the market that contains a powerful ingredient called Cognizant that has been clinically studied to improve your focus, attention, and overall brain health. That's why Don't Quit is one of the fastest growing energy drinks in the country. Don't let the wrong ingredients knock you down. Fuel your perseverance with don't quit energy drinks. Get yours now at Amazon,


Wherever you are in The, World. It's an exciting time in politics. Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mais and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs And the news agents USA in the Race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on global players.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.