(0s):
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.

(30s):
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.

(58s):
I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok

(1m 23s):
at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.

(1m 52s):
We wanna know how you came up with the DONKEY day Tell, because you're me. I'm not, what did I do? I don. There's a bunch of donkeys out here in the street. That is why Charlamagne here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offended, we never will say it. It. Hey, give it to give it to him on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne to God, it's a DONKEY. That was mother. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY today? To who now? DONKEY. Today for Thursday, April 24th goes to a 27-year-old Ohio man named Mackay.

(2m 32s):
I Swinder. Now, who in here had to wash dishes as part of their chores growing up? Raise your hand. Okay. Who in here enjoyed washing dishes as a child? Raise your hand. I'm lying. Yeah, I know you lying. All your kids raise. Okay. They enjoyed, He likes drying the dishes. He don't like washing 'em. Well, just when you didn't want to wash dishes, what did you tell Ms. Robin? I don't wanna wash dishes mine, but I will so I won't get popped. Okay. Did you ever have an argument with her about not wanting to wash dishes? Hell no. Because you know she bust that ass. Period. Yes. Okay. Envy, I'm show you. Make the kids wash dishes. They all raise their hand. Yes. Have they ever rebelled against you and said, nah dad, that ain't happening. No.

(3m 12s):
What about Maddie Logan? No. Neither. None of 'em. No. I don't believe that. None. Logan bucked back at least once. Definitely didn't. Okay. I don't believe you. Well those are all constructive, productive ways to deal with your kids when you want them to do what it is you want them to do when you want them to wash dishes. But even, you know if you do that, okay, if you do that, some kids still ain't going. You know what I'm saying? Some kids just not gonna do what it is you want them to do. And Mackay e Swinder is one of those kids. See a dispute that started over dishes ended tragically. Let's go to WW NY seven news for the report, please. Nearly the first thing out of Mackay swindlers mouth on the phone with dispatchers and admission. I'm, I'm Not gonna lie, I just killed my father.

(3m 54s):
Wait, what? I killed my dad. What do you mean by you killed your dad? Like he's dead. We're learning what led up to the violent incident. Marysville Police had been to this house earlier in the day responding to a dispute between Mackay and his father. 59-year-old Joe Swindler. A police report shows the issue started over a dispute over doing the dishes. This caused a verbal conflict. Hours later, another call to the home from Mackay who said he stabbed his father with a knife. The dispatcher asked him Why God, God told me to. God told you to. Yes. Yes ma'am. Okay.

(4m 34s):
I had orders, Kaya swindler was in court this morning where prosecutors called him dangerous and requested that he be held. You wish me to consider, and Sometimes I wonder if these are the effects of gentle parenting. Sometimes I wonder if we have to bring back beatings. Okay? I used to have to pick a switch. Nothing makes you understand the consequences of your actions like having to pick your own switch because you know you did something wrong and now your parent or grandparent is leaving it up to you to decide what your punishment is. And if you go and bring back a switch that's not big enough. Now they go get the switch and you don't want them to go get the switch. So it just gave you a level of accountability for the things that you did. And when you get beat with a switch you picked, you really understand that you caused this on yourself. Jess, you said you never bucked back at Ms.

(5m 15s):
Robin 'cause you knew she would. What? Beat my ass. What you talking about? That's all I'm saying. Now, I don't know if Whippings would've stopped this young man Mia from being a stone cold killer, but I highly doubt his dad wanted to go out like this. Okay. Mackay said he put his dad out of his misery. Actually son, I just wanted you to wash the dishes. Okay? Now, when this young man Mackay says, God told me to, one of my favorite movies growing up was frailty. You should watch it if you never have. So I understand how that could be true, but Maiah and to anyone out there listening to me, lemme tell you something. Whenever you think God is, you know, telling you to do something that you know will, will cause hurt to somebody or you know it'll end up with somebody being dead or end up with you in prison for the rest of your life.

(5m 60s):
Please understand that Satan has a kingdom too. Okay? I think we often forget that if we give Satan attention, he will give us direction. Mackay, somewhere along the way you gave your attention to Satan, you submitted your will to him, and he told you to kill your father. And now you charged with one count of murder. And where you going chores are not optional. Okay? You gonna be cleaning, you gonna be doing food preparation, you gonna be doing laundry, washing other people's drawers. You gonna be doing maintenance and you probably gonna be doing what Kanye was doing to his cousin until the age of 14. And the irony is you might get stabbed and killed if you don't. Please give miah eye. Swinder the biggest. He haw.

(6m 43s):
Mm. And it's crazy that he didn't wanna take his dad orders to simply wash the dishes, but he'll listen to the voice in his head that he said. Was God telling him to kill his dad? Yeah. Killing his dad Took way more, way more energy. Yo. What is his last Name? Swinder. Oh, you wanna play a game? Yeah. Let's play a game of guess what races. Okay. Alright. Mackay, I Swinder of Ohio killed his father because of a dispute over washing the dishes. Jess, hilarious. Guess what races? I wanna say white, but your name. Aya. Ah, mixed For Real.

(7m 23s):
You black and White. Do we have a mixed one? Play more? Same Time, Jake. Damn. Okay. Alright. DJ Envy Mackay. Swinder killed his father over a dispute, over washing dishes. Guess what? Races Swipe. Well, I'm, I'm gonna be honest with you. Oh boy. Hmm? Envy's wrong. Oh, he's not right. I don't know if Jess is wrong. Hmm. Lemme see. Jess might be half right 'cause I don't know if he's, he, he's, see, he look, he look Miami black, he black. Let me see. But he could be mixed.

(8m 3s):
Oh on. I'm just saying Mackay gave it away. Mackay? Yeah. Is he Mac? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, he's black. He definitely black. He black. He Got a rod wave right? Yes he does. He Yes. Yeah, he's black. He definitely like Rod waves. Mackay? Yeah, Makay was a black man. But Ain't he from Florida? No, he from Ohio. Ohio. He just looked, he looked, see He said Ohio Black. I doesn't know black people in Ohio, but I'm like he Ohio and then he killed his parents. That's like a white Thing to be washed Emini here, you know, washing dishes, wash dishes, dishes. Oh yeah. Yeah. I knew but I the Aya gave it away. Yeah, you black. Damn. All right, well thank you for that dog here today. Up next Jess, fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you having relationship issues or any type of issue, call Jess right now.

(8m 45s):
Should help you out with all your problems, call up (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.

(8m 51s):
The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.

(9m 8s):
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.

(9m 36s):
Top reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects, and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.

(10m 6s):
Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.

(10m 36s):
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.