
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something, or just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Charlamagne to God, it's a DONKEY. Oh man. Charlamagne, you giving DONKEY today? Who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY Today for Wednesday, February 26th goes Deshaun Simpson. Sean Simpson is a 16-year-old North Carolina tee teenager who broke down in tears after in court after being charged as An Adult For Murder. Let's go to Fox 46 for the report please. Sean Simpson came into Gaston County Court at points wiping away his tears as he stood before a judge, just 16 years old. He's being charged with first degree murder as an adult. That's as a result of a law change that went into effect in December, which allows teens his age to be charged as an adult in certain crimes.


Hmm. There was a realization that during this proceeding that the gravity was hitting him a grand jury indictment that could come in the near future. And a moment that hit when a judge told him that he would not be seeing freedom anytime soon. Court May as a hold without bond. Court finds sufficient allegations to support the charges. Charges being order held without mom. But it was something that Quaia Dawkins family says they needed to be here for Simpson accused of killing Dawkins. Sunday night along Chester Street, Simpson also accused with attempted first degree murder involving another victim. Dawkins family says he was going to get medical supplies for his mother when he was killed. I would say this is a teachable moment, but I've been alive 46 years And I haven't seen too many of you learn yet.


Okay. All of these are rerun. Sadly, I don't understand why we aren't breaking this cycle. I don't understand why we aren't learning Emini here. Truthfully. This is me at 16 or 17. Of course I never killed anyone, but I've been in dumb ass situations like this. When I was 16 or 17, I went to jail for assault and baddy with intent to kill. Okay? The charge got changed, the point in presenting a firearm, but I was literally just in the backseat of a car and one of my homies shot at another car. Just dumb. And young and reckless wasn't about nothing. Just teenage kids who don't really know any better. I wrote about it and my first book, black Privilege Opportunity comes to those who create it. And the reason I'm telling this story is because when my homie shot, there was three people in the car. The bullet hit the headrest of deceit. Nobody was sitting in the empty seat behind the passenger seat.


But what if that seat wasn't empty? Then I go to jail for accessory to murder unless I snitched, which I probably would have. My point is, trouble is easy to get into and hard to get out of. And none of us have the time stone from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Okay? The time stone allows to use it to control time, you can rewind fast forward, travel through time. When you see this young man Sean Simpson break down like that in court, don't you think he wish he had a time stone so he could rewind the time and not do what he did? Of course he would. Of course. Okay. Sean and the young man he killed Quaia. Dawkins had a fight according to People Magazine the previous year at Ashbrook High School.


I don't know who won to fight, but it clearly wasn't Sean. And guess what? Kids, you gotta learn to take an ass whipping, okay? Because these are just all hypotheticals. I'm about to spew. But if you fight, get your ass whipped, even if it goes viral. So what? Okay, when anger rises, think of the consequences. Would you rather go viral because you got your ass beat in school? Or would you rather go viral because you in the courtroom getting charged with murder? And then when you get charged with murder, you looking like Simba screaming, screaming out after Mufasa got trampled by the wildebeest. Okay? This is exactly what Simba felt in that moment. A mix of shock, grief, and disbelief. But the grief you feel spending the rest of your life in jail, 'cause you're getting charged as an adult, isn't the same as the grief quaia his mother feels.


So, I don't feel bad for you, okay? I'm sad about the situation because two young black men aren't gonna have a future. And society, you know, keeps failing these young men. I read that Sean is being held in the Gaston Adolescent Center where he has been undergoing treatment, okay? The center treats children and adolescents that have significant emotional and behavioral difficulties. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but why wasn't he getting this treatment before he committed a murder? I guess I still gotta say allegedly, but allegedly, okay. There had to be signs, there had to be some type of disciplinary issues at home and in school, but those signs were clearly ignored. But of course we don't get people help until it's way too late. And that's what I'm sad about.


Okay? These things could be prevented, but I don't feel bad for Sean. Okay? Because Quaia was walking to a store to buy items for his disabled mother. And that's when Sean saw him. That's when Sean shot him. Okay, listen to me read what it says. Okay, this, this is what it says happened in People Magazine. I'm gonna read this and you tell me what movie this sounds like Quaia and his friend Walking the Family Dollar to get items for Quaia, his mother, a black Tesla drives past and a boy in the backseat identified as Sean Simpson shouts something out the window. Quaia and his friend began to run. When the car returns again, Sean Simpson allegedly starts shooting from the back. And that's how Po Quaia got shot and killed.


What movie does that sound like? Boy, in the dance World, I was ready to say boy in the hood, Ricky. Okay, but this ain't no movie dog. Okay? Quaia is dead for real because Sean Simpson made a choice that he is clearly now regretting and that he clearly can't change. And destiny is not a matter of chance. It's always a matter of choice. And I'm sad that Sean Simpson didn't make a better choice. But I'm not moved by Sean Simpson's tears. I'm not moved by his outburst in court. You know why? Because I know Quaia Dawkins mother is crying way harder than Sean ever will. Okay? There is a quote and the quote is, everyone makes mistakes in life, but that doesn't mean they have to pay for them for the rest of their life.


Kids. I want to tell y'all that quote is a lie, okay? Yes. Everyone makes mistakes in life. And depending what that mistake is, you will probably pay for it for the rest of your life. Literally in first degree murder in North Carolina, it is absolutely a life sentence. Please give Sean Simpson the biggest. He all 16 years old, man. 16. That's crazy. 16 years old. That's crazy. But for me it was him breaking down like, Oh, realizing what it Is. Yeah. Like, you know, too late. Nah, it is it too late? You know, you out here trying to be a yn, you about to go to jail and be a YB that Nope, I'm sorry.


I don't, I I do not be feeling sorry for like, yo, come on. Like that little boy not here no more. Right? This is all because you, you couldn't just fight 'em, you couldn't just keep fighting them. Just that's, ain't that how it used to be back in the day, you, before you go get a gun, you keep fighting until you win or whatever. Just, Well, Emini here. People used to come back blasting too. We used say, we used to say the same thing back in the day. I think now it's heightened. Yeah. I, 'cause it's just recorded and goes viral. Not The World sees it. It was as opposed to just your hood. Yeah. But it happens often. Like almost every day happens. Happens a lot more a lot now days it seems Like guns are more accessible. Yeah. Like, like what, what was at A higher rate? Right. You know, because growing up you probably only, well I, I'm from New York. Country is a a lot different. But you might have only known one person with a gun.


Yeah, yeah. Or, Or maybe two people with a gun. I'm not about to say. Or You was even scared. Yo, honestly like scared. I don guns The World. Have Y'all lived in, we didn't have guns. And then if in New York you'd automatically get, I think it's two years or three years in prison if you were found with a gun. So I'm 46 years old. Gun violence has been going on since the beginning Of time. It has. But I didn't know. Now it seems like every kid has a gun. Like, like, and not just small guns. Emini here, ar Emini here, shotguns, Emini here, Emini Here. Like somebody extended click. Everybody had to Grow up just like you or something. Like we, the Country's a little different. 16 acting like this is a new conversation. No, we Not acting like this is a new conversation. This is not a new conversation. We Just don't all have the same Gun. No, no. Gun violence has been going on since the beginning of time.


And even it has, and by the way, I just mentioned one movie will be boys in the hood, right. I this is the same scenario for men of society too. Society dude get beat up and he come back blasting. This is life sadly. Yeah, I understand. And that's why I, the cycle doesn't ever break. This has been going on for a long, long time. I'm not gonna sit here and tell that lie. Like, you know that gun violence has not been prevalent for, for a long time. It has, but it seemed like it's gotten worse in the last, last couple of years. Absolutely. It's just when somebody who's got a different opinion respect it and shut up. Or Maybe we just care more. 'cause we're adults now. 'cause think about it, when you were two, when we was young, we used to glorify it when we was young. You kind of used to celebrate it a lot. Right? That's just the fact of the matter. Well let's, let's open up the phone lines about this kid.


(800) 585-1051. Do you feel bad for this kid? He's 16 years old. He allegedly shot two teens. He's not gonna be charged as a a a a child. He's gonna be charged as an adult. He broke down in court yesterday crying. So you, you, you can tell where his, his mind frame is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. Yeah, Let's Discuss. You feel sympathy. Do you feel sad for this young man? Something failed. I feel sad for the situation of the cycle That never seems to, to end. I'm sad for the little boy mother when not here. Definitely. That's, that's part of the cycle. Let's, let's, let's, Yeah, but that's, that's who I'm, I'm sad for. Let's Talk about it. We'll take phone calls, we'll talk about it in death when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning


DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club Ready to celebrate The magic of live music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovering is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.