
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help seek therapy? Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delaware Lindo with a father out of prison, a son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page needs to pull our family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unpr. All episodes are now streaming only on Hulu.


Okay, you say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says We got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details.


Most deals are burly worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung song, galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting Changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series. Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for Details@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member fin run. S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


I never heard on DONKEY the other day. What is it? What Common DONKEY. Say it again. Charle man. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, DONKEY. You're a DONKEY, y'all so Don. Everything and Charlamagne is saying its truth. Yes. DONKEY today for Friday, August 2nd goes to a 41-year-old Florida woman named Lauren Riley. Now, what does your uncle Charla always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida, and today is no exception. I believe Florida is the actual internet. You ever be online and see some of the most mad, insane, deranged nut ass things happening and say to yourself, where is this?


Okay, this can't be the earth I live on. I feel like 95% of those things we see like that online come from Florida. Therefore Florida is the actual internet. Now y'all know what a charcuterie board is, right? You know what the charcuterie board is? Charcuterie board, of course. Yeah. That's like the meat and cheese. Yeah, yeah. Olives, stuff like that. French fruit, French appetizers, they call 'em. They got the selection of preserved meats and cheeses, which you like the meat envy and it's got like other tasty things. You know arranged on like this wooden board or stone slab meat is pretty good. Yeah, I know, I know. So Lauren was busted with what can only be described as a crack coterie board. The reason it's a crack coterie board is because she had a smorgasbord, okay?


A spread of crack meth and pills, all she was trying to get hired and one of future's holes. Okay? Unlike that future said, all my hoes do shrooms. All my hoes do coke. Personally, I think future should get new holes, but if that's what he's into, Lauren is taking it to another level because she does crack meth and pills. Now, addiction is a disease, so I wouldn't give someone DONKEY today for that. But the drugs arteries, and she's getting the biggest he haw seat. Lauren was sitting in the passenger seat of a car when her friend was pulled over in St. Petersburg for failing to wear a seatbelt. At 11:30 AM on Saturday, a state trooper allegedly saw Lauren reaching for something on the passenger side floor. And then the trooper spotted a small burnt piece of tinfoil.


A piece of tinfoil isn't nothing but a air fryer for crack. So when the cops saw that air fryer for crack, he asked Lauren to step out the car. Then he searched her purse, and in that purse was the crack, the meth, the pills. And she had that whole crack coterie board in a container. And on the container she had it marked written, put in black and white, committed to ink on the container. I'm not making this up, it said Bag of Drugs. Lauren had a pouch in the car that literally said Bag of Drugs on it. Okay? And so she had 3.25 grams of cocaine, 1.75 grams of crack and one gram of crystal meth.


Not to mention 4.5 pills of an anti-anxiety drug. 1.5 opioid pills and two pills of an A DH ADHD stimulant along with drug paraphernalia like a metal spoon, a syringe, and four glass pipes. Now I need to know how many bags do you own, Lauren? How many bags do you have that look alike that you had to label one Bag of Drugs and even If? you don't have any bags that look alike. Why did you need to write Bag of Drugs on the pouch? Now, I am a person who does edibles, okay? I do them for my anxiety. I do them to relax. I know my dosage. 10 milligrams. I'm good. I'm sharing that to say never in my days of doing drugs or selling them, have I ever had to label something Bag of Drugs. This is the type of stuff my wife does at the house.


You know, you go in the bathroom, things are labeled You know you got your toiletries, your dental stuff, soap, You know, just like things are labeled in the kitchen, bread, snacks. But one thing I have never, ever, ever, ever have a seat in my history of life is someone having a Bag of Drugs labeled Bag of Drugs. That sounds like something that would be on a bag from a clothing store called the High Street Boutique, our dose of style or our restaurant, the dose diner, the crack cafe. Lauren was charged with drug and paraphernalia possession and she has since been released from the county jail. No need to try to make sense of any of this. Ladies and getman, just know it's Florida. Please give Lauren Riley the sweet sound to the Hamiltons You the you the day.


Yeehaw. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today, sir.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club


At public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% a p is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA And, I C, not a bank, not investment advice.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mitre.org/careers.


Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chason featuring Megan Trainor out today Saying, I'm done. You. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to chase him for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Hello, it is Ryan, and we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You, know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply


for 25 years. BrightView Senior. Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.