
At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to All Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate. Use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out.


You can learn more by following at what's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norbit and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neville. Don't be out here acting like a DONKEY. Ke high bitch te high. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlamagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say all this mouth gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean I'm mean Who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that Don Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the day right there at The Breakfast Club. Bitches, you can call me the DONKEY of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Yes DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, April 1st. April Fool goes to an Augusta man named Chris Lewis. Okay? Chris is 24 years old and he was arrested for leaving his kids at a McDonald's while he attended a job interview.


I repeat He was arrested for leaving his kids at a McDonald's while he attended a job interview. Hey, we listen. We don't judge, I'm lying, we judging. Let's go to Fox 26 Houston for the report. Police. A Job interview ends badly for a man in Georgia. Chris Lewis was arrested March 22nd. Police say he left his kids in a McDonald's by themselves while he went to an interview for a job. He reportedly told police he did not have a car and lived nearby. Lewis said, instead of making his three kids who are one, six and 10 years old, walk home alone, he decided to make them stay in the restaurant. What we know is he was there from four, the kids were there from four 30.


He returned at six 18 and then the mother was on the way as well. But we don't know if she was called by police or him after the fact or if she was on the way. Anyway, He was 24 and he has a 10-year-old. So he had a that child. A 14. Yes. Hey, do you know how young 10, six and one are? Okay, I have a 9-year-old, a 6-year-old, and a 3-year-old. I don't like leaving them alone in the family room while I'm upstairs. Nonetheless, dropping them off at a McDonald's restaurant while I attend a job interview. Now I know some of y'all are out here, you know, out there thinking, well, at least he was gonna do something productive like going on a job interview. Well, if that's what you think, you are missing the entire point. Okay? The issue here is the fact that Chris left his 10, six and 1-year-old unattended at a McDonald's, okay?


A witness reported seeing him with his children around 4:30 PM The witness also observed him leave the restaurant returned later before leaving again. And then when he came back at the restaurant around 6:18 PM that's when he was detained by officers. That's almost two hours that he left his kids unattended at a McDonald's. Anything could have happened in that two hours kidnapping. Let's start there. Okay, medical emergency. What if one of the kids hurt themselves and needed a media attention? People in McDonald's not paying attention. That's not a damn daycare. They in there making fish filets and making sure the quarter pounders are pounding. Why would they be paying attention to your kids? Now the news report said the child's mother arrived shortly after and took the children from the restaurant. Why couldn't they have been with the mother to begin with?


Don't nobody got no grandparents, no aunts. Where your parents at? Chris, I'm not judging, I'm just asking questions. I'm trying to understand your thought process here. Okay? I'm trying to understand why you thought this was okay. You didn't even try to slip one of the McDonald's employees a couple of dollars to say, Hey bro, I gotta run to this job interview real quick. Can you just watch my kids for a second? That wouldn't have been the right thing to do either, but it would've been better than just leaving them there unattended. Now Chris, I don't want you to think I have zero empathy for you. I do. I understand. You know it, it's a hustle. Times are hard. Everything costs, daycare is no joke. You know, babysitter prices are no joke. You probably didn't even have the money to offer anyone you know to watch your kids, okay?


Trying to secure employment to provide your family, provide for your family. That's commendable. Round of applause for that. Okay? But what's our job is meant? Our job is meant is to protect and provide. I put protect in front of provision for a reason because the safety of our kids, the safety of our families comes before anything else. Okay? I can figure anything else out. I've been broke before. I can get to the money in some way. I can deal with that. But your baby's being hurt because of your negligence. I, I, I can't live with that. Okay? There is no job you could possibly acquire on this planet that is worth more than the safety and wellbeing of your kids. Let's Just say, Chris, you got the job, you all excited, you rushing back to McDonald's, happy as hell.


Okay? You get there, kids going, somebody done snatched them up. Tell me if that job is worth it. Then what if you would've got back and you pull up and there's ambulances everywhere, okay? Because the 1-year-old done suffocated in the pit of plastic balls. You tell me if that job interview you went on was worth that, okay? There are resources and community programs designed to help parents in these situations. I did some research and by research all Emini here is Google. Okay? You could have called Family Promise of Augusta. They got a cost-free childcare center. Now, from what I read, they help homeless families, but I'm sure they could have helped you too. I'm just saying there had to be other options, okay? McDonald's menu has 145 items.


That's 145 different things to choose from. Why am I saying that? I'm saying that because if McDonald's has 145 items, if they have that many options, then us as humans have to give ourselves more options too. I'm sure you could have found at least one more option other than dropping your kids off at McDonald's. That can't be the plan A and the only plan period. Okay, let's hope this serves as a lesson to all parents before you make poor choices like this. Seek out support systems and plan accordingly when you're faced with these kind of challenges. Because nothing and Emini here, absolutely nothing is worth jeopardizing the safety of your children. Please give Chris Lewis the biggest hee-haw.


Am I tripping? Nah. Okay. No, I tell you when you are, but nah, you, you're not. He, he deserves DONKEY, but he doesn't deserve to be arrested. Come on. What are you talking About? I, I'm gonna tell you why. Right? Because you, because you said a lot of stuff that we don't necessarily know about. Maybe he had a babysitter in play and last minute the babysitter canceled and he's trying to do right? He's trying to get a job and maybe he thought, you know what, not to say that this was a smart decision. Yeah, but let me try. It's not like he was going to the club. It's not like he was at the mall shopping. It's not like he was at a chick house or he smoking some weed or selling some dope. He was trying to better his life. Now the decision he made was stupid. But now he gets this, he's now, he's arrested for this.


Now is this on his record now? He can't get a a good job because that's on his record. It is Eff Emini here. Child Negligence will definitely be, Yes, It is effed up and it is foul. It's not a way of thinking, but he broke the law. But as a community, you know what Emini here, we should have certain graces when it comes to certain things. Like I said, if he was at a club, yes, lock him up. If he was at the mall shopping, if he was smoking weed, selling crack, if he was at a chick house, lemme ask you a question, but he was trying to better his life. If Something, if something were Oh, go ahead. No, I'm just saying why not take them to the actual interview Then? He said he didn't want them to walk. I'm sorry. He didn't Have a Car to walk. He would've to walk with the kids. So lemme ask you a question. If something would've happened to the kids, would you still feel that way? If, if the kids would've got kidnapped, if one of the kids would've suffocated in the, in the, in the playin, would you still feel that Way?


It would've been a sad situation. But Would you still say he shouldn't have been arrested? I don't, no, I don't think he would've been arrested. 'cause he's not doing it on purpose. He's really trying to better his life in, in the circumstances with life. Hit him. Hey man, you know what Emini here? Like he, he like think about it like this. Let's say he did have a babysitter. Let's say he did and the babysitter canceled last minute and he's trying to get a job. It's not like he's doing something Illegal. That mean you leave your 10-year-old. It's not right. I'm not saying it's Smart and your 1-year-old unintended Some, I'm not saying it's smart, I'm not saying it's the right decision or a smart decision, but that man is trying to better his life and we've all been to a place where it is Fd up. Sure, but what that got to do with the safety of your children. You are right. I don't care how much you trying to, I wouldn't come to jail. Listen, he broke the law. I don't know nothing about that. But my point is you can't say this man is trying to better his life.


You can't put, you know, you being unemployed over the safety of your children. Right. The safety of your children First. I'm saying this is a smart decision. I just don't think he should have went to jail for it because They gonna walk with me. I get he ain't want them to walk. Yes. All right, well I'm gonna carry you until I get tired. Then your little brother gonna hold you. Then I'm gonna pick you back up. Something like I, they're gonna be with me at this job interview because that may entice the job that the people to give him the job even more. That right? I'm not, This guy's bringing his kids. I Don't want him here. No, listen, I just don't think you should jeopardize the safety of your children. I agree. And the pursuit of employee. I agree. A thousand Mr. And I can't say I can. I can't say, I can't say he shouldn't be Arrested. Let's open up the phone lines. Let's discuss (800) 585-1051. This young man, he's 24 years old.


He had a job interview. He left his three children in McDonald's while he did the job interview. The ages of his children are one six in 10. He was arrested for it. Do you think he should have been arrested? Don't get a day. Yes, they they have. Did He take any, did he tell anybody in McDonald's? Look y'all. Did he put them on point? Like do he know them? Like if he, you know what I'm saying? Is that In McDonald? Did he go to all the time? When's The last time he been to McDonald's with a ball pit? I don't know. 'cause all of 'em this one Of the last corporate, They all look like urgent cares now. Like it's like, And you know why they got rid of the ball pits? Hmm. Because they were dangerous. Yeah. Yeah. Because they were safety hazard as the kids. And that's where you leave your children. You Played in it when you was a kid. I played it when I was Played in no goddamn ball pit when I was a kid and they Had A ball pit in South Monk's corner.


I'm sure they did, but I don't have a plan in them. But they have child neglect laws for a reason. Alright, this was child negligence y'all. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss it. The Breakfast Club. Good morning, let's go to Breakfast Club Court.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a BS premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting Emini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Are you Still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.