
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Football fans. Picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with bet mg m's. Second chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score. Second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score with be MG m's. Second Chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Reward vary. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You Could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They Should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne, who got the DONKEY of today? Today, Yes. DONKEY Today for Thursday, December 19th, goes to a man named Justin Ray Donaldson of Anderson County, South Carolina, SLU to everyone from my home state of South Carolina, dropping on a cruise bomb for South Carolina. I'll be down there tomorrow for the grand opening of Crystal and Orangeburg. Ribbon cutting is at 10:45 AM all the festivities will be from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM My guy DJ Frosty will be providing the soundtrack. So I'll see y'all tomorrow at Crystal and Orangeburg. 1486 Chestnut Street. But right now we talking about Anderson County and there's some nefarious things that play in Anderson County simply because scammers come in all shapes, sizes, and forms.


Okay? Scamming has no color, scamming has no sexuality, scamming has no religion. A wham bam, thank you scam can happen at any moment and that's why you always gotta have your guards up because folks is always trying to get over. And that's exactly what happened with Justin Ray Donaldson. See he is now in jail for scamming senior citizens. The man befriended a 73-year-old woman diabolical. This woman probably wanted a friend so bad because all her other friends probably dead. So he established a relationship. Nothing freaky, okay? He wasn't into, You know, Jare, folia, I think that's what they call it. Jaa. Folia. That's an attraction to elderly ass, okay? He wasn't into that. His role was similar to that of a grandson. And this woman's husband died. So he was in a, she was in a very vulnerable state and Justin saw the opening and slid in for this camp.


Let's go to NBC news for the report Police and Anderson County man is under arrest after Deputy said he was, he scammed a recent widow into believing she had dementia. Deputies say 30 5-year-old Justin Donaldson established a grandson like relationship with a 73-year-old woman at a senior living facility. According to deputies, after the woman's husband died, Donaldson convinced her to make him her power of attorney officials say the woman reported fraud. This month, Donaldson is charged with breach of trust. Now, I'm not sure how dementia works, okay? I, I'm not sure how dementia works in any way, shape, or form.


I have no idea. People with dementia, even though they got dementia. So I don't even know how you can be convinced that you have dementia. Now, what I don't understand is this woman has daughters according to the news report, okay? Who are her power of attorneys? If this elderly woman went and told people, Hey, I want to remove my daughters as power of attorney over her affairs, wouldn't somebody call the daughters? Then the daughters can intervene and say, who the hell is Justin Ray Donaldson? They're just gonna allow this man to come in, have her remove her daughters as power of attorney and he's just easily able to secure the woman's trust and access to her bank accounts. I don't get it. He instructed her to take out a home equity loan for home repairs, but instead went out and bought a 2015 Chevy Tahoe for himself.


Now, I know dementia causes a decline in someone's mental abilities, but this woman was able to understand everything Justin Ray Donaldson was telling her to do. She had enough cognitive abilities to know to take her daughters off the power of attorney. She had enough cognitive abilities to put everything in this man's name, but she didn't understand that she was getting scammed. Once again, I don't know anything about dementia. Of course I have had people in my family who have had it, but hey, do they know they got it? And can somebody just diagnose and convince you that you have it? Because that's what happened in this case. I guess now that I think about it, if someone is telling me I got dementia And I can't remember ever having dementia, then maybe I did forget that I got dementia. I don't know, I just know it's a special place reserved in hell for someone like Justin Ray Donaldson.


I don't know why we take advantage of elderly people. Act like taking advantage of kids. Okay? We act like we don't have grandparents. Okay, great grandparents, older parents. Hell, we act like we not gonna be old one day. Respect your elders, okay? Learn from the people who walk the path before you respect them. Because some day, sooner than you could ever imagine, you're gonna be an elder too. If you're blessed, please let Remi ma give Justin Ray. Donaldson the biggest. He haw, He haw. Hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? How do you, how do you convince somebody they got dementia? That's crazy. I Don't know. That's crazy. My grandmother be trying to convince us she ain't got it. I'm like, girl, You know when, when you dealing With, so she's aware she has it.


I don, yeah, She she's aware she has dementia. Some people, yeah, definitely people definitely know what they got. What do you mean? I don't know about the Alzheimer's people, but yeah, my grandmother knew she got dementia because G's mother didn't know she Had dementia. She sometimes that she got it, but she definitely got it and she, No, G'S mother didn't, she didn't know. She had no clue. Like she was, everything was regular. So if there was a story, she would tell a story over and over and over again and she thought that she was telling it for the first time. She had no clue. Yeah, that's how it goes. But like did y'all ever tell, did she tell her mother that she has it because you she Didn't Remember. She didn't know she got it. Yeah, she, She didn't remember. Okay, well my grandmother is gonna get to that point, but it's still kind of like early for real. Like she knows, You know she got it. If your grandma's anything like you, she probably playing Jess.


Yeah, she probably playing. Yo, you probably right? Yeah. Whenever she don't want to do something, all of a sudden she don't remember. Leave me alone. Dang. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Football fans picture this. You bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, BET MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with BET MG M's. Second Chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score. With Betham GM's second chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Awards vary gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


You wake up, put on your Ray Band meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah, because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and More. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms. Apply


Chba


looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. B GW group. No purchase necessary void. Word prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions.


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.