
Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock.


At public.com you can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details. Ba, ba, ba.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything. That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for details.


Ever Wolf down a big Mac and thought I could use some extra cash meat. Drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Earn free gift cards for getting your daily coffee or late night drive through effortlessly. Just link a card shop and watch reward stack with drop. It's like getting paid to indulge. Download, drop now and start earning. Use the code. Drop two two for $5 in points instantly.


The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested Orlando men For talking a flamingo. It's The Breakfast Club bitchy DONKEY of the day with name to God. I dunno why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. It ain't me. Du ball. It's y'all. DONKEY of the day for Monday, July 22nd goes to Richard Cantwell. Okay, a US Army veteran. Turn Dennis from Tampa. He could spin up the first of all. First of all, what does your uncle Sharla always tell you about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx of Florida and today is no exception. Richard cant will a US Army veteran turned dentist.


He could spin up to 15 years in prison if convicted on three counts of interstate transmission of a threat to injure can't will. AEG allegedly sent a hundred threats to 42 victims between August, 2019 and July, 2020. That's some serious trolling. A hundred threats to 42 victims claiming he would rape, murder and torture victims. Who criticized the great Donald Trump? Let's go to 10 Tampa News for the report please. A Bay Area dentist was in federal court accused of sending dozens of threatening messages to people online, including an FBI, agent and politician For those crimes. A federal judge ordering Richard Cantwell to stay behind bars pending trial court documents, say he has a practice in Zephyr Hills.


Federal investigators say he sent messages to people riddled with his homophobic and racist slurs according to court documents. Kent well was interviewed by the FBI back in 2019 and was told to stop. Investigators say he continued to send threats to dozens of people out there. One of those threats read in part, prepared to die. You won't see Christ right now. Kent will faces three felony charges Prepare to die. You won't see Christ. By the way, he calls Donald Trump the great Donald Trump. Those are his words. Trump's supporting Dennis who will make your teeth MAGA white. Okay, you can get your veneers capital riot white If you want. Now listen, this is exactly why I be wanting folks to keep their politics, politics to themselves, okay?


I remember a world not too long ago where people didn't discuss their religion, their politics are who the best mc was between Jay-Z and Nas, because those were guaranteed arguments. But now we live in a world where people can't even agree to disagree. We live in a world where there is segregation based on politics, and people's politics are impacting their everyday lives. You want to kill me because I don't agree with the same candidate as you? Do you want to kill me because I'm not in the same party as you? Well, damn, Mr. Dennis. All I want is a root canal. Okay? People out here telling me my breath stink. I'm just trying to get a feeling. A three. And you don't want to do it because I don't support Donald Trump. This dentist could be out here doing someone's veneers, but instead he's choosing violence.


You heard what the news report said. His targets included politicians, celebrities, authors, and other non-public figures. And one message he allegedly told the victim, I read your article about the great Donald Trump. You are gay. I can tell f you higher extra security. You're going to need it. I plan on fing you up just for the fun of it. Jesus Christ. Wow. Richard Damn, Richard. Wow. Did they call him Dick for short? I don't know what that's a nickname. Richard Dad. Richard Dick is a nickname for Richard. What do you mean? I said, gee, I was wondering, did they call him that for short? Okay. All, all. Out Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony.


Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny, Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock@public.com. We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY.


It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers.


Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details. Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going halsy with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal.


Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options terms apply. You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes.


But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply. I want Richard, it's some bridge work, right? This is why 70% of all Americans said they did not want ab Biden versus Trump rematch.


Thank God President Biden finally came to his senses and tapped out Republicans. I don't know why y'all haven't gotten the memo too. Nobody wants to deal with this type of madness. You got people who have worked their whole life to get to a certain point throwing it away because of political differences. This man, Richard can't will sent one message to a victim and he said, take note because liberal blank liberal blanks like it is redacted. So it says liberal blanks like you get raped in alleys by really big black guys that serve all cause. So you blank. 'cause that's redacted too are going to get raped by at least five blanks. That's redacted. I'm just gonna assume that's the N word and do nothing.


You are the number one target, bro. I just came here for Invisalign. Geez. Okay, I just want some teeth whitening. Why do you want to kill me? Now Richard was arrested and pleaded not guilty to the charges, but he did tell the court against his lawyer's advice that his statements were empty threats. These are the people that are going in our mouth every day. Whoa. This is the type of Richard, okay? Or the type of dick for short that might be going, going in your mouth every day. Huh? I'm supposed to trust you with my tooth attractions. Okay? He the type to take out Anyone You know he he'll take out anyone who's not a Trump supporter's wisdom teeth because he don't think they wise. Mm. Okay, listen, political differences will always generate a healthy debate, but I shouldn't be killed for them.


And Richard, I gotta ask you, was it worth it? Instead of worrying about people's cavities, now you in jail receiving daily cavity searches? Whoa. Okay. Your trolling got you a prison oral exam that your bicuspids and molars didn't ask for. Okay? DDS don't stand for Doctor of Dental surgery. It stands for Richard. Richard Sodomy. Okay. Okay. And I'm only saying Richard 'cause You know what I want to say. Right? But use your imagination. All right. All right. But I think I can say it 'cause his name is Richard. Let's go for it. Let's go for it. Let's go for it one time. Let's go for it. Okay? Because DDS, right? You don't think I can say it? DDS You, know what I mean?


You know not Doctor Dental Surgery. It's, nah, I'm just gonna say Richard. Richard. Richard Sidedo. Okay, Say it. Yeah. Lemme see if red, fat dick, dick side You ball. You don't wanna get fine. Please, Please let Chelsea Handler give Richard cant. Will the biggest hee-haw. He haw. He haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise. This guy gonna fake left and go. Right. That's what he did. You know that. I'm not gonna say, oh my gosh, this guy guy's stupid. What I work with here. I don't know why I work here.


Well, thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake That ass up in The morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra S sip, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers


Is getting gas at shell burning a hole in your wallet? What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop. You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com available to Players in the us excluding Washington, Michigan, no purchase necessary. B by 18 plus condition supply


State Farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like. a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.