
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth Since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastors dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land You know what they say. Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more DONKEY of the day X. I'm a Democrat, so being DONKEY of the Day is a little bit of a mixed play. So like a DONKEY. Okay, DONKEY of The, Breakfast Club bitches.


Now, I've Been called a lot in my 23 years, but DONKEY of the Day is a new One. DONKEY of the Day From Wednesday, October 2nd, goes to a 39-year-old man from St. Paul named Kyle Van work. Now I'm gonna tell you something. Times is hard out here. Okay? There's a very wide gap between the haves and the have nots. That's why all these politicians need to remember these wise four words from James Carville. And those words are, it's the economy. Stupid. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. People wanna know how you gonna put more money in their pocket and people wanna know how you gonna keep them safe. It's that simple. If you're talking about how I can save money, if you're talking about how you can make my bills lower, if you're talking about me being able to afford a nice vacation every now and then you are talking my language and You know another thing.


Money can buy that we don't talk about enough. What? Transportation. Okay. People want to be able to afford a dependable set of wheels. I'm not talking about no Bentley Phantom Range Rover. No, we not chasing luxury cars. We sticking to the non-luxury cars that we used to the forge, the Hondas, the Nissans, the Kias folks just want a reliable set of wheels to get them from A to B. Okay? We take that for granted in our society. There is someone out there listening to me right now who can't afford a car. They waiting for public transportation right now, are waiting for somebody to get him a ride. Okay? They watching people drive by dreaming of one day owning that 2013 Toyota Avalon. You take it for granted. Okay? And this is how we get the Kyle Van wt. See, there was a woman who got pulled over in St.


Paul and the officer thought she needed a sobriety test. So as the officer was giving the woman a sobriety test, there was a man named Kyle. And Kyle was sitting there at a nearby bus stop minding his business, daydreaming of the day. He don't have to ride public transportation anymore, praying for a blessing of a Nissan alt Altima. Okay? He just wanted him a nice little premium car. And he sees this woman getting a sobriety test. As he's sitting at the bus stop, he starts thinking to himself, look at this woman possibly drunk and driving, mismanaging the blessing of a car. And then a voice told Kyle, another person's mismanagement of a blessing is an opportunity to show God what you would do. If. you had said blessing and then this happened.


Let's go to NBC 11 for the report, please. As part of the statewide towards zero death enforcement focused on arresting impaired drivers, a St. Paul police officer pulled over. A woman he says, was speeding, driving a Lincoln Navigator at about 6:00 PM Sunday. And according to a criminal complaint, when the officer began field sobriety testing, a completely unrelated man who was sitting on a nearby bus stop bench got into the driver's seat of the woman's car. Police say the man was 39-year-old Kyle Van Wirt, who has a long history of minor crimes involving drugs and theft before the officer could stop him. Court papers say, van Wirt sped away in the woman's SUV. Let's go cop. After the thief drove away in the Lincoln Navigator, the woman told police her iPhone and other electronics were still inside.


So using the iPhone's Find Me app, the woman was able to help police track it to Apple Valley where they found the iPhone apparently tossed out the window by the thief. But little did he know that the woman still had an apple Airtag dangling from the key chain. Oh, they found the SUV chased it and finally arrested Van Wir. What part of Grand Theft Auto mission is this? Kyle was sitting at the bus stop waiting for somebody to be drunk, be too drunk to notice that car's missing. Okay? And he jumped right in and stole it. That's not even criminal behavior, that's just opportunistic stupidity. Okay, Kyle, even though I'm giving you the credit you deserve for being stupid, I see your vision. Okay? I can understand what you did there.


You at the bus stop this woman getting a sobriety test. In your mind. In your mind you was like, if I had the blessing of a car, I would never drive drunk. But you got to wait on the Lord, Kyle. You got to wait on Jesus. Have patience and wait for the things you want most. Don't chase it. Don't run after it. Please don't steal it. If God wants you to have it, he will give it to you. Amen. You can't take it. And that's what Kyle did. And you heard in the news report, he didn't get away simply because the young woman had an apple Airtag inside her vehicle. Not to mention everything is a tracking device nowadays. You heard the news report. The woman left her phone and other electronics in the car. He threw it out the window, but she still had the apple Airtag on her key chain.


Also, I need to say the woman did not get a DWI. St. Paul Police said she was not over the legal limit, but guess who was Kyle Damnit, man. Oh shoot. Kyle was high and on drugs. Right? Police just waiting on his blood test to come back. All right. And as you heard in the news report, he has a history of drugs and theft. Wouldn't surprise me. Okay. Wouldn't surprise me at all. If, you steal a car in the middle of a sobriety test while the police are right there, then it's safe to say it's probably you who needs the sobriety test. Please give Kyle Van work the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You are the DONKEY of the day.


You, He aimed a little too high too. What you mean? Yeah. You don't do that with the Lincoln Navigator. You gotta stay with the, what you Got where You started. It was the premium vehicles You. know what I'm saying? Stay with the premium vehicles Like an Altima. Nissan. Yeah. Yeah. Nissan Altima. Maxima You know Camry, Toyota Camry, You know Avalon, like say right in that range. You wanna play a game? Nope. I wanna play a game. I don't know what race is. I really don't. Oh, I have no idea. Can't we guess it and just Google it? Like, I don't know. Can we go If? you can up his picture Saying party pooper. Pull up his picture.


I don't know. I really have no idea what's racist. Oh, I'm lying. I do what I'm talking about. Okay. Let's play a game And do we really need to play a game? You feel like it's a shoe win? I mean, all right. I, I guess his last name is Van Wt guys. Kyle Van wt. So he white? Yes. I asked. I said, I don't think white. He a game. You thinking black at first? I, yeah, I was a little, I was think a low black at first, so I was like, I was taking a low black at first too. Yeah, a little five drive. Why? Hmm? Why what? No, where the story went. Why? That's the way the story. Tell me more. No, tell me more. I don't have to tell us why. Identify as a cat right now. I'm just meow.


Ask me a question. Go. Nope, Meow. Alright. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club Max Bankman. I'm the New doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C, Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past, our streams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson.


It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in beef head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have A pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on A, B, C, and Stream on Hulu. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal.


Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth. since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new game releases each week, play for free anytime, anywhere. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, join me in the fun. Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary board. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.