
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up. A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it is very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. Call DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne, who got the DONKEY today? Today, Well just hilarious. DONKEY. Today for Friday, November 15th goes to 21. No goes the 20-year-old. 22 0, 20-year-old Jolene White. Now he's 20. So that means he was born in 2004. And he is confirming my theory that after the year 2000, the universe just started making anybody And. I told y'all it's because God sold the company that makes humans. He sold it to some other higher power and they kept the name.


Okay, same model, but the ingredients just not the same because these little youngins is different. See, Jalen has an eight month old son and the mother of the child had to run out real quick, so she left the baby with his daddy. Well, Jalen decided to do what most men do when they watch their kids. And that's play NBA 2K. Well, I'm gonna tell you right now, this is where the story gets dark. And since don don't like to be the bearer of bad news, let's go to CBS News Chicago for the report please. A father in Milwaukee is charged after he admitted to throwing his nine month old son because he was frustrated while playing a video game. Prosecutors say 20-year-old Jalen White was playing NBA 2K. He was quote down two points in the fourth quarter of the game. Prosecutors say that's when he threw his eight month old son against a wall.


The criminal complaint states white told detectives he heard his son's head hit the wall loudly. Hospital staff discovered several injuries on the child, not all of them from the wall incident. This appears not to be the first abusive conduct with this child based on the fact that there are multiple stages of healing of broken ribs. The baby has a dramatic brain injury and is not expected to survive. If the child does die, prosecutors will upgrade the charges against white to homicide. Somebody tell Donald Trump to add jail into the mass deportation list. Okay? Don't be fooled because his last name is white. He's not. This man was losing by two points in NB 2K and got so upset that he threw his baby against the wall in anger.


What happened to throwing your controller against the wall? What happened to simply resetting the game? What happened to instinctively loving your kids more than anything else on this planet? This man Jalen told police And I quote, he hit his head hard on the wall, bro, I heard the wall. It was hard on his head. I heard the impact of the wall after I tossed him. This man's eight month old child is not expected to live because his daddy was losing by two points in the fourth quarter and NBA 2K. The craziest part about this story is jailing said, he said he didn't. He didn't. He didn't say he saw the baby hit the wall. He said he heard the baby hit the wall.


That means he just tossed the child without looking. Okay. He tossed the baby away. He just tossed the baby the way Tyree tossed those tissues. The last time he was hand Breakfast Club Studios crying. I'm not doing this. Me neither. Okay, out of all the things you could have grabbed and threw at the wall outta anger, you tossed your child and you're trying to tell me this, the same original recipe for humans God been using. No, humans are under new management and God and and and and Ben. Okay? God don't have his hands on none of those new model humans. You only hear humans of a certain age say, God not done with me yet because we are some of the last models that God created that he still got his hands on. Okay? Therefore we can still go to GOD repair service center lifetime warranty.


But the reality is God is done with some of y'all. And in the case of Jolene White, God said, Hmm, get somebody else to do it. I don't have nothing to do with that. I don't have nothing to do with those humans. Born after 2000, okay, that after 2000 human business, that's not me. I'm over here. I got my hands on the chimpanzees, the dolphins, the ravens. Have you noticed what I'm doing with the orchids and the bees? They are the new intelligent life and Ben, which is why the more you get to know humans born after the year 2000, you realize why Noah only let animals on the ark. Now jailing is being held on child abuse and child neglect charges. And you heard the news report. If the poor eight month old child dies from his injuries, Jaylin's charges are expected to be updated to include murder, and he is currently being held on a hundred thousand dollars bond.


All those in favor of keeping him there forever, say aye. Aye. Okay, I all right. I mean, not a nigga. Yes. Although the polls say no. Okay, please let Remy ma give Jalen White the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? That's sad, man. Yeah, that is sad. That's crazy. Won't be no 2K. Where he going? Yeah, this prison baby. Then they Said that it was, this ain't the first time. Like the baby has other injuries that he's hailing from. That's what I'm saying, Broken ribs and all that. Like that's, that's crazy. So why wouldn't a baby taken out of the cab before? That's wild. He deserve everything he about to get. If he get forever in prison, he get forever in prison.


Okay. And it ain't, like I said, it ain't no 2K where he going? It's all two gay now. Okay. No controllers. Just joysticks joy. Just joysticks. Just joystick. My goodness. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey's job, And. I. Go by the name Q Ward and we'd like you to join us each week for our show Civic Cipher. That's Right. We discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace, and social circle. We're going to learn how to become better allies to each other. So join us each Saturday for Civic Cipher on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mathas state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess, well, not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah, things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami Mess, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram live living it's kind of mess. Yeah, well, you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Refa in on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose's Place was introduced to The World, we are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.