
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a Rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible planning. Device covers not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Be warned the once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Some DONKEY days just saw themselves. I've been watching Char Man, I was ready for you. DONKEY DONKEY. I never heard old DONKEY other day. What is it? What? Comic DONKEY. Say it again y man. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Alright, DONKEY, today for Monday, July 29th. Hello. Back to the work week. How are y'all feeling out there now? It's going to a 21-year-old man named Kenneth Sellner. Okay. Kenneth has been arrested for committing sexual acts on a horse. Hmm. Okay. Not just any horse. He had sex with his mother's horse. Yes. He's from Phoenix.


And a woman called authorities after reportedly catching her son, identified as Kenneth s Sellner committing sexual acts with her horse while she was away on vacation. I believe it was comedian David Atel. He said the one good thing about having sex with a horse is you always have a ride home. Okay? Trust me, these jokes write themselves. All right, so a 21-year-old man named Kenneth Ser comes into a bar. Ah, shoot. I already messed it up. Let me start over. So a 21-year-old man named Kenneth Ser comes into a horse. Okay? I want the record to show that Kenneth S's mom is not a snitch. All right? There's a lot of people she could have called on her son after catching him having sex with the family horse and the police is probably at the bottom of the list.


I would've called the men in the white coat. Okay? He need to be 51 50. And I'm not talking about Cory Holcomb's show, all right? She probably was already suspicious. That's why she set the cameras up, okay? Because lemme tell you, lemme tell you, I ain't even tell y'all what happened. Seller's mom said that she had asked her son to clean the horse stall while she wasn't there. But that's when they checked the security cameras. She noticed that Kenneth was touching the horse's genitals and rubbing the horse's genitals on his bare body. Oh, listen man, okay. She probably was already suspicious, that's why she set the cameras up. She probably was washing clothes and found pieces of hay in his underwear, okay?


Pieces of pieces of horse man on his clothes. And she probably told her, told his, told her son You know, stop horsing around. All right? And he didn't listen. Okay? Imagine he trying to set the mood. He turns on genuine pony, right? Tells him, tell them, take your horse shoes off. Get comfortable. Okay? There's a quote that I've heard that I could never understand and the quote is, there is something about the outside of a horse that is good for the inside of a man. Has anybody ever heard that quote? No. That is an actual quote. There is something about the outside of a horse that is good for the inside of a man. I don't know what that means, but there was something about the outside of this horse that made this man wanna be inside of it. Now, for the record, he didn't have sex with the horse, I just told y'all that.


But his job was to clean the stalls and he would go in there to clean the stalls. And I told you the security camera caught him touching the horse's genitals and rubbing the horse's genitals on his bare body. Okay? On, on, on You know it's just, it's nasty. Now let's talk about this for a second. Y'all. This 21-year-old man ain't never seen a horse penis. Okay? Now a horse penis to some can be considered a thing of beauty. Most horse penises get to be about two feet long. When they not a wreck, when you just driving by and they just out there minding they business, they just out there swinging. When they get a wreck, they can get about three or four times bigger. So we talking about penises that are damn near eight feet long. That 21-year-old got got the plan with all that horse meat and was like, man, this is better than Call of Duty.


Okay? I've been playing with the wrong joysticks. Now he's since been released with no bond under the supervision of pretrial services. He must be supervised by an officer and he must wear an ankle monitor. And they asked Kenneth why he did what he did to the horse. He replied because he wanted to be in a stable relationship, But I That really M not making this up. Shut up. Shut up. Now You didn't say that. You don't gotta believe me. He can say that. Well, please give Kenneth Sellner the biggest hee-haw. That's why I don't even be liking to talk to y'all. They gotta be in here making up stuff. I ain't make That up.


You gonna play a game? Play a game of what? Guess what race it is. Oh me. Look at him first. You look a little miscellaneous in the face. Yeah, but What? Miscellaneous, not miscellaneous. Miscellaneous. What kind of word is Mishel? I You can play a game. Let's play a game of, guess what race is, Alright, this Gonna be easy one. Alright, Arizona mother calls deputies to report son's alleged bestiality on a horse. DJ Envy. Guess what? Res Is white. Just hilarious. Arizona woman calls deputies to report son's alleged bestiality on a horse. Just hilarious. Guess what? Racist white Shake Are there.


Is there any reason y'all sound so? Sure. Hmm. The case. The case. The case what? Kenneth got a white case wife ear round. Both of y'all are absolutely correct. I knew it. Kenneth. Completely Caucasian. I Some things are reserved for certain sectors of society. 30 Sectors. Bestiality is absolutely one of them. Jesus. Okay. Alright. What's a miscellaneous face? Miscellaneous. You don't know her? I know her. I'm not mis with you. You know Miscellaneous, right? Jess? No. You don't know miscellaneous? No. I know what the word means, but I don't know if it's a person.


Yeah, miss Miscellaneous. It's a horrible joke. That's horrible. Just, just like the ho jokes he did a minute ago. Just bad. Just yeah, just horrible. Just stupidest dad jokes I've heard. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast


Club. Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more


Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chason featuring Megan Trainor out today. I For you now, I'm saying goodbye Because I'm done chasing you. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chassen from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


I'm Victoria Cash And I Wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky lands slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


For 25 years. BrightView Senior. Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


Summer is supposed to be an opportunity to slow down, but when you look at your kids, you can't help but notice that your kids are growing up fast. Help them build independence as they grow with Green Light. Green Light is a debit card and money app for families where parents can keep an eye on kids' money habits while kids learn how to save, invest and spend wisely. It's the easy, convenient way to raise financially. Smart kids. Get your first month free when you sign up at greenlight.com/iheart.