
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We Went from normal life, healthy child to a cute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids by childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was keeping up by drill cur till when we stepped beyond the edge of what we know. I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. In return, it's a miracle I was brought back alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Being able to say, I feel like crying. So I will cry today. I'm a little depressed. Yes, may is. Mental health Awareness month and deeply well is a sanctuary for your healing. I'm Debbie Brown, healer wellbeing expert teacher and fellow seeker. And each week we explore what it means to become whole through soul expanding conversations and practices today. Wow. I feel really powerful and ready to serve and use my skills. And it's like that's the heart of what it is to be an authentic woman. To hear this and more ways to prioritize your piece. Listen to Deeply Well from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and t connecting changes everything. Your execution On the DONKEY of the day is something to go. Is it a They gave me DONKEY Of the day And I deserve to. You need to know. Well, You need to tell Them I am because You have the voice. Tell them. Tell them. Tell them tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a Fake ass charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Charlamagne Who you give Dusty today too. Now, Wow. DONKEY today for Thursday, May 29th goes to Christy Lee Crampton. Christie is an example of why when you go to Florida, you should only drink bottled water.


Okay? Don't drink the water out the tap. Don't put the water out the tap in your tea, your coffee, nothing. Because soon as you take a sip of that water, you become a Florida fool. Okay, Christie Not from Florida, but this situation happened while she was heading back home from her family's Disney World vacation. Okay? She must have drank out the drinking fountains at Disney because she was full of Florida foolishness. Now, I can't even talk about this story the way I want to until y tell her until I tell you what happened. Okay? Now, we had Keisha Cole here last hour and she was talking about one of her children, and she was talking about her child calling her other child a big back. But her child isn't fat. He's just, bro. And I was explaining to her that big back should be reserved for the obese amongst us.


Okay? God, forgive me for being a notorious fat Shama. I don't mean to be okay. It's something I'm working on. You have to understand that growing up your mama sold fat jokes was some of the first jokes we learned. And clearly that cycle is continued. Okay? Fat shaming is an erase thing. It is an agenda thing. Humans, fat shame other humans, and there are some fat folks amongst us. Okay? Let's go to W Ftv nine for the report, please. Kristy Lee Crampton was set to be back home from her family's Disney World Vacation. Instead, she made her first appearance in front of a Seminole County Judge Tuesday charged with felony child abuse. Allegiant Flight 28 85 to Haggerstown, Maryland was set to take off from Orlando Sanford International Airport just before 2:00 PM Monday.


But according to this arrest report, cramped in and witnesses on the plane tell police the child called cramped in fat. And Ms. Piggy telling her she couldn't fit in the airplane seat. That's when witnesses say cramped in, began hitting the child with her fist and then hit him on the head with a water bottle. Then the report says she slammed the child's head into the airplane window. Ooh, the child used his arms to cover his head. Airport police haven't said how old the child is, but cramped told police the child was very rude and disrespectful during their trip to Disney. Hmm. And that after the child called her fat, she took his phone away. She claims he then pushed her arm off the armrest twice and that's when she began smacking him.


But police and witnesses say she went beyond typical disciplinary actions. I have so many questions, so many thoughts, so many observations. Okay? First off, Ms. Piggy is immortal. Okay? A child still calling a high calorie human, miss Piggy in 2025, drop on the clues bumps for Miss Piggy icon. Okay? The irony of it all is Miss Piggy is in fact, she's actually fabulous. He or she who ate all the pie should take it as a compliment if you get called Miss Piggy. Now, my second thought is, where was this child's parents? You just gonna let this salad dodger put hands on a child, okay? With the child flying alone, if so, with a flight attendants, you know, too busy to get this pantry pirate off, off the child.


Okay? Lemme tell you something. Now, if I was ever in this situation and my child said something about a person being fat, I'm going to apologize to said individual, but you're not putting your hands on my child to lunch Shakur. Okay? I don't care if you a woman or not, all right? I'm gonna hold your heavy ass and let my wife get her licks off if you ever put your pudgy paw on my child. All right? Did you hear what she did to this child? Witnesses? Said cramped, and began hitting the child with her fist and hit him on the head with a water bottle. Then she slammed the child's head into the airplane window, And I bet it was a bunch of poop. Butt ass adults recording instead of intervening. Let tell you something, Cardi beef, okay? It would've been some furniture moving on that plane. And when I say furniture movement, Emini here, I would've grabbed you and attempted to move your sectional shaped ass, okay?


That's why you gotta teach your kids how to be creative, okay? There is so many other things you can call a fat person other than a fat or Miss Piggy. For example, I've said two lunch Shakur, right? I've said Cardi Beef. I'm a hip hop head, so that's why I start with it. Meek Meal, okay, run dm, eat French Fry Montana. Oh wait, Christie was a woman. So I would say Megan, the stomach or doja fat. Oh, I fat doja fat Doja fat hits doja fat. Doja fat hits doja. Fat hits. But the reality is, none of this is right. None of this is right. Body shaming isn't right, but that don't give you the right to put your fat fist on a child.


Okay? Seriously, how did the adults just sit back and allow this to happen? Am I reading this story wrong? I'm really confused. Was it her child? Was this child traveling with her? Because they said Kristi Kreme took the child's phone after she finished hitting them. Okay? I, I don't, I don't, I don't. I'm really confused about this. Let me tell you something, Kristi. Listen to the kids, bro. Okay? If your child calls you fat, don't get offended. Get ozempic. Don't get mad. Get Manjaro. Okay? There are poli. Now, I do want to say this is a teachable moment. There are politically correct ways to talk about the obese amongst us. You can say high calorie humans. You can say higher weight humans.


You can say people with obesity. You can say wide body. Whoop. Whoops. Okay? But the most politically correct term, I don't care what y'all say, the most politically correct term you can use is big back. I don't, I don. I don't. Big back is not malicious. It's a descriptor. Yeah. And it comes with a nice song. Let's hear it. Big back. Big back. Hey, big back. Big back. Hey. Yeah, my back is loaded up with snacks in different foods. Oh, we'll squeeze into this tiny shirt. My big back has no Room. Hey, hey. Big back. Big back. Hey, big back.


Big back. Hey, big back. Big back. Big back. Big back. I love that Song. Big Back. Big Back. Hey Big. I love that song Big. That's just a Big Mac. Oh, I, oh, I know that was a verse two. That's enough. Max, Please give Christian Lee Hampton the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh No, you the day dog.


E. Where's your problem? Mac don't usually be sitting there 'cause Eddie not in the day. So Mac is sitting where Eddie usually be sitting. I just look and he just looking at me with so much disgust. Hey, medium sized Mac Artist. Fat Shamer is crazy. What's your man name that sing that song? Huh? The Big Bang. I don't know his name. I thought you knew him. Nah, but you just because you all, I thought y'all Community, just Because you get all poetic with all these fat names don't mean you you not Fat sha. He not Even that big homie that that, that sing the song Big. Imagine if somebody came in here and called you Dark Zuckerberg like, oh my God, That's actually fire. Dark Zuckerberg is Fire. Yes, that's Fire. Has anybody Ever called you fat on the plane? On fat on the plane Come he flies Cargo.


What you talking about? It's my bad. Call me fat. It's like a Dr. Seuss books called Fat on the Plane. I've been caught fed on the train. I've been called Caught in the car. I been caught fed in the bar all time. He gonna call you Dr. Lu. You keep losing that weight. You gonna have all that loose skin. The Mac really losing a lot of weight. Yes he Is Dr. Uncircumcised body man. Four skin fat is crazy Enough. Is mess to fix something Like that. We do. We do, actually. We do. How much have you lost though, Mac? Huh? How much have you lost? 162 drop On a cool guard Big Mac. Let's cut. Positive be done. And he did it the right way. Worked out. He did his steps. I don't believe that, but we He did it the right way.


He right and did it. Did it the right way. Everybody's seen it except for him. 'cause he got them Raccoon Blacks around his eyes. He can't See nothing. No 10,000 step thing out. But I don't care how he's doing it, he's doing it. Let's go. Medium sized Mac. Yes, I knew I was right. Ah, man. All right. Up next, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're having relationship issues and you need some help and some fixing, you can call Jess right now, period. Oh hey, that was a different one right there. That was a different one right there. That was the number two, just The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound Antit mine. My Parachute did Not deploy. I was keeping up by drill cartel. When we stepped beyond the edge of what we know, I clinically died. The Heart stopped beating, Which I was dead For 11.5 minutes. In Return, it's a miracle I was brought back alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


And it's gonna take us to heal us. It's Mental Health Awareness Month. And on a recent episode of Just Heal with Dr. J, the incomparable to Ra GP Henson. Stop by to discuss how she's discovered peace on her journey. I never let that little girl inside of me die. To hear this and more things on the journey of healing, you can listen to Just Heal with Dr. J from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast At


and t connecting changes everything. Being able to say, I feel like crying, so I will cry today. I'm a little depressed. Yes, Maya's mental health Awareness Month and deeply well is a sanctuary for your healing.


I'm Debbie Brown, healer wellbeing expert, teacher and fellow seeker, and each week we explore what it means to become whole through soul expanding conversations and practices today. Wow. I feel really powerful. Yeah. And ready to serve and use my skills. And it's like that's the heart of what it is to be an authentic woman. To hear this and more ways to prioritize your piece. Listen to Deeply Well from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and t connecting changes everything. This is an iHeartPodcasts.