
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity, varies by configuration. See Nissan to one guide and owners manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball is Just because of One single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network Is sponsored by Diet Coke.


America has problem Wades been overturned and taken black jobs. The Supreme Court has Issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting. It feels like my country doesn't love me. Charlemagne, now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. America is a Big reality TV show on The, Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or the white president have a problem figuring out When you're premier Trump and You ain't black? It's enough. America has a breath. Come on Mag. Gather around. All right, DONKEY today for Wednesday, September 11th goes to the former celebrity in chief of the United States of America.


Donald J. Trump. We all watched the debate last night. If, you didn't. You missed a good time. Okay, vice President Kamala Harris versus the former 45th President of the United States of America. Donald J. Trump. And if you're being honest with yourself, doesn't matter If, you are a Democrat or a Republican independent If. you just an honest person who calls things like it is, then you have to admit it was a complete and utter dog walk. Okay? I mean, an absolute flawless victory for vice President Kamala Harris. It went exactly how I said it would go. When they was having a straight up debate exchanging policy If, you wanna say that she watched them all right? Simply because she knows what she's talking about and he doesn't. So he decided to talk outta turn, tried to overtalk, threw a couple of insults, lied.


You know the, the, the, the insults he did try to throw. They didn't land and he ended up looking like a madman. Okay? A devil damn lunatic. Look, when Trump and Biden debated after that debate, Democrats finally told the truth about their candidate in America. Okay, Maga, it is time you tell the truth about yours. Okay? I will never, for the life of me understand how or why Republicans just gave their party over the maga. But after last night, there has to be some type of bias remorse. I get it. Okay? In 20 16, 20 16, you bet on the right horse, okay, 2020, that horse didn't come through for you. Your gamble didn't pay off. But in 2024, why should have went with Nicki Haley, Chris Christie, maybe, but Donald J. Trump, the oldest candidate to ever run for president.


He just doesn't have it anymore. Okay? He never really had it, but there was an entertainment factor to what he did. And even though he lies all the time, he always seemed more sincere about his lies than Democrats did. About they truth. He killed the language of politics, okay? Because of Donald J. Trump. Politicians, if they choose to can speak freely, the language of politics is dead. And that's because of Donald J. Trump. But now, when he speaks freely, he just sounds incoherent. He does not have a grasp on policy. In fact, he told us last night that he doesn't even have a plan. He just has a concept of a plan. Listen, Obamacare was lousy. Healthcare always was. It's not very good today. It's still never going to be great.


And it's too expensive for people. And what we will do is we're looking at different plans. If we can come up with a plan that's gonna cost our people, our population less money and be better healthcare than Obamacare, then I would absolutely do it. But until then, I'd run it as good as it can be run. So just A yes or no, you still do not have a plan. I have concepts of a plan. I'm not president right now, but if we come up with something, I would only change it. If we come up with something that's better and less expensive and there are concepts and options, we, we have to do that. Wow. And you'll be hearing about it in the not too distant future For all my brothers out there who was having a summer fling with a woman, and now it's getting cold.


She's gonna be looking to develop something more serious, possibly if she wants to be in a relationship. And she asks you, what are we? Mm. Okay. When she asks you, do you want to be in a relationship? Tell her you don't have to be in a relationship, but you have a concept of a relationship that you potentially would like to be in. See how that goes for you? Okay? Donald Trump in that moment should have just blamed Jay-Z for not having a plan. Okay? Everybody else blaming Jay-Z for stuff this week, pile on Trump. Listen, the vice president nailed it last night when she said Donald Trump looked weak and wrong. He literally fell for every single trap she laid out. See, folks is talking about how he sounded nuts when he started talking about Haitian migrants eating dogs.


But Kamala laid the trap of him because she knew what to say to get in his head and disturbed his fragile ego. Listen to the setup. Then he's gonna talk about immigration a lot tonight, even when it's not the subject that is being raised. And I'm gonna actually do something really unusual, and I'm gonna invite you to attend one of Donald Trump's rallies. 'cause it's a really interesting thing to watch. And what you will also notice is that people start leaving his rallies early out of exhaustion and boredom. She can't talk about that. People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics, what they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States in Springfield.


They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. I just wanna clarify here, you bring up Springfield, Ohio, and, and ABC News did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there had been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals within the immigrant community. All this, well, I've seen people on Television. Let me just say here. This Is the, the people on television. This should say, my dog was taken and used for food. So maybe he said that. And maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager. Again, the Springfield city manager says, there's no evidence of that. Vice P President Harris, I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard. I mean, you talk about extreme.


Extreme is an understatement. That's why she laughed at the end, because she knew her plan at work. She was chuckling because she knew she just scored. She brings up that nobody is coming to your rallies, that people leave early because you be at the R sounding crazy and you reply by sounding crazy. Donald Trump don't even know how to be racist, right? Anymore. There was a time he would've blamed the pets being eaten on China, but he don't even have that kind of spark anymore. Okay? The vice president had him on the defensive all last night. The bully got bullied. He was bobbing and weaving, ducking. And when he did swing, he just didn't land much. Maga, you have to be honest with yourself, okay? When Nikki Haley said the first party to get rid of their 80-year-old candidate was gonna win this thing, she was probably absolutely right.


All right? There was no reason for you all to restart the Trump. The Trump train, okay? The man has a whole bunch of other things he should be dealing with like his criminal cases. But no. Now, last night was not an election. I'm fully aware, and I'm sure his base was not moved. They will be there in November riding with Trump. But what about those undecided, those independent, those independents? Okay? Last night political reported that in the first hour of the debate, 71% of Kamala Harris' grassroots donors were women. 71% You know why? Because the vice president laid out simple and plain how Donald Trump is the person who appointed three Supreme Court judges who abolished Roe v. Wade, and how Trump takes full credit for the attack on women's re reproductive rights.


And Donald Trump's only defense to that was a lie. Let's listen. Well, the reason I'm doing that vote is because they have abortion in the ninth month. They even have, and you can look at the governor of West Virginia, the previous governor of West Virginia, he said, the baby will be born and we will decide what to do with the baby. In other words, we'll execute the baby. And that's why I did that, because that predominates, because they're radical. The Democrats are radical in that. And her vice presidential pick, which I think is a horrible pick, by the way, for our country, you got her vice presidential pick, says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says, execution after birth, it's execution.


No longer abortion because the baby is born is okay. And that's not okay with me. Each individual state is voting. It's the vote of the people now. It's not tied up in the federal government. I did a great service in doing it. It took courage to do it. And the Supreme Court had great courage in doing it. And I give tremendous credit to those six justices. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born. Madam Vice President, wanna get your response to President Trump? Well, As I said, you're gonna hear a bunch of lies. And that's not actually a surprising fact. Hey, man, can I tell y'all something? Yeah. Tell us. Donald Trump might be retarded. Okay? Stop using that word. Listen, I know retarded is considered offensive.


You said it again, but in Webster's dictionary, retarded is an adjective. And one of the definitions of retarded is very stupid or foolish. If. you agree that Donald Trump is very stupid or foolish? Then guess what? What? He's retarded. Okay, And, I want everyone saying that? Everyone on cable news should be talking about how Trump is incoherent. He does not have a grasp on policy. He doesn't have a plan. He has a concept of a plan. And Maga some of y'all holding on for dear life. But remember If, you can't tell the truth about your guy then you're no better than those people who couldn't tell the truth about Biden. That's why I was pleasantly surprised to see Republicans telling the truth about what we saw in that debate stage Last night, Tim Miller of the Bulwark said he caught up with Lindsey Graham last night, and Lindsey Graham said this.


I I asked several of the, of his surrogates like what they thought. And the number one question I asked them was, what do you think his best answer was tonight? And then I saw my old friend, Lindsey Graham You, know we used to be panels in 2016 when he, he was a jev endorser. And we had a, we had a pretty heated exchange, I will have to say, where he said, I should be ashamed of myself. And the feeling was kind of mutual. But after, after our argument about the state of affairs of politics, You know when, when we calmed down a little bit, he, he looked at me and he was just like, you are right about one thing. That was a disaster. He was unprepared. And we should fire the debate team. And I was like, oh, okay. Well that's, that's a And I.


Think that's all you need to know about tonight. You know when you have your surrogate in the debate room saying you, you should fire the debate prep team. I think we know who won and who lost. Come On now. Old Lady Buck, Lindsey Graham telling the truth. Chris Christie, Republican said the vice president was exquisitely well prepared. She laid traps and he chased every rabbit down every hole. And he also said, whoever prepared Donald Trump should be fired. He was not good tonight at all. They just telling the truth. Brit Hume, a conservative pundit on Fox News, he was on Fox News with hands last night and he said, this mag, listen, Make no mistake about it. Trump had a bad night. He rose to debate repeatedly when she baited him something that I'm sure his advisors had begged him not to do.


And we heard so many of the old grievances that that we'd long thought that Trump had learned were not winners politically. And there they all were You know, talking about how he didn't lose the election and all that. I mean, so I, my sense is that she came out of this in pretty good shape. Now, how long this will last and, and is, is a, is anybody's guess, but for, for tonight at least, this was pretty much her night. You're saying she had a good night. I'm saying she certainly did. That was on Fox News. That was Brit Hume, a conservative pundit on Fox News at some point last night. Trump should have just reminded people that he pardoned Lil Wayne. And he should have said the vice president is the reason Lil Wayne isn't performing at the Super Bowl. That's the only thing that could work because it was a complete shutout flawless victory. Madame Vice president was completely and totally herself and Trump couldn't do nothing with her.


Okay? The debate, the debate was a complete and total dog walk. And I, don't care what your leader says. The dog that got walked is not edible. Please let Kathy Griffin give Donald Trump the biggest. He haw. Please Give this giant jar of mayo the biggest hee-haw. If he had got up there and just did a, here's the rundown. What should have happened at the Super Bowl? 'cause I parted him. That probably would've all, If he would've said, I'm a parting thug as soon as I get in first day office. Hmm. You Know. No. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before try to assassinate the President of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife, working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that, then You know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.