
They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices. Probably not. Presidents, vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump.


Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said, black Jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid for by Harris for president.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know and there's nothing by getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State. Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


We've all tried protein drinks on the go, but why don't they taste more like the ones we make at home or from the juice bar. They're too chalky and too sweet from sugar or artificial sweeteners. We love the health benefits, but hate the taste. Now you can finally get both with Don't Quit protein drinks loaded with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins and minerals, and a cleaner approach to ingredients that use no artificial flavors or sweeteners, but still delivers that smooth texture and delicious taste we all crave. Fuel your perseverance with don't quit clean protein drinks. Get yours now at Amazon.


Better Be a fake ass Charlamagne. Some DONKEY days just saw themselves. I've been watching Charla, man. I was ready for you. DONKEY DONKEY. I Never heard on DONKEY other day. What is it? What To DONKEY. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a DONKEY. DONKEY. You are a DONKEY DONKEY. Everything That Charlamagne is saying Is true. DONKEY of The day for Friday, February 13th. Oh, it's Friday the 13th. I don't care about that no more. I used to, not anymore. It goes to a woman named Michelle kake. I think her name is. I'm probably pronouncing her last name wrong. Listen, man, I am reminded every day how hard it is for women to find the right partner out here.


Okay? I am surrounded by some very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very single women. Damn. Okay? I'm talking about the type of women that JD Vance uses to prove his childish cat Lady Point. But it's not because they don't want a man, okay? It's not because they don't want to be in a relationship. They just can't find a man in full disclosure. It's hard for me as a unc, okay? It's hard for me as a UNC to these women. It's hard for me as a brother to these women. It's hard for me to feel sympathy for them because I know them and because I know them, I can totally see why they single. I totally understand why they can't find anyone. Why? Why are you saying me envy? Why? Nobody wants to be with them. Why are you saying me? Why their relationships don't last.


I completely understand. Okay? But I also can understand why women be sick of men, okay? A lot of men need to go through the work on themselves. That's why I be stressing healing. I know a lot of women who refuse to even date a man who's not going to therapy. And. I. Don't blame them. But some women like Michelle Cobb, K, get the fan outta here. Some women like Michelle Cobb k are going to extremes to prove that they don't need a man. See, Michelle Cobb. K has been diagnosed with Objective. Phil. Ever heard of that? Anybody in the room? I have not. It's when you develop an attraction to objects, okay? Because of this condition. Why you looking at me with that envy? Michelle fell in love. Alright, You know what? She fell in love with And. I want all my single friends, all my single You know nieces and sisters to listen because there's other options out here, okay?


Okay. Michelle fell in love with an airplane. Oh, not just any airplane, a Boeing 7 37 800. She says she's attracted to the plane's wings. Okay? The plane's winglets, okay? And it's thrusters. Oh, Michelle said the plane got a big ass cock pit, okay? She carried out a long distance relationship with the airplane, but after nine years of flying high, the relationship has come crashing down because Michelle and her Boeing 7 3, 7 800 have finally broken up. I know you all are listening to me and you're saying to yourself, uncle Sharla, what the hell are you talking about? Well, If, you don't believe me.


Michelle was on a reality show with her bay, so you could listen to the story for yourself. Let's listen. Michelle's love of planes is known as object affiliate, and she's not alone. Over 5,000 people worldwide are also in love with inanimate objects, and that's just what's been documented. Unable to fit 129 feet and six inches of 7, 3 7 into her apartment. The focus of Michelle's daily love is her models and the life size scrap parts she buys online. Michelle has spent some $6,000 on these 7, 3, 7 parts.


You judging, okay? But when the plane starts talking dirty to you, saying things like, baby, I'm carrying a full load, and the passengers are ready to disembark. Ooh, you can talk back to the plane dirty and say, Ooh, baby, you want your bin stuffed. Listen, man, Michelle said her biggest dream was to be married and live with the plane. She says she sleeps with her darling every night, either with real You know components like the spoiler, the flap, track bearing and tank valve, or a five foot two model. She said, intimacy is part of our relationship. I'm actually kind of shocked they couldn't make it work because in relationships there is going to be turbulence. Okay? See, in relationships, everything starts out good.


It's a smooth takeoff, but there is going to be points where a ride gets bumpy. That's why you have to wear your seatbelt on the plane. You can't get up and go to the bathroom right now. Sit here and figure it out. What you gonna do? Get up. Open the emergency door and jump out. Just because things are getting rough, you 30,000 feet in the air, that's not gonna work, okay? You are not going to be on cloud nine every moment of a relationship. Even If. you are dating a plane and none of this single ladies I know better be judging you better. Judging. Judging. I wasn't. I didn't know you were single. I wasn't even talking about you. Why you jumping in? Why you, why, why? Why you? Why are you just, You didn't know I Was. I had no idea all of your Nieces. You didn't know I was single. Alright, keep going. All I'm simply saying to all my nieces, okay?


All my nieces, Okay. At least Michelle had somebody, all right? She was with that plane. For. Nine. Years, okay? My single friends could never, or maybe they could, but they got too many wants, okay? These checklists of what they need a man to do and You know, You know they they, they don't even check off none of the boxes they looking for in others. I feel so bad for them. What you want in someone else, you must possess in yourself. So imagine how fly Michelle must be that she ended up with a whole plane as a sexual partner. For, Nine, Years. She did what works for her and for the record, her and the plane have stayed on good terms and the breakup wasn't too messy.


And she said her and the plane are Still Friends. That's good to know that Michelle in the plane had a smooth landing. Please give Michelle Cop K the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You the dog all the day. Ye the Good morning to all my single nieces. Good morning to all my single sisters. Everybody turn this way. Good morning to all my single friends, okay? It's just another option out there for y'all. Okay? That's why that fan won't open.


'cause God don't like ugly Hot. There is another option out there hot for y'all. Okay, hot. That's with a P. All right. Whoa. There's Another P option. All right. Whoa. I want y'all to know This over. How you feeling, Man? I felt great. Okay, man. I fucking Show. This is crazy. What's crazy? What? What's crazy? What? Hey, Mac, come here. Mac What? What? Big hit the wobble one time. Hit the wobble one time for Big Mac. You can't do the wobble. He lost weight. Do the Chacha. Sorry. No, Mac is concerned. Mac is concerned for who? You concerned about? He, he's concerned about the single people, single niece. What? Got Mac, the single sister lost Single. I know you not war between the single community and the Fat Lives Matter community Because you Don't want this war.


You don't want this war. We got nothing but time, baby. This Mac just talk. Just say what you said. I was just, I was just concerned because Say with your chest, come on. This, All of them. This lady took the Mile High Club like literally. And it just made me think that the way you was coming to the defense, that maybe you was just upset that you wasn't getting any turbulence in your middle seat. Wow. You said your middle seat is there, But this came from a Pink Spot. Love. I I love you. I love you. It came from love. I love you. And this is love. This Response is Even know, Lauren, why Are you taking this? Let Lauren speak. Lauren, why are you getting upset Ahead, Lauren?


I represented for my people And I. Just wanna say, who is your People, At least? At least who? Your people. A lot of the single community only need a middle seat. We don't need multiple seats. I mean, that's true. That's true. She Max, she said You know she cargo Max. Whoa. But it is obvious that ladies, it is getting bad. 'cause y'all fall in love with all in inanimate objects. Y'all fall in love with roses. Y'all fall in love with planes. Ain't true. It's, it's getting bad and everybody, Y'all are falling in love with objects like, Yo. Okay, it turn the wobble off. This is over. Wrap it Up. It's over. What's the last thing you fell in love with? This is not about me. We not Doing this.


Listen, man, I Don't even like, you should fall in love with objects. 'cause objects in the mirror are closer than they up appear. So that lets me know that objects, you'll be with the object before you be with a man. That's what I'm getting. I got faith in you. You gonna find, you gonna find somebody. You Gonna find somebody. That's what I'm getting from a hood. All Right, when we come back, yo


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's Michael the bull do com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


There's a lot of pros to drinking health ate kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste pro pairs. Well with anything pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple, Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today.


We've all tried protein drinks on the go, but why don't they taste more like the ones we make at home or from the juice bar? They're too chalky and too sweet from sugar or artificial sweeteners. We love the health benefits, but hate the taste. Now you can finally get both with Don't Quit protein drinks loaded with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins and minerals, and a cleaner approach to ingredients that use no artificial flavors or sweeteners, but still delivers that smooth texture and delicious taste we all crave. Fuel your perseverance with Don't quit clean protein drinks. Get yours now at Amazon.


Roku Has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sync your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


The Following is a High Five moment from high five casino.com. I won Woo Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army SART High five casino's, a social casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go by. Win three spins, cash prizes, free down the rewards. Over 1200 games I want. Again, platoon Present cell phone. High five. High five. Casino. Casino. win@highfivecasino.com I five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary would prohibit to play responsibly conditions supply. See website for details. I five Casino.