
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right. S CSA is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our Ives. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it all. Get your tickets now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


They gave me DONKEY of the Day And I deserve to. People need to know they need. Well you need to tell them I am because you have The voice. Tell them. Tell tell them Man. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, But you're so good at it. You trying to Be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Charmagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving D here today to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday, January 15th goes to a Hampton police officer named j Ron Harry. Now j Ron is a consumer of street meat and by street meat Emini here. He likes to pay for prostitutes, flute to all the street workers out there. But prostitution is illegal and the law is the law. Okay. I don't think prostitution should be illegal though.


If a woman wants to sell what she's got to get what she wants. Only thing I believe is that she needs to get a license to sell it. Okay? You have to have a license to sell alcohol. You have to have a license to sell weed. You have to get a food handlers permit to sell food. So it'd be, it should be the same thing with vagina. Okay? To legally sell most goods and services, you typically need some type of business license. So selling PPO should be no different. That would actually improve PPM all over the country. Okay? PPM is proper PPO management. I've been telling you about it for years. The reason there is so mismanagement of the, the reason there is so much mismanagement of the vagina is because it's not being treated like the business it is. And I must say this young woman that J Ron Harry got involved with, she's maybe she's, maybe she's not mismanaging her vagina.


I thought I started to say she absolutely is, but maybe she's not. See her name is Alexis Dream Copeland and police documents say J Ron Harry hired Dream for sex on December 30th with that dream quickly turned into a nightmare. Let's go to WAVY 10 on your side for the report please. Jerron Harry was a Hampton police officer when he met 20-year-old Alexis Copeland. AKA dream on an app Court documents say he told police he hired her for sex on December 30th. Those documents detail a meetup at an apartment in Virginia Beach, Linhaven Road. Harry told police he Apple paid Dream a hundred bucks for sex court documents. Said they laid in bed together before agreeing to shower.


But Harry said Dream never joined him in the shower. Instead, he got out to realize his phone, keys, Wallet, car and Dream were gone with his police credentials still in the vehicle. He called police using a neighbor's phone and explained what happened. Court documents show they were able to track down his vehicle in Norfolk with two people inside of it Dream. And a man she told police was her baby daddy. But Dream told police the Hampton police officer had agreed to let her use his car. Court documents show she admitted he did not give her permission though to use any cards from his Wallet. Which documents say she did? Yeah. Dreams not mismanaging her vagina. She did what she came to do.


J Ron did too much. When I read these court documents, that's the first thing I said. J Ron is doing too much. He wanted to lay in bed with her then he wanted to shower with her. Yeah, All of that is way too intimate to be doing with a prostitute. Okay? She is there to perform a sexual service and that's it. She robbed your ass J Ron because she realized you was a sucker. She realized you was green. She was like, this man paying me for sex but he wants to cuddle. He paying me for sex but he wants to shower with me. Now the shower thing could mean one or two, two things, okay? Either he was trying to be intimate or that means she was stinking. Okay? I'm telling you right now. Ladies prostitute or not. If you and a man together and he ask for y'all to get in the shower, it's probably 'cause you got a little older, okay?


All right now. Now this is how I know j Ron was green. The court documents say he went into the shower and you heard it on the news report just now. And Dream never joined him. So your big sucker for love ass left a prostitute alone with all your personal belongings. Then you got the nerve to wonder why when you got out the shower your keys Wallet and car were gone. J Ron, you deserved exactly what you got. Okay? Why in The World are you so trusting? This woman could have called people to rob your ass while you was in the shower. They could have had you laid down naked cheek spread, taking everything including your butt. Okay? These new wires different man. They want to kiss you and kill you. Now Dream said that J Ron gave her permission to use the call and honestly after seeing how much of a rookie j Ron seems to be, I wouldn't doubt it.


Okay, j Ron you need to be on Match. eHarmony, hinge, Tinder, OK Cupid, black people meet elite singles. Plenty of fish. Because what it sounds like you want is a girlfriend. You not built for the buying prostitute life. Okay? I can I I can see you not All right. You the type to go to the script club and you know, tell the scripts they don't need to be doing this. Okay? You probably an emotional sensitive, sensitive cancer like me, you seem like the type to kiss during a train after being the last man in the train. You just saw what? She put her mouth and you kissing her anyway. Please give j Ron. Harry the biggest. He haw Jesus.


He was probably singing in the shower too at night, man. Like a cop cow. He was probably going and like I like, hold on. She sure it's taking a little long. But I do know people hire prostitutes, not just for sex. They hire 'em for reasons. You always Well This is Hampton. This is Hampton, Virginia. Your neck of the woods. Shout to 7, 5, 7. But you know people sometimes hire prostitutes 'cause they just wanna talk. Sometimes they hire prostitutes because they just Wanna cuddle. You should spend that money on a therapist. If you just wanna talk, shut up here. Okay? Spend that a hundred dollars an hour on a therapist. His Therapist gonna be naked. He Wanted just talk. He wanted to get in the shower with Her. Sometimes he just wanna cuddle and take a shower. Yeah, He doing too much. But just, but don't want the commitment. Don't want a girlfriend, don't want to buy a gifts, but they just want that.


Now where did you get the part where he wants to lay down and spread her? Spread his butt cheeks. He anything gay? That's not what I said. What did you say? What I said was that's what she could have done while he was in the shower. Where Did you get that from? He was so trusting. It's just a hypothetical. He was so trusted. If comes to the butt, he was so trusted, spreading the cheeks. And she could have just called some guys in there to rob him and the guys could have came in the room. That's right. Took his butt, lay him down. See where we go. I go there. He's a cop. They know he a cop. So they gonna come in and tell him, get on the ground, lay down on your stomach. Oh, he was already in the shower? Yeah. What do he look like? Yo? What j Ron look like? I ain't seen no pictures of j Ron. I think some pictures are not a dream though. Dream.


You wanna See dream. She all right. She a hundred dollars my ass. Oh My God. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Is that a, is that a, you Don't like somebody you wanna talk to Dollars? My ass. You just wanna cut, cuddle and talk to What? What does she identify as? Does she Identify as cheat? Does she identify as a thug nigga? That's what she identify as. What she talking about? Look, like one of my own boys. She's talking about She didn't even do her hair Not for jail that day. That's a mugshot. Damn. Jesus Christ. Damn. All right. All right. Well thank you for that DONKEY day. Why They ain't make, they should, if they made Rocco take his hairpiece off, they should have made this girl take this off man. Like that ain't right man. Yo, it's not right. Okay. Yo, well, speaking of Rocco 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


If you Emini here, everybody online seen Rocco's mugshot, right? Rocco needs to sue the police department, Man. Right. That was cruel and unusual punishment. That's not right now. I didn't know Rocco had a a Hair piece. I ain't, I ain't know he had a head that shaped. It was like two different shapes. I didn't know that. I didn't Know Rocco's my guy. But that look crazy. So we're asking 805 85 1 0 5 1. All right. That's What happened when you carron justice. What? Justice Rocco. That's What happened when you demon carron. Yo, your head end up like that. No, man. Justice Rocco. That wasn't right. He need to sue the police department. Man, that was foul. That was cruel and unusual. Punish. No man, I would've took my middle piece out. I would've It stayed there. No, man, we've been wrestling. I would've take my, that's no way.


They don't Make women do that when they got, when they wearing wigs Word. Nah. So they do. No They don't. Nah. So they say you ain't Gotta take off your wig. Women ain't got tick off their wig for mugshot. For mugshot? No, not for the mugshot, but nah. How do y'all know? So it, it's, it is proven that they told 'em to take it off or because it could have been coming off like, I don't know. There's No way rocker would've took that mug shower. He would've, it would've been sideways before he had hair Like that. You, he could have been on the way there. You know what I'm saying? To get it redone or something that, that get redone. Probably didn't Probably, he might just had a hat on or something. Yeah, he probably was the prep, like was prepped. Well let, Let's justice for rock. Let's open up the phone lines. Eight hundred five eighty five one oh five one. Ladies, how do you feel if your man had a hairpiece Roc Roc should have told him it's a medical condition or something, man.


805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, would you mind if your man had a hairpiece? So, so do they glued on? Yeah, of course. It's glued on. His just wasn't on tight and that's how it came off. Or he was on the way to get it done. You know somebody with a headpiece? Yeah. How? No Hella niggas with headpieces. Really? Yes. Charlemagne. Charlemagne. No, I know you don't have a headpiece. You can see. Do you know somebody with Headpieces? I'm sure I do. Yeah. Yeah I do. They work here? Yeah. I don. No, that's the fake headline. Nevermind y'all. All of y'all was doing that. The fake headline. Hey yo, all of y'all is crazy. Oh, all the DJs up here? All of them. Such one. They was, oh yeah. All trying to stay young. And I think they was tattooing, you know how they, same Thing.


Oh no. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, how would you feel if your man had a hairpiece? Y'all go to bed at night, you put your wig off. He take his hairpiece off. Put it on the side table. God damn. Let's discuss. It's the breakfast slow. Good Morning


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne. Tha God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no Tales from the shadow. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Right, right, an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to Noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really No really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.