
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that.


Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Call DONKEY of the Day. And it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the DONKEY of today? Today? Well, Jess, hilarious. It's DONKEY today for Thursday, February 20th goes to the Coastal Fertility Clinic In Savannah, Georgia. Now I want to salute, I don't know if it's in Savannah, but it is in Georgia. I wanna salute all the women out there going through IVF treatments. We know what IVF treatments are, right? The fertilization of an egg by a sperm outside the body. Women get I-V-F-I-V-F for various reasons. Infertility, age, genetic concerns. It's a lot of reasons that women get IVF treatments. President Trump actually signed an executive order aiming to reduce the cost of IVF on Tuesday.


I believe that's a good thing, right? But what if you are a woman who is out there trying to get pregnant through IVF? You want to have that baby? Oh, the joy you feel two weeks after that embryo transfer and the doctor gives you a positive result and tells you that you have had a successful implantation in pregnancy. Drop one of cruise bombs with those who have experienced that level of joy. But what if you didn't get what you paid for, meaning you paid to get pregnant, you know, had the baby, but what if what they put into your cart isn't what you ordered? And you don't find this out until you receive knock, go your groceries. Okay, Uhuh, what are you talking about Uncle Charlotte? Well, what I'm talking about is exactly what happened to Christina Murray, a resident of Savannah, Georgia.


Salute to everyone who listens to us on 94.1, the beating Savannah. Christina was given the wrong order. Ladies and gentlemen, let's go to the today. Let's go to the Today Show for the report, please. My son's skin tone didn't match mine, but he was still my son. Dina Murray was finally living her lifelong dream of being a mother. He Was beautiful and perfect, but it was also very clear that something was wrong after A grueling round of IVF and nine months of pregnancy. Mari, a white woman using a white sperm donor gave birth in late 2023 to a baby boy with a much darker complexion. My son's skin tone didn't match mine, but he was still my son. What should have been a joyful first few months bonding with her son who she loved and wanted to raise was punctuated by constant fear and uncertainty because I didn't know whether it was a sperm mix up or whether he was someone else's.


Murray took a DNA test that confirmed her baby wasn't hers. Biologically the clinic she'd used coastal fertility specialist eventually determined that they'd mistakenly implanted another couple's embryo in Murray. Jesus, the biological parent sued her for custody and Murray chose to give the baby she loved up to them rather than fight. And I walked out of the building with an empty stroller and they left with my son. Damn. And she had a black widow baby or whatever, Rita or was saying on that song from back in the day. Listen, don't let Donald Trump hear about this. He's gonna blame it on DEI. All right? This white woman was trying to conceive a child and they put the wrong embryo in her and she ended up having what the lawsuit describes as a dark skinned African American baby.


I bet Christina was like, now I understand why I had all these strange cravings. Okay, Cajun collard greens. I never craved Cajun collard greens before I was pregnant. Oh my God. Is this why I couldn't stay outta Popeye's? I ate so much sweet potato casserole from roof crisp. Oh my God, there were signs. The smell of black and mouth smoke never bothered me. Can you imagine? You spent nine months preparing for a little bundle of joy and instead you give birth to a cultural awakening. All right, she probably named the baby woke. Now she gotta go buy books like Brown Baby Nursery Rhymes and other diverse children's stories. It's just a mess. And this isn't like getting your order wrong at a fast food restaurant where they can just, you know, give you what you asked for. This is a baby, okay?


If you don't like it, you can't just give it back. Imagine Coastal Fertility Clinic like, well ma'am, I know this isn't what you ordered, but what's wrong with it? It works. She said it hurt to give the baby away because in light of history she thought she should be able to sell it. Christina, I am sorry. You had to go through that. Okay. You bonded with the baby And I know the hardest part wasn't to mix up. It was explained to your husband why their baby was born with a full lineup. Please give the Coastal Fertility clinic the biggest. He haw. That is Wild. It's wild. Now what about when you have a baby and the baby comes out looking nothing like you, but it's actually yours. I'm dealing with that.


Can Anybody deal with that in this room? You are a clown. Oh, what happened? You're a, you're such a clown. What do you mean it's crazy? What are you talking about? Don't have a play with me like that in your life. Whatcha talking? Whatcha Talking about? First of all, my daughter got my eyes. Amy got the same blood type, so don't have a play with me. Yeah, I believe the blood type and my eyes is Chris. How does he that Face as Christus? Yeah, that skin is Christus. Okay. No, I know that white lady was like, what Could you imagine? They put that baby right on her chest and be like, whoa. You said she had to give away our son. I know that black fat. I know. She was like, y'all ain't gotta take me to court. Please take me, take The baby. Take this baby. Pay my baby. The only thing that would've made this story better is if she was actually racist.


I know, right? I know. That would be wild. Yo. That's crazy. Damn. What did she name the baby? 'cause she had to name the baby something. Right, Right, right. Kunta Shut up. I now made that up. I don't know what she name. But you're also idiot for the cravings too because not Popeye's, black and Milds and what else? I didn't even say that Cajun collard Greens yesterday did I? About, that's why I can't say all the Popeye's baby. Please. Please. Yeah, right. Alright, well thank you for that dog kid today. What you sucking your teeth for? Sky Max. So stupid man. What? Max Mac? Come here, Mac Poor Max say, oh God. What serious?


That's I talking about Popeye. He's so dumb. What you Just say? Mac? Mac be texting me. He texted me while you listening. What you said Mac, imagine You prepare for that baby. You bought all this sunscreen. Now you gotta buy Vaseline Jerking. Look shit. Jesus. Hey, damn, that's messed up. Oh my goodness. I hate this place. All right,


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LA and Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour.


Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you. What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions. What do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our Home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment.


Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Hey, Brooklyn nine Niners. It's a reunion. The ladies of the nine nine are getting back together for a special episode of the podcast More better host Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro, welcome friend and former castmate Chelsea Pertti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Oh yeah. And I was like, can I also hug them? Listen to more. Better with Stephanie and Melissa on America's number one podcast network. iHeart, follow more better. And start listening on the free iHeartRadio app today. Black History Month is here and we're excited to kick off season four of I Didn't Know.


Maybe you didn't either. This season we're shining a spotlight on revolutionary women who redefined excellence. Give Grace, wisher her flowers. Next time you see the American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. Listen to, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. From the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or simply wherever you get your podcast, I.