
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's sisters in P and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville. I was born a DONKEY. It's the DONKEY of the day. The DONKEY Day. That's pretty funny. Charlemagne the Devil, possibly The Breakfast Club. Yes, Don here today for Friday, March 28th, goes to Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene. Now, ever since Atlantic Magazine published Secretary of Defense, Pete hfs messages to a group chat on signal discussing classified war plans, Republicans have been turning themselves into Auntie Annie's pretzels trying to defend this foolishness. Okay? Some are just brushing it off as an honest mistake. Some are saying they weren't discussing classified war plans, but all of them are missing the obvious, much larger point on purpose.


And that point is that some of the top US officials in America shouldn't be on signal discussing anything that has to do with our government, and especially they shouldn't be discussing classified war plans. Now, some Republicans handle it better than others. I personally feel like when you are are being asked about something that makes your side look so incredibly stupid, just play it cool. Okay? Either don't comment or just act like it's no big deal. Mistakes happen. You've texted the wrong group chat before, blah, blah, blah, but Marjorie Taylor Greene didn't get that. Didn't get that. Keep it. Cool. Memo. Okay. No, not at all. See, the Georgia Republican refused to answer a question from a reporter about the incident and wait until you hear what our excuse was. Let's go to CNN for the report please.


Anybody else Should the defense secretary request What country are you? Wait, what country are you from? From the uk. Okay, we don't give a crap about your opinion and your reporting. House Republican member Marjorie Taylor Green lashed out at a Sky News correspondent Martha Kelner when she asked about the signal group chat controversy. Why don't you Go Back To Your Country where you have a major migrant problem? Okay? No, no, no, no, no. You should care about your own borders. Okay? Do you care about American lives people? No. Let me tell you something. Do you care about people from your country? What about all the women that are raped by migrants? Do you care about no by migrant? No. Do you care? Okay, you're done. I'm not. Do do you care about American lives being put up? You know what not I don don't. About service members fighting for your country. I don't care about your fake news. Vice president, The congresswoman from Georgia then called on an American journalist, but the reporter redirected her back to Ners.


Original question. Do You have a relevant question? Yeah. This an American journalist. Thank you. Yeah, I'm An American And I would like to hear your answer to what she's Asking. I'm not answering her question because I don't care about her network. If you would like to ask, I can answer. You know why Marjorie Taylor Green couldn't address the question? Because then she would be forced to address the national security concerns that any American, especially an elected official should have about this situation. Okay? This isn't a Democrat or Republican issue. This is an incompetence of our elected officials issue. Okay? Could get a whole lot of people killed. Issue, right? This is why we don't trust politicians because they put party before the people. It shouldn't matter what party a person is in this situation.


What should matter is right or wrong, qualified or unqualified, drunk or not drunk. See, I remember when Pete ef, president Trump's pick to run the Pentagon was accused of regularly abusing alcohol to the point that he passed outta the family gathering, okay? And once needed to be dragged out of a script club while in uniform. My kind of guy, by the way, just not the kind of guy I want running the Secretary of Defense. Now, these allegations, 'cause that's what they are, allegations were made by an ex relative and they were given to us lawmakers and reviewed. So when people see he's on signal talking like this, I think it's a valid question to ask whether or not the potential DUI hire is drunk. Okay? That has nothing to do with a party, all right? If you truly put country over your political party, but Marjorie Taylor Greene didn't want to have that convo.


She wanted to deflect accountability for her party's actions. Oh, oh, oh. Good old deflection. Okay? A tactic used to avoid criticism, blame, or negative consequences by diverting attention or responsibility away from oneself, there is no faster way to lose respect than to deflect. See Margerie, if you was to simply say what they did was wrong, we, the people, regardless of party, could respect that. Okay? You didn't even have to say there should be consequences, even though there should be. Just tell us that top US officials discussing classified war plans on signal is stupid and should never happen as an American, okay? I would've said, you know what? Thanks for telling the truth, Marjorie, but now you're just confirming what I already knew.


And that is that Marjorie Taylor Greene is a ultra realistic humanoid robot designed by Elon Musk. That's the only logical explanation. Okay? She is ai, artificial ignorance. All right? She connects to wifi just fine, but can't connect to basic human decency and truth. Listen, message to all elected officials, you have to be able to call out your own. If you call out your own, then you can be respected by all. But if right or wrong depends on who's right or left, then you just a pawn. Please give Marjorie Taylor Green the sweet signs of the Hamiltons. Oh, You're the doggy of the day. You're the doggy of the day.


All right. I feel like Marjorie Taylor Green is the perfect example of the military man, school lady. Who's the military man? School lady. Oh, Show was Nancy May. Nancy May. Nancy May. Oh, you think they like the same look Like she been? No, no, no. Nancy May. You wouldn't look at her and be like, oh, you went to a military mand school. You look at Marjorie Taylor Green. Oh, she looked like she went to a military mand School. You had a class like, yeah, like you ran the class Because she diesel like, Yo, what I'm talking about shorty is stocky. Like I wouldn't even wanna fire Her. Well, that's how Elon Musk designed her. That's how Elon Musk designed her. Yeah. I don't think I'm telling you, she's a HU Robot designed by Elon Musk. I really believe that. Crazy. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


Wake That ass up early In the morning.


The Breakfast Club Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off, but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs making it worse. Ome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get ome and fix your gut. Now. Call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence. Test that star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.