
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring Spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms. Applies to orders over $35.


Your execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go read. They gave me DONKEY Of the day And I deserve to. You need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at you trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne it. Only one charlamagne. This could be fun. Damn Charlamagne today too man. It's recording. You ready? For People that don't know Jess Hilarious is actually doing the recording for Charlamagne's DONKEY today too because When you work at iHeart, you gotta have multiple jobs. Okay? Alright, DONKEY, today for Wednesday, April 9th goes to a 350 pound teacher named Jason Rogers.


Now I am not here to fat shame anyone this morning. I wouldn't even be bringing this man's weight into this DONKEY if it wasn't pertinent to the story. In fact, in an effort not to fat shame Jason Rogers. I will say nice things like I believe Jason Rogers has a six pack. It's just hidden underneath a protective layer of fat. Okay? The same women the same way women have like protective hand hairstyles like corn rolls and wigs, right Jess? Right. And twists. Sometimes people get fat on purpose to protect the incredible physique they have underneath all that. Okay? Fat people can unlock that hidden character in that video game anytime they want to. Okay? I am not here to fat shame anyone this morning.


Fat people are in shape. Round round is a shape. Anyway. Jason Rogers was charged with malicious punishment of a child after he allegedly stepped on three students' backs during a lockdown drill. Let's go to K-B-T-X-C-B S3 for the report Police. An Underwood, Minnesota teacher is facing charges after deputies were called to an area hospital for a report of an assault. Jason Rogers is charged with one count of malicious punishment of a child and is on administrative leave from the school district. Deputies were called to Lake Region Hospital for a reported assault at Underwood School. A sixth grader says that he was a laying on his stomach during a lockdown drill when Rogers stepped on his back with both feet.


Geez. Court records indicate that Rogers weighs more than 350 pounds and Rogers admitted to stepping on three students who weren't cooperating during the drill. He's scheduled to be in court on April 8th. What? I feel like I'd tell y'all this once a week, but please don't become a teacher if you truly don't care about kids. Jason, you know you 350 pounds, what the hell you doing? Stepping on those kids for you told police that you were frustrated. They weren't taking the lockdown drill seriously. Well, there was other ways to show them why they should take this seriously. What if those kids were frustrated? You weren't taking your health seriously? What if they told you that you should be teaching history? Because just like history, you are heavy and full of layers.


Not to mention during a lockdown drill, they didn't need you to lock the door because your big ass was already blocking the entrance. Okay? Don't even need a damn barricade. All we need you to do is stand in front of the door and create a human wall with built-in snack storage. Okay? I am not fat shaming, by the way. I'm just making observations. Alright? Jason stepped on these students because he was frustrated with them. Well, what if they bought a scale for you to step on every day because they frustrated with your big bodied self, huh? Not to mention a lot of the kids were complaining that Mr. Rogers assigned homework like he ordered fast food in bulk and with no shame. Mr. Rogers Fat. Mr. Rogers. Okay. Fat Mr. Rogers is crazy. Okay? Fat.


Mr. Rogers sat down to tie his shoes and it was considered a two part episode, okay? Fat Mr. Rogers trolley didn't go to the land of make believe and went to the land of all you can eat. There is not a cardigan in America that could fit fat. Mr. Rogers. Okay? Fat. Mr. Rogers wouldn't wear a cardigan. He would wear a weighted blanket with but with buttons. Okay? Fat. Mr. Rogers cardigans weren't hand knit. They were engineered by SpaceX and they had the ability to withstand body heat and snack crumbs. But I am not fat shaming. I am just making observations about a situation. See, what's sad is kids trust in adults. Okay? You are a teacher. These kids, parents drop them off every day to be in your care. So when I hear one of the children say, I did not know why Mr. Rogers did this, because Mr. Rogers didn't say anything about it.


Didn't even try to correct him. He's just sitting there all fat and frustrated. Okay? Portly and perturbed. Dumpy and disturbed. Didn't even tell the kids what the issue was. And then if the kid described, it just stepped on him like he was a stepping stool. Mm, I bet money Jason Rogers thinks more of the stepping stool than he does, than he does those kids. Because I don't think Jason Rogers would risk putting that 350 pounds of weight on a stepping stool. Okay? He's 350 pounds. This man is terrified of the word steps. Ask his Fitbit. All right? When the class heard the child yell out, they thought that Mr. Rogers had broke the child's back. Man, it's not funny, man. This is what the Bully report says.


That's not funny. Jesus, won't you be my neighbor? My ass. Especially not on the plane. This is sad. I can't trust you to properly teach my kids. Jason Rogers lunchtime can't be you and the student's most favorite time of the day. Pop targe, pop quizzes. What do you enjoy more, Mr. Rogers? Listen, the moral of the story is a quote from John C. Maxwell. Students don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. I repeat. Students don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. When students feel cared for, they are more likely to be engaged in the learning process and motivated to succeed. It's that simple.


And one thing's for sure. Two things for certain. I know Jason wasn't no gym teacher. Please give Jason Rogers the sweet signs of the Hamiltons, The of Heehaw. How? How old were these kids? I think it says sixth grade. Sixth grade. Yeah. So that's the whole classroom. Really, if you think about it, at least take at least, let me see. I would say at least five kids to be three 50 in sixth grade. Some kids to be a hundred pounds in sixth grade maybe.


Right? Maybe in 80, 90, close to a hundred. So Would you be like 12, 13 years Old? I don't know. He might be a math teacher though. How strong are those kids? A lot of addition, Baxter Uphold that 350 pounds. They they weren't the man. They said the kid. The kid yelled out in pain and traumatized the whole class. The class thought the kid's back was broke. Are you talking about I couldn't hold a 350 pound person stepping on my back? Could you imagine Mac one of our producers standing on your back? You do realize that's the whole DONKEY day was about. I'm just saying, but I That's literally What the whole DONKEY, I think my back would Really be broke. The fact that he shouldn't have been three 50 Emini here first. You shouldn't be standing on no kid's. Back up. I thought Mac was walking in. I got a little nervous.


All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today Sir. And just thank you for holding the camera. You are welcome. You know I like it justice. Trying out other jobs just in case around here. Just in case. What? Damn right, justice. Don't going live again tonight. Alright. When we come back, Larry Murrow will be joining us. He's the owner of Murrow Hospitality Group. He several restaurants in Louisiana, new Orleans area, a bunch of clubs, hide and Seat Tree House. Murrow Steak. One of the greatest entrepreneurs in the country today. Spicy mango. And we gonna talk to him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Spring cleaning. Sure if we have to, but we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's Entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting.


They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feed. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the Best Spring streaming pics. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back.


Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. This episode is brought to you by Purina. This is Samantha from stuff Mom never told you. May is National Pet Month. It's time to reimagine how you care for the cat you love. Tivity is powered by Purina and developed by pet experts. Pet's Smart Litter Box monitor at App track your cat's weight and litter box behavior alerting you to changes you may not notice on your own so you can act sooner if something is off. Shop the Pet Tivity Smart Litter Box monitor to try this game changing technology. Tivity powered by Purina.