
Black Tech Green money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there.


Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Ba


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex cam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S node and Z series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions. Apply to att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


This is Holly Fry from stuff you Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back and enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more National sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


It's time for DONKEY of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it If. you feel I deserve it? Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne and Guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If, you gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean. I'm mean who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that. Don't. Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the day right there at The. Breakfast Club bitches. You can call me the DONKEY of the day, but like I mean no harm. Yes. DONKEY of the day for Wednesday, August 7th goes to American Olympic gymnast Mikayla Skinner. Mikayla is a former teammate of Simone Bowes and back in June, Mikayla said, besides Simone, I feel like the talent and the depth just isn't what it used to be In reference to the women's gymnastics team. You know, just notice like, I mean obviously a lot of girls don't work as hard.


The girls just don't have the work ethic. Can we hear that clip please? But besides Simone, I feel like the talent and the depth just isn't like what it used to be. I just noticed like, I mean obviously a lot of girls don't work as hard. The girls just don't have the work ethic like, and it's hard too because of SafeSport, like coaches can't get on athletes and they have to be really careful what they say, which in some ways is really good. But at the same time, to get to where you need to be in gymnastics, you do have to be, I feel like a little aggressive and a little intense. Mm. Now she has since deleted that video, but I'm sure the young ladies on that team, including Simone, didn't like that.


Hell, the coaches pride didn't like it either. Okay, I understand. She said besides Simone, but Simone is like, these still my teammates. I'm still gonna ride for them. So Simone Biles on IG posted a series of photos of the 2024 US women's gymnastics team after day won gold. And her caption was lack of talent. Lazy Olympic champions drop on a cruise bombs. So Simone Biles success is always the best clap back. Okay, success is always the best revenge. Oh, we don't have work ethic. The talent isn't what it used to be. Watch this. Now, If, you ask me. I don't even think Simone Bobs was talking directly to Mikayla. I'm sure the US women's gymnastics team had a lot of critics and if Simone was really being petty, she could have quoted Mikayla directly.


Okay. But a hit dog will holler and social media is gonna make sure that dog gets hit because after Simone put that post up, I guess social media did what it does. And that start to tag Mikayla to remind her of what she said and let her know Simone finally responded by bringing home the gold. Okay, well Makayla turned into my Karen, okay? And McCarran became the victim and she asked Simone to put a stop to the cyber bullying she's experiencing after Simone's post. Can we hear what she had to say? Unfortunately, things have really gotten outta hand lately, and it's one thing to disagree with me regarding something I have said, but it's something else entirely when that turns into cyber bullying.


Or even worse, watching people cheer on the bullying, which has led to threats of physical harm to me, my husband and our daughter is disgusting. Please, at this point I am just asking for it to just stop for the sake of my family because enough is enough. If Simone truly believes that I called our team lazy and lacking talent, and if that's really how she feels, I am really heartbroken over it. But that's what she said. Like see, here's the thing. Like I get like why do people do that? If Simone feels like I said that you said that.


See, here's the thing. McKayla or McCarran, mc, And, I, you are, you are an athlete, all right? Former athlete, you competed at the highest levels. You understand how criticism works. Let's just say the US women's gymnastics team didn't do well at this year's Olympics. Everyone would've went to your original comments and they would've said, see, McKayla is correct. They don't have work ethic, they don't have the talent and depth they used to. They would've been repeating your comments over and over to the team on social media, McKayla, what you've called that cyber bullying. See, that's the problem with rhetoric and words. If, you going to dish it? You have to be able to take it. Okay? When you offer opinions about others, one or two things are going to happen.


Either you're gonna be right or you gonna be wrong. Either people are going to agree or disagree. In the case of something like this, Mikayla gave an opinion that at the time some people could either agree or disagree with, but it was up to the US women's gymnastics team to prove Mikayla wrong and they did okay. And now that she's been proven wrong, she gotta deal with that simple. Now she's asking for Simone's help. Can we listen to that one? I am asking you directly and publicly to please put a stop to this. Please ask your followers to stop. You have been an incredible champion for mental health awareness and a lot of people need your help.


Now, Don't make this about Simone Biles and what she needs to make. Stop. First of all, it's never gonna stop. Now social media is cutthroat business. A bunch of sharks in the water, when they smell blood, they coming. You got online pleading with these heathens. You think that they're gonna listen to you? No. You think they're gonna stop? If Simone Biles tells them to, no, they gonna go harder. But the moral of the story is you bought this on yourself. The best way to not have your piece disturbed is to not disturb the piece to others. So don't put this on Simone. Don't make it seem like Simone is bothering you or causing people to bully you. No, okay? Technically, you bothered them first and you were wrong.


They proved you wrong. So you have to deal with everything that comes with that. Please give Mikayla Skinner the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY of the day. Alright? Why do people do that? I Don't know. I don't know. All right, well, thank you for that DONKEY of the day.


DONKEY of is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chassen featuring Megan Trainor out today saying goodbye because I'm done. You, I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to chase him for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to Pres Save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Are you spending a fortune while shopping on Amazon? What if I said you can earn cash back while you shop? Introducing, drop the Ultimate Rewards app, whether it's fashion, electronics, or groceries, you can earn free gift cards just by shopping online or in store at tons of your favorite brands. Download the Drop app now and start earning while you shop. Plus, for a limited time, use code. Drop one one to get $5 in points instantly.


Zen nicotine pouches deliver nicotine satisfaction anywhere, anytime, which means Zen pairs well with you, your personality, your schedule, and your spontaneity. Zen fits easily into your bag pocket and into your life because it's smoke-free hands-free and hassle-free. So the only person who will know you have a Zi pouch in is you. Visit zinn.com or head to your local convenience store today to find your Zen warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical


In every pair of Kovas boots. You can expect handmade quality, first wear, comfort, and timeless Western style Kovas boots are always made from premium, bovine, and exotic leathers. And with occasional resoling, they will last a lifetime. The best way to shop for Boots is at your local Kova store where you'll be greeted by the smell of fresh leather and a friendly smile. Come on in, grab a cold one, get fitted by a pro and shop the latest styles. Visit covas.com. That's T-E-C-O-V-A s.com. And don't go gently, y'all.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Group Void, where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.