
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars In the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future, generations future. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. This is a miracle. There Is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a DONKEY to The latest on that police Killing of a black man.


Now to New developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what He did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white, a white man that the Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? DONKEY of the Day for Wednesday, March 5th goes to the Democrats, all of them as a party staff and mother effing crew for the way they left. Congressman Al Green out there on an island unto himself. First of all, salute to Congressman Al Green drop on a clues bombs for Congressman Al Green. You got some nuts.


OG. Okay, if you didn't watch the State of the Union last night, then you missed 77-year-old Congressman Al Green stand up and disrupt President Donald Trump's speech. Now I was, as I was watching the State of the Union, the only thing I kept thinking was I really don't know what Democrats do. Okay? Trump is a force of nature, all right? You can't stop 'em. You can only hope to contain them. And that energy has been projected on the whole Republican party. And regardless of how you feel about their policies, regardless of how you, how we know, okay, their policies are gonna ruin the American economy. Guaranteed. They just come off strong Democrats. Democrats come off as weak, okay? And Democrats are never able to properly articulate the threat. They say Republicans are okay. They go to the extremes, right?


We've heard all the greatest hits threat to democracy, fascists, constitutional crisis. And even if these things are true, Democrats never quite act like it. And last night was more of the same. Okay? That's why, once again, I wanna salute Congressman Al Greene for standing up and attempting to call a thing a thing. Okay? If Trump is as bad as Democrats say he is, then somebody in the Democratic Party has to act like it. Okay? Somebody has to throw a middle finger to tradition. Somebody has to throw a middle finger to the norms and do something different. You got to try something different. Okay? Michelle Obama said, when they go low, we go high. Well, that is the old play from a old playbook in 2025. When they go low, you gotta take it to the flow with 'em.


Okay? You gotta scrub the mother effing ground. And Congressman Al Green took a page outta the Republican playbook. He did what? Republican Congressman from South Carolina, Joe Wilson did when he had, when he yelled, you lied at Obama. Let's listen. The reforms, the Reforms I'm proposing would not apply to those who are here illegal. It's not true. I feel so light now in retrospect. Right? And let's not forget Marjorie Taylor Green disrupting President Biden at his State of the Union speech. It's not about him. It's not about me. I'd be a winner.


Not really. I Lincoln. Lincoln Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by and illegal Biden spun that. Well, so listen, I know right Wing media is gonna spin it like Congressman Al Green and Democrats were being petty what they learned from the best. Okay? Would you like to hear how Congressman Al Green got down last night? Well, let's go to Sky News Australia for the report, please. Mr. Green, take your seat. Take your seat, sir. No, Take your seat. Democrat. Representative Al Green was dramatically kicked out of the chamber after disrupting Donald Trump's joint address to Congress tonight.


Finding that members continue to engage in willful and concerted disruption of property decorum. The chair now directs the sergeant at Arms to restore order. Remove this gentleman from the chamber. Green showed no remorse for his disruption, saying it was worth being kicked out to make his point. It is, It's the best way to give it across to a person who uses his incivility, who uses his incivility against our civility. I, I'm willing to suffer whatever punishment is available to me. I didn't say to anyone, don't punish me. I've said I'll accept the punishment, but it's worth it to let people know that there are some of us who are going to stand up against this President's desire to cut Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security.


What were you saying? And, and I'm also working on my articles of impeachment. This president is unfit, he should not hold the office. 34 felony convictions two times impeached Drop out a clue bomb for Al Green. I have no problem with what the OG did there, but here's my issue. Old men for council, young men for war. Where was the Young Warriors? Okay, even if you didn't want to set it off like Congressman Al Green did. You gotta stand with him when he does. Okay? You gotta walk out with him in protest when they kicked him out. Al Green is 77. He out there with a cane. Okay? Looking like the old man in New Jack City. Rest in peace to Bill Cobbs. Remember when the old man was telling Nino Brown, he going to hell?


That's how Congressman Al Green looked. But where was the rest of the Democrats? Huh? Y'all left Captain America to fight the black order by himself. Imagine if those portals opened up an Avenges end game, but instead of coming out the fight, the rest of the Avengers just sat there and watched, watched Captain America get embarrassed. That's what Democrats did to Congressman Al Green last night. And it made an already weak party. Look weaker. Okay? House Speaker Mike Johnson called for the house sergeant at Arms to remove Al Green from the chamber Democrats. Y'all should have walked out with him. Emini here. Look, I don't know what else it is for Dems to do. They are just a lost party. No real fight whatsoever. It's like Republicans and Democrats aren't even playing the same game. They not in the same league. They not shooting at the same basket.


They aren't even speaking the same language. And I don't know what Democrats do to cut through because when they have moments, they make a statement. Like last night they fumble. Now I know all the oth, all the older Democrats, okay? The Congressman Clyde Burns of The World and Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, the ones that go along to get along like Hakeem Jeffries. I know they gonna follow protocol and show up to the State of the Union. But the younger ones, you all honestly shouldn't have shown up if you weren't going to be more disruptive. Okay? Poor Al Green, he, he dropped his nuts. Okay? Maybe he thought if I set it off, folks will follow suit. But no, y'all out there holding up signs like it's a silent auction. Okay?


Matter of fact, they weren't even signs, they were pickleball paddles, okay? Democrats were out there looking like a bunch of pickleball, paddle polishers, okay? They this, they really were looking like they wanted to challenge Trump and the Republican party to a friendly game of pickleball. When diplomacy fails, perhaps a friendly pickleball match on the house floor can settle the score. No. Look man, we in strange times, okay? Because Trump can stand up there and tell a lot of lies, but nobody cares because if you are a Democrat, you think Republicans are always lying. If you are a Republican, you think Democrats are always lying. So nobody is listening objectively. Okay? But at this point, it's not about policy, sadly, it's about optics.


And I don't know how Democrats can change the optics without a massive overhaul of the whole party. Okay? America, we are just gonna have to let things play out. But when the inevitable fumble from Republicans come and it will because the economy is only gonna get worse, get run teed. Okay? People will not be able to afford their basic needs. Get run teed. It's been 11 recessions in this country since World War ii. Okay? 10 have been under Republican presidents. We more than likely will be headed towards another one. So Republicans are gonna fumble. I just believe that when they do, Democrats don't have the team to recover the ball because Congressman Al Green had the ball last night and you damn sure didn't have the team to block for 'em.


Please give the Democratic Party the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY of Let's to congressman. Now green once again, man. Absolutely. Question. Why did you use Australia News team? I have no idea. Ask. Ask our producers. Oh, I was just curious why you use the Australian news time talking about, about American stuff. I just, I thought that was, I had no idea.


There's so many people covering that. Just why Did you do that, Eddie? They didn't, Australia couldn't believe it either. They was like, Hold up, we gotta report this. Our producers texted me And I to tell me why you, We don't do good news reports in America. We Not. Not not Trump would be mad. That is true. You said keep it American. That is true. And you, you were just going to go and Use it Australia when we got all these dudes. Cash. Channel 2, 4, 5, 7, 9 Podcast is sunshine right now. Eddie said 'cause they had the best report. Oh, that's what he said. Luther Scott News. Well, they gonna put a tariff on him. Alright, so thank you for that DONKEY of today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the upend, the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan, March 7th, only On Stars.


In the Stars app.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Ready to celebrate The magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.