
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At t connecting Changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


America, we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. By honoring your sacred vocation of education, you impact your family, your friends, and your community. At Grand Canyon University, our online bachelor's, master's, and doctoral education degree programs allow you to balance online coursework with observational and hands-on experience in the field. Find your purpose at GCU Private Christian, affordable visit gcu.edu.


You Are adult DONKEY. Everything that Charla is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY Today for Wednesday, August 28th goes to 58-year-old Samantha McPherson of Arkansas. Samantha, Samantha. Samantha, you are too grown to be making rookie mistakes. Okay, now Samantha is a connoisseur of edibles. Okay? Edibles are all the rage now. All right? Marijuana is legal in 38 states for medical reasons in about 24 states. For recreational purposes, I am an edible user. Okay? Only on weekends when I wanna relax. Started doing it during the pandemic when my anxiety was through the roof, okay? I was having trouble sleeping. Had a friend of mine who was in the cannabis business, and he also deals with anxiety, and he put me onto some good old indigo.


Okay? Once I learned my dosage, which is about five to 10 milligrams, I was good. I don't do it every day. I only do it on weekends. And, I, enjoy it. Okay? Tyson bites, punch bar, chocolates, and wild edibles are my favorites. If, you must know I'm saying all that for you to understand what happened to Samantha is one of my worst nightmares, but it's a teachable moment for us all. See, Samantha is an owner of a in home daycare. Okay? You already know where this is going. And she's been charged after two kids, a 2-year-old and a 15 month old allegedly ate marijuana gummies while in her care. Yes, according to Ky, three investigators said on April 3rd, the parents of a 2-year-old picked her up from daycare and noticed she was not acting like herself.


They took her to the hospital and lab test results. Came back to show the young lady had marijuana in her system. On April 5th, authorities got another call about a second daycare victim. These parents told police that when they picked up their 15 month old boy from the daycare, he was acting unusual. Okay? They took the child to a pediatrician who did a blood test. The result came back positive for marijuana as well. Authorities interviewed McPherson and she said she takes THC gummies and stores them in the kitchen area. Deputy said that's the same area with the kids. Eat and play. Okay? McPherson told investigators there are around eight kids at the daycare and the 58-year-old woman also told investigators she buys the gummies in Missouri and brings them back to Arkansas.


This is why parents have to have a mini fridge in their rooms with a lock on it, okay? Or If, you have a fridge outside in the garage like I do, put 'em in there. These edibles look like candy. They taste like candy. They're gummies, they're chocolates. Kids will be attracted to that. Like a wrap under 25 is attracted to fentanyl. And when I tell you as a parent, these are things I think about because I got small kids in the house. There is no reason that you, Samantha shouldn't be thinking about these things too, okay? Especially when you have an in-home daycare. Listen, adults, we grown, okay? We can do what grown folks do. We know we grown and we can do all the grown things we want, but in the process of doing our grown activities like the edibles, we have to think about protecting our kids and furthermore, protecting our peace.


Because when I'm high and my mind gets to wandering, I start thinking about my things. I start thinking about things like You know, You know. I start thinking about things my child would ask me normally, which can blow you high. But imagine if they accidentally got in your stash and got high, the questions they would ask. Now, where's my man? Big Mac. Mac hit the wobble. Oh, ain't no wobble. Oh, I'm sorry. It's not not wobble. Oh, he had all my songs earlier that y'all was traumatizing me. Well, you better Had a wobble. Wobble, baby wobble baby wobble. I sing It now. Mac, you pretend to be high title of one. I'll be high Title of two. Let's blow our parents high with questions. Go. Got it, mommy, mommy. Oh, gimme Some music first. Oh Yeah, yeah. Let's set the, Gimme some music. Turn that up a little here.


Ooh, that's rug rats. Okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. Okay, Mommy. Mommy is is blues clues really dry snitching. Ooh, daddy, daddy can I watch Pepper Pig even though we Muslim Mama. Mama, can I get a GED from the schoolhouse rock? Ooh. Ooh. Daddy. If Bluey is a girl, why does she look just like her daddy? Is she trans? What? Wait, bluey is a girl? Yes. Wait, then why? Why is she not pinky? Because daddy watches pinky videos all the time on the computer. Why Does Dora always ask what something is when she got a map that talks Mama is swiper.


No swiping a scammer. Daddy. Daddy. How does Sponge Bob light a fire? Underwater is bikini body in another dimension. Mama. Mama. Hold on, hold on. Why baby shark got a mommy shark and a daddy shark, but Jimmy got a daddy shark and a daddy shark. Yo, Yo Daddy, daddy. When Pepper snorts, is she laughing or just communicating and shouldn't Pepper's primary language be pig Latin? Mama? Mama you got these edibles from Grace's corner. Daddy, how does Doris hair stay perfect through all those adventures?


Mama, mama, daddy got locked up 'cause he's from Sesame Street. Daddy, Daddy, have you ever noticed Pepper Pig's house is on the steepest hill ever? Like if they roll outta bed, don't they just keep rolling? Mama, mama. Daddy said Little Einstein gets a lot of head. What? Get a lot of what He smart 'cause he get a lot of head. I think I caught contact Daddy. Daddy. How come nobody ever questions the talking to animals maps and backpacks on door to Explorer. Are they as high as we are right now? Yes they are my child. The moral of the story is adults when it comes to your edibles, keep them locked outta sight and outta reach from the kids.


Okay? Please give Samantha McPherson the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You Are the dog. I haven't heard this one in years Day. You are the dog. I haven't heard this one in class Years. The day he, It's classic. That's the Karma guides. I actually think about a lot of this stuff when I'm high. I Had one More. Let me hear it. Mommy. Why daddy stare at your sister's km melon so much. Yo Km melons. Daddy is pepper pig Really?


The origin story of where Bacon comes from? Huh? Daddy? How come Boots Wear Boots did Nothing else. Nobody says anything. How does SpongeBob light a fire underwater? Yo envy. Did we miss the hot box? I wish I took an edible because they laughing. And I. I just, I just, maybe they took edible this morning. Yo, I'm always high so My goodness we Missed it. Why do you think I got the muy so much? I ain't get this way by accident. Lord have mercy Sativa. Mommy. Mommy. Why is Mac so fat? I dunno. I would've join in. I don't know. I I should have took al two.


We just sitting there 'cause we got a new board up and they don't know when to go to break yet. Here. That's, no, it's topic top. Oh, okay. Alright. Alright. Well this is awkward, uncomfortable. Well guys, We don't have a topic. No, We do have a topic. What's the topic? What Topic? The topic is, should your political choices divide your relationship? So y'all remember Like a, oh, we didn't have a meeting about the topics. No, we went back and forth and then they just said, sit in the audio, but I don't trust the audio. So I was like, I'm not going that way With that. No. I listened to the audio. I listened to the audio. So y'all remember like a few years ago, right when it was like such a big thing, If, you were Trump supporter or If, you were not a Trump supporter depending on what side you were on.


People were like, I can't rock with you. I can't date you. So does your political views matter in your relationship? Yeah. Like would you like, yeah, You have to be on the same. I like this is you Gotta be aligned a bit. You have to be aligned. It's a little bit more trickier now because people are really on both sides. Okay, all, so this comes out of a Robert F. Kennedy Jr. He sat down for an interview and he talks about how his wife is receiving hate for the fact that he is now a part of Trump's like supporters, But is his wife or Kamala Junior don't know who he Wanna support yet his his wife doesn't have, he, he doesn't state who she supports. He, he just says that she supports him and it made me think like, I don't know if I could put up she getting death threats online. Okay, she getting, I'm not Going through all that.


Let's, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Could you date somebody or marry somebody that their political views are not the same as yours? Maybe you are going for Kamala, they're going for Trump. Or maybe you're going for Trump. They're going for Kamala. Let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning.


DONKEY Today is brought to you by the law office of Michael s LAIs Off. Don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk O'Reilly. You need parts O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need. We have thousands of professional parts. People doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability, just one part that makes O'Reilly stand apart. The professional parts people, Oh, oh oh, O'Reilly Auto Parts.