
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex cam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S note and Z Series Smartphone Limited time offered 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


So If you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY man? Hit it with the hero. The Breakfast. Club bitches. Who's DONKEY of the day today? Well, and Sharon DONKEY of today for Friday, August 30th, goes to the Montgomery County Court System in Pennsylvania. Ladies in Gman. Today's DONKEY is a prime example of why, regardless of what the situation is, you always have to hear both sides. Because if I told you right now, Christopher Casey, 56 years old of upper Morland, was sentenced last week in Montgomery Court to 11 and a half to 23 months. In, in, in the county jail, followed by three years of probation after pleading guilty to a charge of manslaughter. What would you think if I told you he was also charged for possession of an instrument of crime?


What would you believe? What do you think? Envy and ll Cool Bay when I say this man was charged and sent to prison for manslaughter, what goes through your mind? Envy. That's where it should be. Yeah, he killed somebody. Mm. Okay. But that's why you always have to hear both sides. Oh, see, Casey was originally charged with third degree murder in the January death of a 62-year-old man named Robert Wallace. Robert lived next door in a duplex. They shared a common wall. Well, apparently Christopher Casey was a snorer, not just any type of snorer. Apparently the type of snorer who who snores could leave his mouth, travel through the walls, travel through the walls, and then Robert Wallace's ears. Okay, we all know the person who snores falls asleep first and keeps everybody else up.


Well, one day Robert had had enough and he decided that he needed to do something about Christopher Casey snoring. What happened next is tragic and is yet another example of why humans need better conflict resolution skills. Let's go to six a, b, c News Philly for the report please. Right now to a deadly stabbing in Hatborough Montgomery County, 56-year-old Christopher Casey will spend up to 23 months behind bars for a death that stemmed from an argument over snoring. He pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. Prosecutors say Casey stabbed Robert Wallace who'd pushed in a window and threatened to kill Casey over his loud snoring. The two men lived next door to each other in a duplex. This is why you always have to hit both sides.


First of all, if anyone has ever told you that you snore, just know that person is very carefully weighed. The pros and cons of killing you, okay? They have played it out in their head over and over. They've thought about it. If I let this person live, I will never get a good night's sleep, but if I kill him, I'll sleep well just in a prison cell. So there is a part of me that understands Robert's frustration. He did what so many people have thought about You know doing all right, meaning he wanted a good night's sleep and he knows he could. He would never get one with Christopher's freight train snoring in the next apartment. I'm just assuming it was freight train snoring because this man was in a whole other whole other apartment, okay? They weren't roommates, they weren't bunk bed buddies. This man was in a whole other apartment. He could and he could hear 'em through the walls. So this wasn't no mild snoring, no moderate snoring.


This was freight train snoring that Robert could hear through the walls, okay? These walls must have been made outta the same material that Kawhi Lynn his knees are made out of. Because for Robert to be able to hear the snoring and then try to push in Christopher's first floor window and threaten to kill him, I have one question. What else was Christopher supposed to do? If somebody is pushing in your window and threatening to kill you, am I supposed to wait until they get in my residence and wait and see if they really want to kill me? No. I have to defend myself. I have to attempt to to neutralize the threat. I'm shocked Christopher didn't have a gun. Okay? They found Robert 50 feet away from the residence after suffering the stab wounds. So clearly he stuck him someplace fatal. But If, you had a gun, they would've found him dead right there at the house.


Okay? I think it's terrible that a life was lost, but If, you attempt to push in someone's window, you're breaking into someone's house and you're threatening to kill them. You're kinda asking for it. Now, back to the Montgomery County court system. I don't believe Christopher should have been found guilty of anything. Was it because he stabbed him several times? That has to be the reason because this man should not be facing any charges. I did some research and by research I mean Googled and Pennsylvania has a stand. Your ground law, deadly force is reasonable in specific cases. If someone is unlawfully entering your home, work or vehicle, if someone has unlawfully entered your home work or occupied vehicle and is trying to unlawfully remove you, now it does say the force.


You must, the force you use must be equal to the force you are threatened with. Whether or not you provoked the circumstances is decided on a case by case basis. I don't think snoring is provoking someone to try to hurt you. Okay? Alright. And it says it has to be viewed upon the totality of circumstances. For example, courts have said that the mere use of insulting words, which leads to a fight, does not rise to the level of provoke. But once again, if someone is breaking into your house right, unprovoked and threatening to kill you, I personally have no problem with a person responding the way Robert Wallace did. Now, Lauren Envy, after hearing both sides, what do you think? Free Christopher or nah? Yeah, You know you ain't gonna break into my house and me just sit there and look at you.


Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, alright. Just making sure. Okay. Please give the Montgomery County court system in Pennsylvania the biggest haw. You knocking my window. I don't know what you, what you about To do. That, that, that's why you always gotta hear both sides. You right. That's all I'm saying. You always gotta hear both sides. I was fear. I I I was I agree. Scared for my life. What was I supposed to do? Yes. What Do you expect though when you do something like that? Like you should expect something coming in your life. I, I have no idea what he was thinking. I really don't. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY of the day. Now can we switch to Lauren's toxicity? Yes.


Yesterday Lauren Osa was in here drunk. Lauren. Me. Alright. Lauren LaRosa. Okay. Not this whole Lauren London LaRosa personality. You be trying to have Lauren Osa that people in Delaware call you new, new and all of that. Lauren got drunk the other night. 'cause she was at SIM's party, right? She came the Social unplugged. She came in here drunk. Can I say your name? Oh, okay. She said No, somebody that works, his friend. All right. Was trying to holler at Lauren. Correct. Okay. And Lauren gassed it up. She made it. She, she said that he put your hu my husband in the phone, heart emoji heart in this emoji. Then she was clowning him for texting him. I tried To check Puerto, She was clowning him for texting her. One I had to do is keep my phone getting tooken, texted Her saying good morning and all kind of stuff.


Lo and behold, and Lauren lied on that, man. He Lied on that man. First of All, when we come back, we gonna talk about it. You gonna talk about your Alive. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Did you ever dog out a good man? Mm, I wish I knew what man y'all was talking about. All the man did was text Lauren and said, yo, hope you made it home safely. You know, just checking on you. And Then she, I think She responded like, and she replied back. I love that for us. I love that for us. What? And then he replied, oh, okay. Hard emojis. I can't wait to talk to you later. And now it's, oh, what? Huh? You Gased him up. You g you started, you put my husband in the phone. I love that for us. I put my husband in my phone. Yes, you put his name in my husband.


I don't remember that. Oh Lord. That never happened. You don't need to drink ever again. That never Happened. Five never happened. Ladies, this Man, maybe I, I need to meet him. Did you ever Dog out? Good man in I Say his name. Did you ever dog out a good man and realize it later and say, damn, I missed out on a good one. Seems like that's what happened with Lauren's. Discuss why you Missing our blessings right Here. I'm I'm with you Mr. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I'm blessed. DONKEY today is brought to you by the law office of Michael S. Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull If you've been hurt in a construction accident. That's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the Funk.