
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that


Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Lama say the gang DONKEY utter shape. You are a DONKEY. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. DONKEY of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song today, but I got the DONKEY today. So if you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY man With the heat, The Breakfast Club bitches. Who's DONKEY today? Today, well, as she DONKEY today for Monday May 5th, single de May goes to a stink ass male named Shiloh Hendricks. Okay. Oh, the mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Ladies and Gman. See there is a human jar of Hellmans amongst us and her name is Shiloh Hendricks. Now, from what we've gathered, Shiloh appeared to hurl a racist slur of a black child.


Okay? She appeared to call a 5-year-old child the N word at a parking Minnesota because she said the 5-year-old took her son's stuff. Now, according to the person who recorded the video, Charma Omar, he said the little boy is on the autism spectrum. So she called this 5-year-old little black boy the N-word because the little boy allegedly took her son's stuff. Let's go to KTTC news for the report please. The woman accused of using racial slurs against a boy at a Rochester Park captured in a now viral video appears to have identified herself publicly in a sizable crowdfunding effort. A user on a crowdfunding site identifying as Shiloh Hendricks has increased her fundraising goal to $1 million.


Regarding the incident at the park, the user writes quote, I recently had a kid steal from my 18 month old son's diaper bag at a park. I called the kid out for what he was. End quote, KTTC reported yesterday that Rochester police are actively looking into the viral video showing a woman holding a small child, making racist slurs in reference to another child at the playground who she claims had taken something that belonged to her child. The person recording the video alludes to the child being targeted as having special needs on its fundraising page. The NAACP acknowledged the woman in questions, fundraising, effort, writing, quote, many of the comments from her supporters, celebrate and justify her hate end quote.


So much to unpack here, first of all, completely unnecessary, okay? Excessive use of racism. Listen, there's gonna be times that the bigger than us rears its ugly head, okay? There are gonna be times when random acts of racist thoughts pop up in your mind, okay? That doesn't mean you can act on 'em. I'm not gonna sit here and lie to y'all and act like I haven't thought about these things. Okay? White man cut you off in traffic. You gonna think to yourself, crack ass crack. Okay? I was at Universal Studios last weekend, literally about to get on the elevator with my family and and this couple, a man and a woman, I believe they were Mexican, they came running and cut in front of us and just jumped on the elevator and closed the door. The first thing that came to my mind was, And I see if I call life I'll be wrong. Why you think they were Mexican? What you mean I got ice? Hell's wrong with you, but listen to me.


Everything I told you was thoughts, okay? I didn't act on anything because I'm not that kind of person. Regardless of what my mind tells me. From time to time, I attempt to be the change I wanna see in The World. I believe in equality for all. So there is no reason on God's green earth other than the mental illness called racism for Shiloh to be calling this little 5-year-old boy the N word out loud. Okay? Now, Charma Omar asked Shiloh a valid question. He said, and I'm paraphrasing, does this child taking your son's stuff merit you calling him the N word? She replied, if that's what he's going to act like, let me tell you something. We all know that nigga's going   but this little boy is five. Okay? His behavior is simply that of a 5-year-old.


What do you mean, Shiloh? If that's what he's gonna act like he's five. Okay? Five year olds act like five year olds at five. They're just beginning to understand social and emotional development. So if he took something from your son, then you simply find his parents tell them, and then they can tell their child Don't do things like that. That's not yours. It's simple, but you a racist. So you was just looking for a reason to let the N word fly. Now, would you like to hear the actual audio from the park? Yes. Let's listen. Don't go digging some people, Nobody digging to your, A little kid just did. You don't that little kid, you call him a the little child Acts like One is gonna, are you about to hit him? You chase him here.


He took my son's stop. So you, so that gives you the right to call the child 5-year-old and the N word. If that's what he's gonna act like, that's what you're gonna call him. That's What he's gonna act like. Do You know that's a hate speech and you can't be a that. I don't give a Mm Lord have mercy. Now let's talk about the fundraising child decided to become the victim, okay? She set up a fundraising page for herself, which she titled Helped me protect my family. Okay? In case you missed the news report, she claimed in the page description that she is now in a dire situation. She says, I recently had a kid steal from my 18 month old son's diaper bag in a park. I called the kid out for what he was. Then she claimed that members of her fa, members of her family are being attacked and her personal information, including her address and phone number has been leaked.


You aren't being attacked, Shiloh. You are being called out and held accountable because you called a little 5-year-old boy the n word and accountability feels like an attack when you're not ready to acknowledge your toxic behavior. Now, Shiloh concluded her message by asking for funds to assist in protecting my family and potentially relocate. Yet another example, that free speech ain't free. Why are you using words that you can't afford to use Shiloh? Now, Shiloh's fundraising goal was originally set for 50 grand, but as you heard in the news report, it was increased the $1 million after that initial amount was reached. And as of yesterday, Sunday, May 4th, she has raised over $624,000 because she called a little 5-year-old boy the N word.


And you wonder why some people spell America with three Ks. Now, first thing I did was looking to the fundraisers policies and Gibon go, that's the name of the platform, gibon, go, give, send, go. Said, the company does not endorse or condone the personal views, our actions of individual campaign organizers or their supporters, nor do we control the motivations of donors basically is nothing they can do about it. Okay? There is no violation on their end, but you do know gifts and go that you are complicit in rewarding racism. Call it what it is. They are rewarding shiloh's racism. Only in America, can you call a 5-year-old boy the N word, okay? Get called out on it and then play victim and raise almost $700,000 because of your biggie.


That's crazy. Mm. Well this is a free country ladies and gentlemen, and there is such thing as freedom of speech. Even though we know there is a cost to every word that comes outta your mouth, some people are willing to pay that price. And in the case of Shiloh Hendricks, she didn't pay the price. She actually ended up getting paid. Just always remember though, freedom of speech works both ways. So with that said, please let Chelsea handler give Shiloh Hendrix the biggest. He haw, he Haw, he haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise. Let Kathy Griffin get in on that too. Please give this giant jar of mayo the biggest hee-haw. What about my guy Chris Rock? You got something to say? Crack ass crack. Is my girl still working the drive through? She working the drive through today?


Oh, okay. Just making sure everybody gets the right to express their freedom of speech. Alright, that's all. That's crazy disgusting. Alright, thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. Now when we come back today is National silence the Shame Day. Shante do. That's right. Ashanti Dos will be joining us. We're gonna talk to her next. She's a mental health advocate, EXUS industry vet. She has so much to do with our outcast and those early days. We're gonna talk to when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and


fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.