
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Okay. White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white. The Breakfast Club bitches. All right, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day? Well, DONKEY of Today for Wednesday, February 12th goes to a political analyst named Dominique Trippy. He is a political analyst, writer, strategist, and commentator. The homie Robin at Baller Alert sent me this today dropping a clues bombs for Robin. That baller alert. What's up Robin? What's up Robin? I missed this one but it's hilarious. See you Dominique. About a week ago, from what I can see posted on X, this statement, he said, And I quote, we must rid ourselves of DEI throughout every facet of society for the sake of our safety and that of our children.


My God. Now I know people had issues with DEI, but when you say we have to get rid of DEI for the sake of our safety and that of our children, that sounds like to me like you have a fear of a black and brown planet. Alright? Diversity means that you not safe. The browning and blacking of America means that you not safe. The inclusion of more women, more gays, anyone who isn't a straight white male means you not safe. Why are we as a people so hell bent on making each other uncomfortable? Okay, let me ask you a question, Dominique. Have you ever stopped to think how those of us from marginalized communities feel when we are the only one when you are the lone minority amongst the majority?


Have you Dominique ever seen that and said, I wonder if they feel unsafe. Why do we start getting concerned about safety when it's spaces where white folks aren't the majority? Dominique, have you ever thought about that? I'm sincerely asking. See, nobody ever cares about the one raisin in the potato salad. You know why? Because there shouldn't be no damn raisins in the potato salad. Okay? And that is why we are here today because Dominique said a week ago, we must rid ourselves of DEI throughout every facet of society for the sake of our safety and that of our children. But this week after watching Kendrick Lamar's record breaking Super Bowl performance, highest rated halftime show ever drop on a clues bombs for Kendrick Lamar and Roc Nation.


After watching that performance, Dominique posted on X And I quote hundreds of dancers in participants in this halftime show. And they can't manage to feature one single white person. This is pathetic, Dominique, you gotta make up your mind. You told us we have to get rid of diversity, equity, and inclusion in all facets of society. But when you see a black artist headline in the Super Bowl with a bunch of black dancers, now all of a sudden you want diversity and inclusion. This is why I loved Kendrick's show aesthetically 10 out of 10 for aesthetics because I knew it would get these types of reactions outta people. But if you going to piss people off, let's really piss 'em off.


I wish he would've added to the set list just three songs, actually four, including money trees. But that's just a personal favorite. But these three, if he would've started because of the aesthetic of that show, if he would've started with black of a berry, can you imagine hearing this on the Super Bowl stage? What would Dominique have said if he would've heard this? I'm African American. I'm African, I'm black. Is the moon heritage of a small finish party in my residence came from the bottom of mankind? My iSpy, my nose is big, my nose is round wide. You hate me, don't you? You hate my people. Your plan is to terminate my culture. I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey. And then what if you went into, what if you went into this Ohs my life, I has to fight Right after black of the Barry My life.


I hard times like y bad trips like Y Nazareth. But if God got us, then we going to be all right. Do Clutch Girls can wear. Then, then, then Samuel Jackson comes out and tells him, stop. You're scaring America. You're scaring people like Dominique. You and your little homeboys gotta play it safe. Just the Super Bowl, not Compton. And as soon as you heard, not Compton, then you heard this. If I rose and grips whoa along, they probably coming down the end, the song like the whole City goes Against Me Every time I Don.


People like Dominique Heads literally might've exploded. Donald J. Trump would've signed an executive order on Monday to bring back slavery in the middle of Black History Month. Okay, listen, my point is this. Dominique is cool when they do it. It's a problem when we do it all right? White artists have headlined everything for years. And Dominique, I bet you've never said there's too many white people participating in this show because whiteness to you is America. And that's one of the messages Kendrick was displaying in his show that black people are America. Not only are we America, well first of all, that's why the brothers had on the red, white, and blue, and they were up there looking like the American flag. 'cause we are America. Okay? He was letting you know, we are all Americans.


It should have made you proud Dominique. Not to mention black people built this country. P African Americans built this nation. I wanna make sure about that. You stop the heady. I said black people built this country. I was doing a dramatic pause. Now don't listen to me. Listen to your president. African Americans built this nation. We built this nation. You know, you're just starting to get real credit for that, okay? I don't know if you know that You're just starting to get, you built the nation. We all built it, but you were such a massive part of it, bigger than you were given credit for. Does that make sense? Right.


And so Kendrick was on the Super Bowl stage making sure black people get that credit. The moral of the story is this, you are either part of the solution or you are part of the problem. If you looked at Kendrick's performance and you saw others and not Americans, then guess what? You are indeed the problem. Please let Chelsea handler give Dominique trippy the biggest. Hee-haw. He haw, he haw, he haw, He haw. Where is my Chelsea? Haw? Give Back. Haw Heehaw. There you go. That is way too much. Dan mayonnaise. Chelsea acting black being all late. Okay, he Hey y.


Alright. You ain't got no more. Alright, That's all I got. All right, thank you. Why? Why, why, why? What you worried about? Because Emini here, you got a a bunch of 'em that big. Give the biggest mayo and all that. I thought you was gonna go all the way with it. No, I think Chelsea Is Chelsea suffice? She had it. Alright. Yeah. Chelsea suffices. That's all we need. All right. We don't need no more confusion. No. Thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake That ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I Love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro. I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King, and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg. We explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David OO, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.