
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting bows and massaging leather. A pointed seats are optional features.


Why is a soap opera western like yellow sound so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways and which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The OGs of uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And We're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too much And women have quietly listened And all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband. The murderer is still out There. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a DONKEY To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is it always have been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white, The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day? Ugh, DONKEY today for Thursday, June 12th, little Duval's born day drop on a bump for Lil Duval.


Yes, but we are not living our best lives right now. Okay? 'cause DONKEY today is going to the Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, or maybe DONKEY Today should go to corporate media or maybe DONKEY today should go to we the people for being so preoccupied with things that have zero impact on our lives that we don't pay attention to all the grave dangers that are right under our noses. Okay? If ignorance is bliss, I don't know why everybody isn't more happy, because I scribe to be optimistic. I grew up on the sounds of blackness, baby, as long as you keep your head to the sky. But we also gotta be realistic about the things that are going on in The World. And yesterday, while you were busy watching AI videos of gorillas hosting podcasts, talking about fighting a hundred men, the director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, was releasing a video warning us of nuclear annihilation.


I'm not making any of this up. Let's listen As we stand here today, closer to the brink of nuclear annihilation than ever before. Political elite and war mongers are carelessly fomenting fear and tensions between nuclear powers. So it's up to us, the people to speak up and demand an end to this madness. What we must reject this path to nuclear war and work toward a world where no one has to live in fear of a Nuclear Holocaust, huh? Am I the only person that finds this unusual? Am I the only person who saw this video and first had to determine if it was AI or not?


But then once I realized it wasn't, it's real. It came from her Twitter account and all the so-called reputable news sources, the A BC news and M-S-N-B-C, Bloomberg Political NBC News. Everybody was posting about it. But after I watched it, I was left sitting there scratching my head wondering why was that just released on Twitter tosi? You can't just post that like it's a regular reel and walk away. This is how my algorithm is set up. Okay? I got a video of a black man sitting in the car with the caption in the nineties. They had us thinking Lil Kim was the biggest freaking bad boy whole time. It was Diddy, right? Then another video, aka Sinat trying to help Drusky holler at Kiki Palmer. Then a post from Tyler Perry saying he made more black millionaires than any other studio in Hollywood from the BET awards.


Then a video of Pastor Torey Roberts working out in the gym. Then a video of Lauren LaRosa walking around and just stockings in the Steve Harvey Blazer. Then boom, Tulsi telling us we all gonna die. I understand social media is the new way to communicate, but dear government officials, some messages gotta be packaged a different way. You can't drop this on the timeline and just walk off tulsi. Okay? You are the director of national intelligence. You know, things that we don't know. We have watched all these billionaires from Mark Zuckerberg to Bill Gates, to Larry Ellison all build these underground bunkers. Okay? I've been reading about 'em for years, building these luxurious underground bunkers and they, they're doing it as a form of apocalyptic insurance.


And here you got tulsi. Put a three minute and 31 second video on Twitter. I only played y'all about 51 seconds, but the video's like three 30. And she's telling us that political elite in war mons are carelessly fomenting fear intentions between nuclear powers. I didn't even know what the definition of fomenting was. I had to look it up. Okay, Tulsi, why are you using big words at a time like this? And for those who wanna know, fomenting means instigating, stirring things up. Tulsi Just say that. Okay? Political elite and war mongers are instigating and stirring things up and they don't care because they have access to nuclear shelters for themselves and for their families.


Okay, Tulsi, I know I'm stupid. Okay? I tell y'all all the time, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the strongest avenger. But correct me if I'm wrong, aren't you the political elite? You are the director of national intelligence. Okay? The principal advisor to the president, the principal advisor to the National Security Council and Homeland Security. So you should be telling all the other political elite people, you should be telling them and all The World mons to stop, stop instigating, whatever has us on the brink of nuclear annihilation. Play the clip again. Red. Please play it again one time for me As we stand here today, closer to the brink of nuclear annihilation than ever before.


Political elite and war mongers are carelessly, fomenting, fear and tensions between nuclear powers. So it's up to us, the people to speak up and demand an end to this madness. We must reject this path to nuclear war and work toward a world where no one has to live in fear of a nuclear holocaust. Tulsi, tulsi, tulsi, tulsi. You're the director of national intelligence. The reason I'm giving you DONKEY today is because what are we the people supposed to do with this information? Okay, see, this is what I be talking about. Government officials have one job when it comes to the American people, put money in our pocket and make us feel safe.


We are supposed to be out here living our best life while y'all handle stuff like threats of nuclear, nuclear war. But yet we got the director of national intelligence telling us that we need to speak up and demand an end to this madness. Tosi nuclear war is too serious for a tweet and a call to action. Okay? A video on x and a call to action for we the people to Just say, stop. That's all it takes is for us to reject this path to nuclear war and work toward a world where no one has to live in fear of a Nuclear Holocaust. Well, totally. I can assure you none of us want that. Okay? We don't have to reject it. We never wanted it to be an option in the first place. But I guess you know now it is. And you want us to fix it.


Please give Tulsi Gabbard, the director of National Intelligence, the biggest hee-haw Tulsi. I need you on somebody's TV network this morning. Okay? You have to explain this. Tell us what you know. Okay? If someone is planning to let a nuke fly, it is your job to tell The World. Don't give us half the information. Tell us what's going on. Dammit. Okay? Give us time to repent for our sins. Okay? People wanna get baptized, give me time to make peace with some people. Okay? Laura LaRosa gotta get the pants for the rest of the outfit. She wore the BET awards. Oh my God. Okay. You can't just walk up to me tulsi and say you going to die and walk away.


No. Excuse me, ma'am. I got some questions. She said all we have to say is stop. We just Stop. What the hell does Lauren LaRosa not have it on no pants. That's all you caught. He awards have to do with this. See, that's the problem. That's all she caught. See, she only caught, she didn't catch the nuke. I did. She didn't catch the tide. Catch did She didn't catch the stop. She ain't catch the We are about to. It's over. I did. All she caught was Lauren LaRosa didn't have any pants on at the BT off. No, no, no. He supposed to be. This is a a a teachable moment. This you supposed to be teaching us that it was a public service announcement. A big Know This is a teachable moment Announcement, Right? The teachable moment is, And you could still think about Lauren not having on no damn pants. Well listen and we just got threatened with the nukes. Well, Okay, we don't need a nuke, but we do need a missile to hit her closet.


That's It. Tell you know what I'm not talking to so She can have nothing else. Well, she can start a new crazy. She can start a new, Oh my Goodness. Shout out to Romeo Hunt. I, I cannot Who That that is. That is the designer that she wears all the time. The black owned designer. Very much given. Shut up. Alright, thank you for that dunk of The day. He built the roof. He didn't give her a foundation. And you can't build a house with just the roof. You got to start with the foundation first. Oh My goodness. The Romeo Next time Foundation pants in the roof. Oh My god. Boom. Oh Man, everybody wins. All right, all right. All right. Salute the law la. So now Charlamagne, thank you for that DONKEY today. Up next, just fix my mess.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you have relationship issues or problems, just to help you, call her up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, We're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too much And women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If You like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no Town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is Still out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there's a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi. Looking for your next obsession. Listen to High Key, a new weekly podcast hosted by Ben O'Keefe, Ryan Mitchell, and Evie. Oddly, we got a lot of things to get into. We're gonna gush about the random stuff we can't stop thinking about. I am high key going to lose my mind over all things. Cowboy Carter. I know girl, the way she about to yank my bank account. Correct. And one thing I really love about this is that she's celebrating her daughters. Oh, I know. Listen to High Key on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.