
Okay, you say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says We got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or on your couch with that AC blasting. At and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a Rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible planning. Device cover's not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


At public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast The Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


This Is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a DONKEY, The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what He did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white The Breakfast. Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? Well, Tommy Lauren DONKEY of today from Monday, July 15th goes to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, Mike Johnson, as well as United States Senator from Ohio JD Vans first and foremost, before we continue, let me state the obvious and say regardless of what you feel about a person's politics, violence is never the answer.


It's that simple. If, you don't like a candidate or an elected official. You should attempt to take them out with your votes, not violence, If, you think otherwise If, you think violence is indeed the answer. Just do a simple exercise and ask yourself if this was a candidate or elected official that you actually voted for and supported and they got shot at someone attempted to take their life, what would your reaction to that be? When we discussed what happened to Donald Trump, I believe that discussion, like most discussions in America is multilayered, but first and foremost, we should talk about the issue of political violence and we should denounce it and state quite plainly that we have no place for it in America, period. And I'm not saying that to be politically correct, I'm saying that because that's how I truly feel.


Now, back to the donkeys at hand, Mike Johnson and Senator JD Vance from Ohio. First, let me read this tweet that JD Vance posted on Saturday at 8:20 PM just a couple of hours after the assassination attempt with Trump occurred. He posted today is not just some isolated incident. The central premise of the Biden campaign is that President Donald Trump is an authoritarian fascist who must be stopped at all costs. That rhetoric led directly to President Trump's attempted assassination. End quote, speaker of the House, Mike Johnson was on NBC's Today Show on Sunday morning, and he said this in regards to the Trump shooting, everyone needs to turn the rhetoric down. Let's listen As America awakens to a rather surreal morning.


This is a horrific act of political violence. It ought to be roundly condemned. Obviously we, we can't go on like this as a society. We've gotta turn the rhetoric down. We gotta turn the temperature down in this country. We need leaders of all parties on both sides to call that out and make sure that happens so that we can go forward and and maintain our free society that we all are blessed to have. Now, I've been observing and just listening all weekend You know I'm not a person who rushes dis spill. The first thing that comes to mind on social media, I've just been taking it all in And, I wanna say to Mike Johnson and d Vance that you can't honestly have a conversation about dangerous rhetoric that leads to political violence without discussing the dangerous rhetoric that has come outta President Donald Trump's mouth and his social media.


Mike Johnson said, everyone needs to turn the rhetoric down. The question I would ask Mike Johnson is, who is everyone for him and j JD Vance? To make comments like that and not acknowledge the countless times Donald Trump has said things that have led to violence or could lead to violence is disingenuous and it's them playing campaign games. It's them politicizing this situation because of course it is a presidential election year. They like many politicians, Republicans and Democrats are using this as an opportunity to score points on the opposition. Real leaders would be using this as an opportunity to actually bring people together. Instead, you both are causing more division. You are causing more people, in this case, Democrats to beat targets. Once again, you cannot make any statements about dangerous rhetoric that Le leads to political violence and division without acknowledging the words that have come from Donald Trump's mouth and his social media.


There has been a real unserious attitude in regards to political violence in this country. When a nut ass follower of Donald Trump came to Nancy Pelosi's house and attacked her with a hammer, Trump made fun of it And will stand up to crazy Nancy Pelosi who ruined San Francisco. How's her husband doing, by the way? Anybody know? And she's against building a wall at our border even though she has a wall around her house, which obviously didn't do a very good job. Remember when Trump posted pictures of Biden looking like he's bound and hog tied on his social media? Donald Trump in an in a, in an attempt to overthrow the results of the 2020 election told his followers to fight, and that led to an attempted cool of this country, and some of his followers did bring guns and ammunition to DC for that purpose.


They did storm the capitol. They were chanting to hang Mike Pence because he wouldn't alter the election results that happened, and it happened because of Donald Trump. I'm not even gonna go down the rabbit hole of how many times Donald Trump has incited political violence or cosigned political violence or suggested political violence. I'll give you a couple that come to mind. You remember when the now governor of Montana, I believe it was Montana, he was running for Congress and he body slammed a reporter and got charged with assault and Donald Trump said, he is my type. Is that not encouraging violence? Remember when Donald Trump suggested that You know Second Amendment advocates assassinate Hillary Clinton? Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish the Second Amendment, by the way.


And if she gets to pick, if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks, although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know, but Come on. So Mike Johnson and JD Vance, please don't act like Donald Trump is not solely responsible for creating this environment of political violence that he's not even safe from. About 12 days ago, Kevin Roberts, the president of the pro-Trump think tank, the Heritage Foundation said this, In spite of all this nonsense from the left, we are going to win. We're in the process of taking this country back and we are in the process of the second American Revolution, which will remain bloodless. If the left allows it to be, It will be bloodless if the left allows it to be Mike Johnson and JD Vance.


Could that kind of rhetoric lead to political violence? If somebody was at home right reading Project 2025, which was put together by the Heritage Foundation and heard Mike Johnson say that, don't you think that could lead to some type of political violence? Why aren't you denouncing all that type of rhetoric? Okay, then and now, how could you in this moment immediately point the finger to Democrats and how come more of the media haven't been saying this all weekend? I understand sadly, there was an assassination attempt on the former of President when in a moment like this, we can't worry about You know, striking the right tone. We have to worry about telling the truth. Now, Mike Johnson and JD Vance both say that Donald Trump has been vilified and You know, calling him a threat to democracy was one of the things that led to this.


I saw Mike Johnson again on Anderson Cooper, and Anderson rightfully pointed out that Trump has said that about Joe Biden as well. Let's listen It, it's an objective truth that Donald Trump is probably the most persecuted and attacked political figure in, in history, certainly among presidents, maybe at least since Abraham Lincoln Civil War era. And, and that takes a toll. I mean, when, when my colleagues go out Democrat colleagues and say, democracy will end, the republic will be in an emergency stage if, if Donald Trump wins for president, it, it's just not true. It's another election. And, and when they say that kind of rhetoric and they heat it up like that, there are people out there that take these things to heart and they act upon them.


Politicians are not responsible for that, but we do have a responsibility to be responsible. I I do wanna point out the former president himself has also used that kind of rhetoric. He said on June 27th, Joe Biden is a threat to democracy, a threat to the survival in existence of our country itself. That's certainly the, the same kind of language you're talking about. Listen, e everybody is prone to overstatement, okay? I mean, a few days ago, earlier this week, I mean, Joe Biden actually said, we need to put Donald Trump in the bullseye. I mean, right? I I don't think either of those men meant to imply anything beyond just rhetoric, but the point is the rhetoric has consequences.


Once again, you cannot talk about rhetoric without talking about the things that Donald Trump has spewed outta his mouth and on social media, people like myself and others call Donald Trump a threat to democracy because he has done things that have threatened democracy. I could argue that in regard to the three judges he put on the Supreme Court democracy has done, but you all won't realize that until November when the presidential election comes. But I'll get back to that. For all you people who may think saying Donald Trump is a threat to democracy is just noise. Well, when someone says we should terminate the Constitution to overthrow the results of an election, that's a threat to democracy. When someone tells people to fight and they storm the capitol, the overthrow the results of an election, that's a threat to democracy. Trump put three judges on the now illegitimate corrupt institution that is the Supreme Court, and they are absolutely threatening our democracy.


They granted him presidential immunity for crimes because he asked, that has nothing to do with the Constitution. Look up the Chevron ruling. The Supreme Court did the, the Supreme Court did. It's basically saying they can make up stuff based on their own interpretations. That's one of the biggest to the Constitution I've ever witnessed. They are abolishing constitutional rights like Roe v. Wade. They made it to where elected officials can take bribes. Donald Trump and Republicans have put together a corrupt supreme court that literally doesn't have to care what voters want. They have set up a system where either Republicans win elections or elections do not matter. Is that not a threat to democracy? Wait until November. Now, personally, I don't believe Biden can beat Trump, especially after Saturday. But if he does, when Donald Trump contests the results of the election because he will, if he loses in light of all the Supreme Court's recent rulings, do we really believe they aren't gonna side with him?


Is that when some will finally believe he the threat to democracy? Are we going to just believe him when he says the election was rigged? Only difference is this time when he says the election is rigged, the Supreme Court is gonna side with him and it will be a kuba court, and of course it will be people in this country who will believe him if he loses and, and, and, and says the election is rigged because people believe what they want. That's why some folks wanna believe his his attempted assassination was staged. Nobody believed the truth in this country anymore. And that is another problem in America, depending on what side you stand on, that's what you believe. Nobody thinks anything is real unless it confirms what they already thought. That's why folks immediately rushed to say, Donald Trump's assassination attempt was staged.


Why? What's the reason to spread that narrative? What happened on Saturday was very real, and it should be a teachable moment for us all because this is what happens when you have people in positions of power spreading the kind of dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has been spreading since 2016. No one should shake. No one should say this is staged. Saying it is staged is exactly why we can't fix the problem because we not acknowledging the truth. What happened to Donald Trump is very real. Political violence is very, very real and it's only gonna get worse, especially when you have people like JD Vance and House Speaker Mike Johnson blaming Democrats when we don't even know the shooter's motives yet. Okay? The truth is, president Donald Trump has created an environment of political violence that not even he is safe from.


So it's damn sure not safe for anyone else. It is my hope that at the Republican National Convention, Republicans use this opportunity to deescalate and not escalate because if they go out there and escalate, they have to know they are continuing to make things unsafe for everyone, including them. Trump stood up after getting shot, fist in the air, blood on his face, and just like on January 6th, he told his supporters to fight, fight who? We don't even know why this happened to you, everyone just speculating. Everyone got their own conspiracy theories, their own ideas. You can't just tell folks to fight. What we all need to learn from, what we all need to learn from this is that history now shows us that folks are willing to fight and kill for what they, whatever they believe in, whether it's storm in the Capitol or shooting at the President, it seems like violence is inevitable.


The stage has already been set. How far it goes depends on us, the American people. We have to decide what kind of republic we want to live in and we need to decide that now. Sadly though, when I see and hear statements from Senator JD Vance and House speaker Mike Johnson, statements that continue to divide us and make people unnecessary targets, I fear it may be too late. Well, let's not forget the moral of this story. We are all adults in this country, okay, big boys, big girls. We can condemn political violence and what happened to Trump on Saturday night, and also talk about the dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has spewed that got us here. Please let Remy Ma give Senator to JD Vance and house speaker Mike Johnson, the biggest hee-haw Hee-haw hee-haw.


You stupid mother, are you dumb? Open up the phones. Let's discuss.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1980, while El Salvador sat on the brink of war, one man held together the fragile piece, Archbishop Oscar Romero. He was brutally assassinated in front of dozens of his loyal followers. His death marked the start of a civil war that left more than 75,000 people dead and a million more displaced around The World. My family includes both those that fled and those that died. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday from iHeartPodcasts


Comes.


Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? OV Is Dead. Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Oh, Lick 'em. Lick those toes. Ah, Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.