
Don don't know if You know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD


Welcome to The. World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feed and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Bose ultra open earbuds own the gift game and go to bose.com/iheart to shop the best deals.


Now You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project. 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say, get that son of a bitch off the field right now out. He's fired. He's fired. Please step up to the congregation. Yes, you are a dead Trump. When Mexico sends its people. They're not sending their best. They're Bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. These a jackass. Hey man, I'm just here to piss Mag off. DONKEY today for Monday, November 4th goes to the 45th President of the United States of America.


Donald J. Trump. Tomorrow is election day and You know I will never lie to you and tell you that who you vote for will solve all your problems. That is just not true. That is just not accurate. But who you vote for can make your life a little bit better, or it can make it a lot worse. And don don't know about y'all, but I'm tired of the country flirting with fascism. Okay? We at some point have to realize the nuclear weapons that we are playing with. I started to say fire, but we not playing with fire. We playing with something a lot worse. And I don't understand why so many of us can't see how this man Donald Trump just continues to play in our face. I will never understand why Republicans chose this man to represent them. Again, it's mind boggling to me. I mean, damn near any conservative could have represented the GOP better than this. But instead they continue to prop up the most divisive president in American history.


I really have asked myself, what is God trying to show America through Donald J. Trump? And I really believe in my heart of hearts that he is just a reflection of so many people in systems in this country. Just a whole outdated way of thinking altogether. It is my sole belief that Donald J. Trump is the Frankenstein monster of white supremacy. Okay? White people don't even know what to do with Trump. This is what happens when that privilege and power goes unchecked. It eventually cannibalizes, cannibalizes the very system that created it. Okay? That's another story. Let's get back to why Trump is getting DONKEY today to date, okay? Over the weekend, he made a couple of statements that would be disqualifying for anyone else but not Trump. By the way, don don't even know what disqualifying means anymore. 'cause there is no real qualifications to be president.


And Trump has shown me there is nothing you can do to not be able to run for president either. But this weekend Trump said two things. First one, when folks like myself would say, if people, when folks like myself would say what he said, people would say, I was overreacting. And. I was talking crazy. But I always said, Trump isn't leaving the White House. If he loses in 2020, he damn sure tried not to leave by leading an attempted co of this country. But this weekend he said the quiet part out loud. Let's listen. On the last Sunday rally before election day, We had the safest border in the history of our country. The day that I left, I shouldn't have left. Former president, Donald Trump, told a crowd of supporters that he shouldn't have left the White House after the 2020 election and took an aggressive jab at the media while describing the protective glass around his podium on stage.


And, I have this piece of glass here. But all we have really over here is the fake news, right? And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news. And. I. Don't mind that so much because I don't mind. Trump's campaign. Quickly put out a statement out the Lancaster rally saying in part, the president's comments weren't about the press, but instead about his own personal safety in light of two assassination attempts against him earlier this Year. Lot to unpack there. Eddie. Isolate the second part for me about the media. I want to come back to that. I wanna talk about the first part of what he said.


Now, maybe he meant he shouldn't have left as in voters shouldn't have voted him out. But when you look at the fact he tried to stage an attempted coup on January 6th, 2021, and you look at the fact now that he's projecting and by projecting saying how Democrats are going to steal the election, even though the only people currently doing everything they can to suppress the vote, is the Republicans alright? They are already a purging voters and trying to restrict the 2024 US election vote in Georgia. They are suing to block hand, returned mail ballots. They just lost two back to back lawsuits in North Carolina and Pennsylvania. Republicans were challenging voter registration procedures. They are the ones trying to manipulate the election.


But we will get to that after Tuesday because it's going to be a lot of that after Tuesday. Trust me, because Donald Trump is not going to accept the results of this year's election. Just like he didn't accept them in 2020. It's just this time it'll be a lot worse. But I will say nobody will ever deprive the American people of the right to vote except the American people themselves. And the only way they could do this is by not voting You know who said that? FDR. Okay. Now, the other reason Trump is getting DONKEY today is simply because he said he doesn't mind reporters getting shot at. You just heard it. The man has already said he wants to jail journalists. He's suing CBS right now for $10 billion. The man once sued Bill Maher in 2022 at a rally.


He said that if reporters don't reveal their sources, he will put them in prison until they do. And now he said he don't mind if reporters get shot at. Listen, I have a piece of glass over here. And I don't have a piece at last there And I have this piece at last here. But all we have really over here is the fake news, right? And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news.


And I. Don't mind that so much because I don't mind. I don't mind that. And Trump's campaign spokesperson said the president's comments weren't about the press, but instead about his own personal safety. In light of his two assassination attempts, the president's statement about protective glass placement has nothing to do with the media being harmed or anything else. It was about threats against him that was spurred on by a dangerous rhetoric from Democrats. President Trump was stating that the media was in danger and that they were protecting him and therefore were in great danger themselves and should have had a glass protective shield. Also, the man said to get to me, they would've to shoot through the press, but I don't mind that.


Right? But yet his campaign said he was stating that the media was in danger. Yeah, they in danger because you putting them in danger by encouraging people to shoot through them if they want to shoot at you. This is the type of playing in our face that I'm over. Okay? Nothing to see here, folks. I'm tired of flirting with fascism doing this dance with authoritarian rule. Y'all not tired. We keep talking about all this violent, divisive rhetoric coming from politicians, but it's only coming from one person. And then you have everybody telling the truth about that one person. Now, my favorite thing about these comments is how Trump supporters right now, right now, as they listening to me, they are playing games of Twister by themselves trying to justify why he said what he said.


That's why I'm not talking to them. Okay? I wanna talk to us what we doing tomorrow. Abraham Lincoln once said, elections belong to the people. It's their decision. Sadly, it's up to us to stop all of this. Okay? Personally, I don't think you stopped dictatorship through votes, but since Merrick Garland and the DOJ didn't do what they were supposed to do a long time ago, here we are. Okay? Naomi Klein once said, democracy is not just the right to vote. It is the right to live in dignity. Tomorrow we get to show The World. If we are indeed a dignified country are not. Please give Donald Trump the biggest haw We shall see.


This is the same thing he did with January 6th. He said all that stuff and it was like, I don't know why that happened. I didn't say it like that. It's unbelievable. And then people died and then The man literally said he wouldn't mind if people shot through the reporters to get to him. And then his campaign people said, well, that's not what he said. I guess if we didn't hear what he actually said. Right? Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes ma'am.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


I don't know if You know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


Meet the B'S ultra open earbuds, a reinvention of what earbuds could be, and the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Hear life and music at the same time. Go to bose.com/iheart to shop now.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.