
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. buy@toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


In Mississippi. Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten asylum. Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety. Something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yazoo Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast, I was born a DONKEY. It's the DONKEY of the Devil.


The Breakfast Club. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Friday, April 11th goes to a 53-year-old woman named Dr. Kiva Lark. Now Kiva is from Florida. And you know what your Uncle Shawla always says about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida, and today is no exception. Okay, Dr. Kiva Lark is an assistant principal at a middle school in Florida, and she was arrested after allegedly forcing a student to massage her feet and saying inappropriate things to him. Let's go to W-E-S-H-N-B-C-C two for the report please. Foot rubs and nicknames. An assistant principal at Lake Marion Creek Middle School in Pon.


Ciana is accused of behaving inappropriately with a student. Polk Kennedy Deputies say 53-year-old Dr. Kava Lark told a 13-year-old boy to rub her feet. It was allegedly punishment for throwing paper during a test. Witnesses say she told the boy she was doing it so he would know what foreplay is for when he gets a girlfriend. What witnesses also told deputies Lark would refer to the boy as sexy chocolate while passing him in the hallway. What Lark told deputies it was a joke and just trying to humble the boy. Ash turns. He turns he turned 13 Soon, right? 13 Monday he comes home and tells you that what happens? I'm going up there. Mm. What are we talking about? Mm. We just gonna have to homeschool our kids at this point.


We are never gonna get a handle on our parental paranoia If We don't. You know, a parental paranoia is right. The anxiety you feel just being a parent. How can you properly function knowing that we are taking our kids to places that are supposed to be safe spaces, places that are supposed to be making them better, but they have to deal with humans like Dr. Kiva Lark. Now, let the record show. I come from an era where older women in my life needed they feet rubbed. Goddammit, okay? I'm from Mon Corner, South Carolina. Y'all already know rubbing an older woman's feet was a regular occurrence, at least in my life. But not just any woman. Your grandma. Okay? You're not a good grandchild if you haven't put, put some warm water and some Epsom salt in a basin and then rubbed your grandmother's feet. Okay? But Dr.


Kiva Lark at 53, you may be old enough to be this 13-year-old little boy's grandmother, but that is not your grandchild, okay? Not to mention you got a witness who said that you told the child you was doing this so that he would know what foreplay is for when he gets a girlfriend. What you also referred to this little 13-year-old boy, allegedly as sexy chocolate while passing him in the hallway at school. Now she is from a certain era. Was she trying to say sexual chocolate? Like in coming to America? Either way it's inappropriate. Listen to me. I feel this young man's pain, okay? It is hard being handsome your whole life, all right? When you are handsome, your whole life, when you got that glow about you, these older women can't control themselves.


Trust me, I know they already experiencing menopause, hot flashes all the time, and here we come just all handsome, making them feel intense, heat and sweat even more. But just because we've been handsome our whole lives does not give these older women the right to take advantage of us. Now, Dr. Kiva Lar admitted several days later that she crossed the line. She said it was only a joke and that she was trying to humble the student, humble him for what she even said. Her actions were inappropriate. But she denied saying anything inappropriate to the student. I have no reason to believe you, ma'am, but I keep stressing this over and over and over again. Give young men that are being taken advantage of by older women.


The same level of concern you do. Young girls being taken advantage of by older men. And furthermore, don't become a teacher if you don't have the ability or desire to empower kids. Teachers provide kids with the tools and opportunities to learn, grow, and become confident, okay? We're trying to have teachers that are raising young men and girls to be capable individuals in this society. If you just a predator getting into education because you want to hurt kids, do us all the biggest favor and die. Okay? You can't be out here as a 53-year-old woman, assistant principal, getting your feet rubbed by a 13-year-old, allegedly calling 'em sexy chocolate and telling him that you want him to know what foreplay is for when he gets a girlfriend.


Oh God. Here. What? Oh, what? Mac? What? Oh my goodness. Big Mac. Medium sized Mac. Just walk in the room. Nah, nah, I just, you were saying some things I didn't all the way agree with because hear me out. Oh boy. Nah. Nah, for real. Now listen to me. Think about what she's doing. She's doing a good service. What is for? Because, nah, don't look at me like that. And you think about it. How many things did you learn in school Mac that you do not use today? Mac. Mac. Long Division. Mac. Why did I learn that? Mac. Mac, right? Curson. Mac, Mac, Mac. No, wait, I'm trying to talk to the people, but think about you. I ain't write cur. No, nobody write there. Yeah, the square root. Why? Okay, why what? All right, Mac. But rubbing a female's feet for foreplay. No, that How many women really wish I am currently holding up? How many women wish they man did that?


I am holding up Dr. Kiva Lark's. Mugshot to the camera. Wow. Right? And I, current educator. I'm showing just hilarious doing God's work. I'm going around the room. I'm showing DJ Envy doing God's work. I'm showing red our board up now. I will show Big Mac. Big Mac. This is the woman, Dr. Ke. That's him. This is, no, that's her. This is her. Oh, she handsome. Yes. Okay. She does. Nah, listen, now you were saying, so listen, teachers, you take an oath to educate the kids. Oh, that's right. I don not be doing stuff like this out here. There you go. There you go. No, no. I staying in no toes. That's right. S right. Getting her two donkeys now. That's right. Please give Dr. Kiva Lark the biggest hee-haw. Let me see. We should have played the game. She looked like she got, yeah, we shoulda have played the game.


We should have played the to be rub. Because I never would expect that. I didn't expect that I would. Hell no. Hell no. No, I did not. That looked like one of dusky studs. Oh my God. No, don't do that. It could have been love too. She be on. Absolutely. She do look like all my life I had to fight. Yeah, she, she went to Selma, her feet. She she, 2000 steps in walking. Her feet hurt. She needed her feet rub. Just not by somebody else's 13-year-old child. Lord have mercy. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Now when we come back, Anthony, her eyes got bags. That's luggage.


What? I'm check bags. Check bags. Yes. Jesus Christ. She looks stressed. God bless her. Her feet look like they hurt. God bless her. All right. Anthony Anderson Mar. Say Martin, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com In Mississippi, Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten Asylum.


Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety. Something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell, and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast, The number one hip podcast, the girlfriends is back with something new. The Girlfriends Spotlight, where each week you'll hear women share their stories of triumph over adversity. You'll meet Luanne who escaped a secretive religious community. Do I want my freedom or do I want my family And now helps other women get out too?


I loved my girls. I still love my girls. Come and join our Girl Gang. Listen to the Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, Jay Sheti. This episode, Lizzo opens up like never before about self-love transformation and finding real peace in a world that constantly tries to define you. It's not me anymore. Whoever Lizzo is to The World is not really even me, and that disconnect is depressing. The Grammy goes to Lizzo, Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.