
Hey Welcome to the Cooper Residence Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised she put my name first. Come on in.


From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And. Young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks. I am so glad. That you. And. C. C are here. And. Georgie AT A girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS Tonight. Eight seven Central And Streaming on Paramount Plus.


What's up? It's me. Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air bud I would describe It. It very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear And. Then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, And, just make life easier. And seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like That without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bows.com for more.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And. The question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with him Or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine That your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Listen to Chef Peace, the Elian Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I? Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise know if you haven't already figured. It out the Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Colis, yet listen to Lost Colis on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Cheryl Swoopes And. I'm Tika Foster Raby And. On our new podcast, we're talking about the real obstacles women face day To day. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women. And T, And I have no problem going there. Listen to levels to this with Cheryll Swoops, And Tika Foster Brisby, And, iHeart Women's Sports Production, And Partnership with Deep Blue Sports And Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's time for don't give of the day. It's a re, but you're so good. It It, You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty Day to now We sexy Red DONKEY. Today for Thursday, October 17th goes to approved by Donald J. Trump. Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President. 2024 Inc. You. know what you're thinking. Uncle Charla, what the hell are you talking about? DONKEY today goes to approved by Donald J. Trump, paid for by Donald J. Trump for President 2024 Incorporated. we, the reason I'm saying them is because That is who is AT the You know end of this propaganda ad. Okay. That Trump's campaign is pushing That has myself And DJ Envy in It.


Okay. Salute to all the members of The. Breakfast Club across the country. Drop on a cruise bomb for all The Breakfast Club members across the country. If you are a faithful Listen of this show, you are indeed a member of the club. I've been seeing them say this to me on social media for a while, but I don't be paying attention to comments like That on social media. So I didn't know what the hell They was talking about, but my canary yellow comrade DJ Envy actually sent me the commercial And earlier this week. Donald J. Trump tweeted It out. Okay, And. He put It on his Instagram. He actually posted It the day before I was set to have the audio town hall. We the people with the vice President Kamala Harris, which is why I didn't acknowledge It earlier this week because You know the devil Be busy. You know the devil will try And do Everything possible to stop And to scratch you from your purpose.


So I ignored It. So I could handle my business, but today is a new day. And Brett Bear asked her about It on Fox News last night. So why not? Now I'm not going to play the commercial, but just know Trump is using DJ And Envy. He's using DJ And Envy. And I without our permission. Okay. My attorney sent the Trump campaign a cease And desist earlier this week. Did yours? Yes. Absolutely. All right. But They, but They are running these campaign ads in Battleground states And during NFL And College football games. That's why I first saw It And. When I first saw It, we were in here having a conversation about It. My reaction was because of the backdrop of football, It was effective. Okay, first thing you hear in the commercial is Kamala Harris supports taxpayer funded ginger transition surgeries for inmates.


The Trump commercial You know has me repeating the line because I'm explaining the commercial to the listeners. And. I also say That. If you're watching That commercial during football And, you hear That line, you gonna say, hell no. I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to That. That's what he used in the ad. By the way, I wouldn't want my taxpayer dollars going to That. But guess what? Like so many other things, That I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to They already are okay. I believe. I haven't really, but, but I I believe That before I really looked into the situation. Okay? Simply because I have more pressing issues going on in my life. But the reason I'm giving Donald Trump in this campaign DONKEY, is because number one, They are using us without our permission. Okay? Lawyers already sent a cease desist letter to his team.


But also, this is the strange thing about politics. Vice President Kamala Harris has never been president. So these ads are slamming her for what Donald Trump has already Don. See, the ad says Kamala Harris supports taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries for inmates. we, she's supporting a policy That Trump's administration actually had, okay, there is a great article in the New York Times That breaks It all down under Trump. US prisons offered gender affirming care. It's just a fact. Okay. Trump appointees AT, the Borough of Prisons, which is a division of the Justice Department, provide provided an array of gender affirming treatments, including hormone therapy for a small group of inmates who requested It during Mr Trump's four years in office, And a February, 2018 budget memo to Congress borough officials wrote That under federal law, They were obligated to pay for a prisoner surgery if It was deemed medically necessary.


And legal wrangling the delayed the first such operation until 2022 when Trump was no longer in office. But under Trump. The law stated transgender offenders may require individual counseling, And emotional support. Medical care may include pharmaceutical interventions, hair removal, And surgery. This statement in part reflected guidelines. That officials in the Obama administration released shortly before They left office in 2017, which were geared AT, ensuring transgender inmates can access programs, And services, That meet their needs. So this is the law, And, it's been the law under quite a few administrations. The most significant change the Trump administration made in the treatment guidelines after It took over was the addition of the word necessary, which the New York Times says, created a higher but not insurmountable barrier to federally funded surgeries.


I'm telling you, politics is just politics. And. I've realized it's all about who can blame who first. Okay, And. One thing Trump has mastered is the disinformation game. I told the vice president this Tuesday, it's not just you versus Trump, it's you versus disinformation. And. People eat It up. If you watch this ad, you probably think Vy, And, I are Trump supporters. And. You think vice president Kamala Harris supports taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries. But it's more nuanced than That. As she said last night on Fox with Brett Bear, when asked about It, she said she's going to follow the law just like Trump did. Let's listen. Are you still in support of using taxpayer dollars to help prison inmates or detained illegal aliens to transition to another gender?


I will follow the law. And. It's a law That Donald Trump actually followed. You're probably familiar with now, it's a public report That under Donald Trump's administration. These surgeries were available to, on a medical ne necessity basis to people in the federal prison system. And, I. Think frankly, That ad from the Trump campaign is a little bit of like throwing You know stones when you live in a glass out. He spent $20 million on those ads trying to create a sense of fear in the voters because he actually has no plan in this election. That is about focusing on the needs of the American people. Now the vice president said $20 million on propaganda.


Actually, it's like 65 million on anti-trans ads. Let's go to News Nation for the report please. We, while the economy abortion, And immigration all remain top issues for voters, the Trump campaign is trying something different. Trump And his allies spending tens of millions of dollars on political ads focusing on transgender issues. In the weeks leading up to the election, the ads playing in key swing states all in an attempt to win over suburban female voters. Let's bring in correspondent Elizabeth Fran. So Elizabeth Republicans think They have found a winning message here. Know this is fascinating, right? If you follow, follow the money essentially, where early voting numbers indicate That.


There is a lot of eager folks, right? Willing to get out early. And vote early. What do They care about? we They care about the economy, right? They care about immigration. But former President Donald Trump is dumping, as you mentioned, a ton of money into ads pertaining to transgender issues. If you look AT, a Gallup poll, 90% say the economy is extremely or very important. They're concerned about democracy. If you look AT, transgender issues, That trails around 38% Suburban female voters. Y'all care about That more than Roe V. Wade being overturned. Y'all care more about That than women's reproductive rights being scripted away. To the vice president's point, there are way bigger issues. There are two things, That. The American people care about how They can get more money in their pocket. And, how we can be safe.


That's It Katie. The economy is the number one issue. 90% of the people say That. The economy is the number one issue regardless of what your race is. Sexuality, gender identity, religion, cash rules. Where the dollars. AT. Okay, what's the point of talking about anti-Trans ads right now. 65 million on anti-trans ads. Man drop That bag to people here in America who need It. Now folks care about where their money is going, which is why when we see this ad, That says our money is going to gender transition surgeries for inmates we like. Hell no. But the reality is It all falls under the umbrella of inmates. Okay? Any inmates in the prison system getting the proper healthcare They need. Okay, but you don't realize That until you do a little digging.


It is possible to find the truth in The World full of lies. But sadly, you do have to look for It because nobody is going to give It to you, especially politicians during election season. Please let Chelsea Handler give approved by Donald J. Trump paid for by Donald J. Trump for president. 2024 Inc. The biggest. He haw. He haw, He haw. That is way too much. Dane mayonnaise. Ah, my mother was very disturbed with That one. Really know I ain't getting a text to me all week. 'cause Don 'cause they've been playing commercials where It seems like Charlemagne And myself support Donald Trump with this ad. That They spent 20 million And all over the tv. It's all over. Social media like They spent a lot money on those ads.


$65 million. Jesus Christ. Just on those ab, like not on those ads. I mean You could have took That money. And dropped It in the hood. I heard the day. That, he's gonna pop up. AT a a barbershop in the Bronx. Somebody told me That I. It's know a barber shop on Castle Hill or something. know To the Bronx, 20 mil to Bronx You. know what I'm saying? Bag drop It in the hood's Coming somewhere around here too. know he's he's he's running around. You got 65 million for anti-Trans Charlotte. Your lawyer sent a what to him. The Cease And desist. That That word was beating ass up. F Say It. One More time. What am I saying wrong about the cease And Desist? Oh no, you got It in That earlier. What I said earlier, he was like s remix.


I was like, whoa. Don't wanna hate to see, see you Coming I. Don don't want y'all to see hell for a day. Don don't want y'all to spend eternal life there, but just because I Wanna be the tour guy. I Just want them see service And all That set up for a day, just 24 hours in hell for both. Just One more time for the people. Say cease And desist. Slow your hair a little open up here. Just up here. AT the top call That the you mad. It's like somebody just drew the blind back a little. Bit's a Because I have hair's, right? That's right. You mad because my hairline still exists. You know, but it's just right there. Didn't you put That Hood back on? Alright, we, we come back, close the blind a little bit. Open up the phone lines. He Don't drink. Five, eight, five one five lines a little bit.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb. And Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And, when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake That ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy, Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And. The question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with him Or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Listen to peace, the Elian Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I? Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise know. If you haven't already figured, It out the Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Culture. This yet, listen to Lost Chota on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Cheryl Swoopes And. I'm Tika Foster. Brisby And. On our new podcast, we're talking about the real obstacles women face day to Day. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women. And, T, And I have no problem going there. Listen to levels to this with Shel Swoopes, And Tika Foster Brisby And, iHeart Women's Sports Production, And partnership with Deep Blue Sports, And Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And. We are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, And, honestly, just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


Hey, I am Jay. She And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.