
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Everybody, It's your favorite play. Cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hostings, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The World of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball league and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say anything. Don't give. Damn. Throw it up. Hey, on The Breakfast Club, in the words of Charlemagne, God's a DONKEY. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Thursday, April 3rd is a double down to a DONKEY that I did earlier this week. Chris Lewis, the 24-year-old brother from Augusta, Georgia, who was arrested for deprivation of a minor after he left his kids. Three kids ages 10, six, and one years old at a McDonald's unattended because he had a job interview.


Can I refresh your memory? Let's go to Fox. To Fox 26 Houston for the report please. A job interview ends badly for a man in Georgia. Chris Lewis was arrested March 22nd. Police say he left his kids in a McDonald's by themselves while he went to an interview for a job. He reportedly told police he did not have a car and lived nearby. Louis said instead of making his three kids who are one, six and 10 years old, walk home alone, he decided to make them stay in the restaurant. What we know is he was there from four, the kids were there from four 30. He returned at six 18 and then the mother was on the way as well.


But we don't know if she was called by police or him after the fact or if she was on the way. Anyway, Now let's talk. I gave him DONKEY today for one simple reason. You don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment because there's no job on this planet that would make up for something happening to your child in that McDonald's. It's that simple salute to the good sister Tony Rivera. Drop on a clue's mind for Tony Rivera. You know, she's always out here providing, you know, human trafficking awareness and she told me it's so much trafficking going on in Atlanta and the Georgia area. She said black kids are gone for a high rate right now. She said 75 grand and up. Okay. And you just going leave your three beautiful black babies, 10, six and one to fend for themselves in a fast food restaurant for an hour and a half times may be hard, but they gonna be even harder if, God forbid something tragic had happened to those kids.


Now y'all called up to this radio station. Y'all was all in the comments telling me I forgot where I came from as if I ever came from a place where my parents was leaving me unattended at a fast food restaurant. I see people starting GoFundMe for the young man. Antonio Brown as of this morning, has raised almost 80,000 grand for him. Okay? The post on the GoFundMe says, story called me by surprise. A dad just trying to find a way to make money for his family. I know he shouldn't just leave his kids, but some people don't have the means for babysitting, et cetera. This GoFundMe is set in place to help this man. I have spoken with GoFundMe and they will get the funds to Chris and his family. I haven't spoken to Chris yet, but I hope to do so soon. You haven't spoken to Chris, but you're organizing to raise money for him.


Why you don't wanna vet the brother and make sure the story is what he says it is because to me, And I said this yesterday, the story wasn't adding up. I wasn't trying to cast doubt on the brother's story, even though his story sounded like it had bacterial vaginosis. Okay? Yes. Vaginosis. Well, whatever. It just sounded fishy. Okay? I was just pointing out the fact that a job or job interview shouldn't come before the safety of your kids. Okay? A man's job is to protect and provide and protect comes before provision for a reason. To me, when I heard the story, it didn't make sense. These kids were left alone for an hour and a half. What job interview last that long? And witnesses said they kept seeing Chris walk back and forth. What job interview lets you just keep walking back and forth.


Oh, Charlamagne, you don't have no empathy. Charlamagne, you're speaking from a place of privilege. No, I'm speaking from a place of common sense and common sense ain't that common in this modern era. So today we have an update from the same outlet that I got the story from the Augusta Press. The Richmond County authorities released a full report Wednesday with more details and based on the video evidence and the timeline provided by all parties involved, it was determined that Chris Lewis was not, I repeat, was not engaged in a job interview or application process during the time the children were left unattended. He was not really looking for a job while the children were at McDonald's. Can I give you some details from the police report and the noted inconsistencies, captain Danny Whitehead noted in regards to the whereabouts of Chris while his children were left attended?


Okay, let's start with the 10-year-old. You know the kid's going to tell it. Okay. She told officers that her siblings and her father walked to McDonald's from the Hendricks apartment complex. She said her daddy told her he had to deliver a backpack to the apartment complex and told her he would return shortly. The child also mentioned that her father Chris frequently leaves them alone. Two witnesses said they recalled hearing Chris on the phone with someone and he was overheard saying he needed to drop something off. The witnesses stated that after this the father left McDonald's leaving the children behind for approximately an hour and a half. The 10-year-old daughter contacted her mother on social media at approximately 6:00 PM The mother arrived at McDonald's at 6:12 PM She advised that Chris was supposed to deliver a backpack to her mother at the Hendricks Apartments and had been told that he must take the children with him.


The kid's mother immediately called Chris who answered and stated that he was on the way back to McDonald's from the apartment complex. Chris arrived at 6:18 PM still in possession of the backpack and he told his child's mother that he had been trying to find her to give her the backpack and the children's mother reminded him that he was not supposed to leave the children unattended. Don't go refunding your money from GoFundMe. Now listen to the rest. Now Chris claimed he left the kids at McDonald's because he went to fill out a job application at the West Bank Inn, which is located adjacent to the McDonald's. And he was waiting for a callback for a possible interview.


He said he left to drop the backpack off at the apartment complex, but during the time he lost his ID and he lost another card and he had been retracing his steps trying to find them. Oh, you can feel the nigga tree in this story rising. So Captain Whitehead went to the West Bank Inn to verify Chris's story. He spoke to the manager and she confirmed that Chris did come in on March 22nd and he did complete a job application. She also conducted an informal interview with him on that date. When asked if Chris would be expecting a call back for a formal interview, she said no. The manager provided video surveillance footage of when Chris was there. Guess what the times were.


What were the times? 1:12 PM to 1:37 PM The kids were left unattended at McDonald's from 4:30 PM to 6:12 PM So as I said before, based on the video evidence and the timeline provided by all parties involved, Chris was not engaged in a job interview when he left the kids at McDonald's. Furthermore, by his own admission he was walking between McDonald's in the apartment complex. You know, during that period in the distance between the two locations is oh 0.4 miles. Now, don't let any of that distract you from the fact that regardless of what Chris was doing during this time, you don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment or anything else because there is no job or anything else you could be doing that would make up for something happening to your child when you leave them unattended for an hour and a half in a public place.


I'm just doubling down on DONKEY today. You can discuss amongst yourselves, please let Remi ma give Chris Lewis the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb thoughts? I knew it. I knew it. And every he was up here. Nah, I don't think the brother should get, you know, he just lock him up, slap him on the wrist and let him go. 'cause he was trying to do something. He was out here serving scramble coke and smack. Damn You. You walking Back and forth and all of that. How you turn McDonald's into a daycare, like what's wrong with you? See, You can't change the goalpost. Charla move post. Don't move the goal post and you can't change it either. See, Charlamagne reported exactly what happened and that's what we made a decision based off what he said.


Okay? Now, if Charlemagne didn't give the right information a couple of days ago because a couple of days ago Charlemagne said this man was doing a job again for a job application. Dumb as did he or did he not say that a couple days ago? He didn't. So now, no, no. Now you changing it. No, I'm not. We did this off based on what you said. First of all, you're not gonna distract, you're not gonna distract me. I, what did I just finished saying? 'cause you know NB don't listen. I said don't let any of that distract you from the fact that regardless of what Chris was doing during this time, you don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment or anything else. I gave him Donkey of the Day for leaving the kids unattended at a McDonald's for an hour and a half. I don't give a damn what he was doing. And I, during that hour and a half, I Agreed if you, I didn't Move no gold ball.


I said, I agree he should get Donkey of the Day. But if he was actually going to a job interview no and was not doing no F ish, I didn't think he should been resting. It matter What he was doing. You don't leave your children unattended. And I said, as the child, As the child's mom said, the child's mom said just to you don't leave your kids unattended. That's for an hour and a half in a public place. Agree. And I said, I agree. That's why I gave him DONKEY the day. I just didn't feel he should have got arrested. If he was really getting judge, you Should've held yourself accountable for not reading Ry the right way. And then also that's what You gave me, Thery. No, I didn't. And also I, I spotted, I smelled thery a wrong time ago When You, when you first you, you said your baby daddy would do something like that. I never said that in my life.


Never, ever, ever. Now Ron Rome would leave the kids with a random girl that he'd have known for three days. Oh, but he not gonna leave his kids in a public place and let alone a McDonald's. By the way, that's crazy too. Leaving the kids alone for with a random girl for three days is crazy. Absolutely. But it beats leaving them in a fast food restaurant. It's about the same. Well yeah, it is kind of about the same. It's Honestly, McDonald's might be, I don Yeah, McDonald's might be worse 'cause at least you got somebody watching the kid. You don't know what the kid, the, the person might do to the kids. That's right because, but you, at least somebody's watching 'em and just leaving them unattended at McDonald's for an hour and a half. That's Crazy. It's crazy. And the Lord 10-year-old baby girl, she said, my dad do this all the time. Like I already knew what that was. She getting tired of being a parent at McDonald's.


Alright, well once, once again, you don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment or anything else. There is no reason to leave your 10-year-old, 6-year-old and 1-year-old unattended at a damn McDonald's for an hour and a half. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Hey


everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a brawling gold glove. I'm a new podcast dropping diamonds. We dive headfirst into The World of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network. Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans.


We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok, you come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. It Was shocking. It was very shocking. Like that could have been my daughter, like you never know. I'm Jen Swan. I'm the host of a new podcast called My Friend Daisy.


It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turned to social media to help track down their friend's. Killer. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.