
Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're The hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too much And women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


Happy holidays from me, Michael Rappaport, and my gift to you is a free subscription to the I Am Rappaport Stereo Podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast,


Yes you are a DONKEY To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now, a new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white, The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? Well, DONKEY of the Day for Wednesday, January 29th goes the Georgia representative Rich McCormick, he is a Republican who was on CNN yesterday defending Trump's federal aid freeze on school lunch programs.


Now, I don't know about y'all, but I grew up on school lunch programs, okay? During the school year and at summertime, my grandmother was a lunch lady at RA Ready Intermediate School in Moss Corner, South Carolina, drop on a clues bond for Aria Ready Intermediate School. Okay? So sometimes she would bring those lunches home and I'm gonna tell you something. I remember one kid in fourth grade who was so poor. Mind you, none of us came from any money, but he had it worse than a lot of us. That school lunch program was the only time that young brother used to eat throughout the whole day. And I remember we had an evil mean ass teacher named Ms. Freeman. That woman used to punish that young man by telling him he couldn't eat lunch. And I'll never forget the pain in that young man's face when she used to do that to him. People are really, really cruel.


And that's what we are seeing from folks like Rich McCormick. Okay? Not only does he agree with the federal aid freeze on school lunch programs, he says that kids should be working instead of receiving free lunch. Let's go to CNN Pamela Brown for the report, please. Would you support getting rid of, you know, school lunch for vulnerable kids and breakfast and Head Start? Do you support that? And what do you say to your constituents When you talk about school lunches? Hey, I, I worked my way through high school. I, I know about you, but I worked since I was, before I was even 13 years old, I was picking berries in the fields before I had child labor laws that that precluded that I was a paper boy and, and when I was in high school, I worked my entire way through.


You're telling me that kids who stay at home instead of going to work at Burger King McDonald's during the summer should stay at home and get their free lunch instead of going to work. I think we need to have a top down review. I don I think you're paying A lot of these Kids with a broad, Broad brush. I, I would say that's not necessarily exactly a fair as of all of the kids. So you would say all the kids in your district who use the free lunch for example, or breakfast, they're all not just seen at home and not working, not okay, I just wanna clarify because that seems like gives what Chance, what you're trying to, this, this gives us a chance. This gives us a chance though to see where is the money really being spent? How many people got their start in fast food restaurants when they're kids versus just giving a blanket rule that gives all kids lunches in high school who are capable of going out and actually getting a job and doing something that makes 'em have value thinking about their future instead of thinking about how they're going to sponge off the government.


Okay, you want high school kids to get a job? What about elementary school? What about middle school kids? Okay, you know what I'm saying? Like, lemme tell you something man, that you already probably know. America does not give a damn about poor people Emini here. They could care less. When I first heard this story, I thought to myself, does Rich McCormick know that there are poor white, you know, you know kids that he'll be depriving as well? Because, you know, blackness is just my default setting, so I just assumed this is happening because of race, because growing up I was a black kid who benefited from school lunch programs. But no guys like Rich McCormick don't give a damn about color. They care about, they don't give a, they, they, they don't give a damn about race. They don't give a damn about poor people. Period. Okay? It's all a matter of class, but I just want to tell folks like Rich McCormick because the Trump administration is ahead of schedule on ruin the economy.


By the way, now I wanna start, I wanna say something, but they are ahead of schedule. See, I've told y'all before that the economy, since World War II does better when it's the Democrat in the White House. And this isn't about party affiliation because I'm an independent, I'm just dealing with facts. There have been 11 recessions in this country, 10 of them have been Republican led. So I'm already anticipating that for this administration. Say what you want. Democrats create jobs, Democrats at least attempt to expand the middle class and strengthen the economy. Okay? I understand that a lot of folks don't always feel that in their pockets, so it's hard for people to believe that. I get it, but let's be clear, this capitalist society we live in doesn't matter who's in charge, okay? Republicans and Democrats because the gap between the haves and have nots is so wide, okay? The wealth inequality in this country is so great that what they are currently implementing by attempting to, you know, order this federal spending freeze you stopping Medicaid School breakfast, lunch programs, section eight, rental assistance, the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants and kids farm credits, the va, the SBA defense contracts, anything that provides people with financial relief, they trying to put a freeze on Rich McCormick.


If the havenots the poor, if they hungry and can't give food, what you think they going to eat? That's right. Your ass, wait a minute. That might have decided you No, not your, not your literal ass Emini here, figuratively as in eat the rich. Okay? Let me give you a reminder from the late great Tupac Shakur on what happens when a country doesn't take care of the least of us. If I know that in this hotel room, they have food every day and I'm knocked on the door every day to eat, and they tell, and they open the door, let me see the party, let me see, like them throwing salami all over the Emini here, just like throwing food around where they're telling me there's no food in here. You know what I'm saying?


Every day I'm standing outside trying to sing my way in. You know what I'm saying? We are hungry. Please let us in. We are hungry. Please let us in. After about a week, that song is gonna change the We Hungry, we need some food. After two, three weeks, it's like, you know, give food, banging down the door and after a year, then you just like, you know what I'm saying? I'm picking the lock coming through the door blasting. You know what I'm saying? It is like you hungry, you reached your level. You don't want any more. We asked 10 years ago, we was asking with the Panthers, we was asking with them, you know, the civil rights movement we was asking, you know, now, now those people that were asking, they're all dead and in jail. So now what do you think we're gonna do? It's, it's only a matter of time.


Okay, rich McCormick, this is how I know folks like yourself. Y'all don't really believe in Christ. Y'all don't really believe in Christ. 'cause Matthew 25 40 talks about taking care of the least of us. All right? Talks about taking care of the least of Bus. It says Truly, I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me. This just means that by caring for those who are most vulnerable are marginalized, you are serving Jesus himself. That's not what you doing. Rich McCormick, please give that man the biggest Hee-haw. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael.


The bull is soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups.


This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait.


Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and batter than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too much And women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your truck. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


Happy holidays from me, Michael Rappaport, and my gift to you is a free subscription to the I Am Rappaport Stereo Podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.