
Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects Podcast where we chat to, well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions, they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, improve as a parent. There's so much discussion of how do we build our careers? When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen To the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


It's time for a brand new podcast. Celebrity book Club is Steven and Lily. You probably don't have time to read books. Let us do it for you. We've decided because we are grown consenting adults that we're gonna read a book every single week. And here we are From Abraham Lincoln to Lauren Graham, John Stamos, to Sylvia Plath. We cover memoirs, poetry, children's books or cookbooks, and we discuss them in nauseating detail. It's pretty academic. It's basically literary criticism. So get your degree, put your glasses on, And listen to Celebrity Book Club with Steven and Lilly on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never heard. We giving You reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm a DONKEY. Say it again, y'all man. I'm a DONKEY. You are a DONKEY. Everything That charm is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, July 16th goes The lawmakers in California. Today's the 16th, right? Yes. Tuesday, July 16th code. The lawmakers in California who yesterday made California the first US state to ban school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification change under a law. Signed Monday by Gavin Newsom. You heard me right? California is the first state to ban school rules requiring parents get notified of their child's pronoun change.


Let's go to WLBY three news for the report please. It's a first In the nation law, the Governor bans policies that require teachers to tell parents if their child asks to change their gender identification. Well, I think with gov, the governor signing AB 1955, it's actually going to just cause more confusion. Rockland Unified is one of at least six other districts in the state that tried passing similar policies. Many met with legal challenges and while it's being praised as a way to protect L-G-B-T-Q students from so-called forced outings, If parents aren't supportive of their children, then the children shouldn't have to tell the parents. Some say it could interfere with parent transparency.


Yeah, the the biggest sticking point in in why I'm opposed to AB 1955 is that it's going to have others on the other side try to force school districts to keep secrets from parents. And I. Think that's a non-starter for me. I agree. That was actually A-W-L-B-T three news for the report. And this is where politicians lose me every damn time. I wouldn't care if my child identified as a teenage mutant ninja turtle. Okay? They could come in that classroom and say they Leonardo Donatello, Raphael and Michelangelo teacher, you better tell me so I know what the hell's going on. Got me confused as hell when my kid comes home craving pizza all the damn time, walking around with weapons like nunchucks and twin katanas, a bow twin size. They're doing kicks, wearing bandana mask and I'm trying to figure out what the hell is going on.


Then I come to you, okay? After parent, okay. Parent to teacher and ask you, If, you noticed any changes and you tell me you're not allowed to disclose that information. See, this is the problem we us, okay? As a society, we not a village You know. All right? We not a village when it comes to our kids. We supposed to work as one unit. What I don't see as a parent, you may see as a teacher what you don't know about my child. As a teacher, I may have information as a parent that can help you. We gotta work in concert with each other. Okay. Brandon Richards, a spokesperson for Gavin Newsom says This law helps keep children safe while protecting the critical role of parents. He said in the statement, it protects the child, parent relationship by preventing politicians and school staff from inappropriately intervening in family matters and attempting to control if, when, and how.


Families have deeply personal conversations. Brandon, as your leader, Joe Biden says quite often, that's a bunch of malarkey. Okay? To me, you're doing the opposite. If my child comes out at school, comes out to you, but hasn't come out to me yet, then that means my child may be dealing with a whole lot of backlash, a whole lot of hate, a whole lot of prejudice that their young mind can't navigate through And. I would like to be there to help them do that. What happens if my child You know, God forbid, kills themselves because they're getting bullied because of their gender identity. And I had no idea. Okay? I had no idea. That's what they even identified as. I didn't know they identified as something else. How can you as a teacher, sleep at night knowing you knew but didn't tell me their parent or guardian and how hot would a parent be if they found out you had that information and didn't tell me.


Jonathan Zachen an advocate in California who supports what this article calls the parental notification policies opposes the law and said, telling parents about a student's request to change their gender identification is critical to the wellbeing of children and for maintaining that trust between school and parents. I agree. Okay. It's critical to the wellbeing of children because, well, You know. We know how daddy and mommy issues impact us in the future. And listen, a lot of times kids be thinking their parents are gonna be mad at things their parents not even tripping on. Okay? Yes. If your child comes to you and tells you they identify as another gender, it's gonna take you aback, but that's still your child. And most parents are gonna love their children regardless.


The ones that don't. They just terrible people. Okay? I understand that coming out to your parents is hard, okay? Deciding when to come out is difficult. I get it. People want to do it on their own terms, but when you do come out, I feel like it should be You. know your parents first, but I don't even wanna get caught up in the LGBTQ Disney plus of it all. I just encourage my kids to tell me everything. The secrets we keep as a society have done nothing but hurt us. Okay? We don't do ourselves any favor by keeping secrets, which is why I tell my kids to tell me everything. We will figure it out. Don't lie to me, don't keep nothing from me because nobody gonna help you navigate whatever it is you dealing with better than me and your mama. Okay? Your real day ones. Teachers, we have to help each other, okay?


As parents, we send our kids off to school every day. Our kids spend a large part of their days at school with teachers. I feel that teachers should be required to tell parents of any changes to their child's emotional, mental, or physical health. It's only right, okay? And as a parent, if I know my child has some issues, I should have to tell the teacher to tell the teacher about those issues in order to make their job easier so they can make the proper adjustments. All right? That's just the way The World should work. This child is your responsibility part-time for a brief moment in time. This child is my responsibility forever until they become an adult and start taking care of me. So therefore, you better tell me everything You know about my child. Tell me everything you learn about my child. Why? Because that's my child. Once again, we don't do ourselves any favors by keeping secrets and we damn sure don't need California lawmakers making laws to assist my child in keeping them.


Please give California lawmakers who made Cali the first US state toban school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification change. The biggest, he haw. And to me, this ain't even about gender identification, it's just about encouraging children to keep secrets from their parents. I ain't with that. I I don't think there's any parents that will agree with this. I don't know. That's what we open the phone lines for. (800) 585-1051. Thank you for that DONKEY today. Are there anybody out there that agrees with this? I don't know. We about to find out. Call us up right now. (800) 585-1051. 'cause like you said, it's, it's almost like you're encouraging Keeping secrets.


Secrets have done nothing but hurt us as a society. Sounds stupid and dumb. Especially in, in, in, well, I can't say especially 'cause I only know about the black community. Why do we say that? Especially in the black community. I'm only, I'm black. That's all I know. Okay. I just know secrets have never helped us. Yeah. I'm black too. As a people. I'm, that is so debatable. I'm black. That is so debatable. I'm black. That's what you say. I'm black. That's what you identify as. Yo, shut up man. That's what you I black identify black. That's what you identify because that's what I am. That's what you identify. That's what I am. It's okay. That's what I'm, it's okay. That's what I'm, I'm not here to argue with you this morning. Roof. Wow. Roof. Wow. Ask me what I identify now too. You are a black dog. Ask me what I identify now. You's. What? You, you a black dog?


That's what you're saying. Meow. Now you a black cat. Ooh, so you just, bad luck now. You a black cow. He now you a black dunk. This is crazy. I'm not playing this game. Why you doing this? Hey, I, I, I don't even know why I mess with you. 805 8 5 1 0 5. Oh, we're talking about this, Lord, that they're trying to pass in California. Do you agree? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. You're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


It's time for a brand new podcast. Celebrity book club is Steven and Lily. You Probably don't have time to read books. Let us do it for you. We've decided because we are grown consenting adults that we're gonna read a book every single week. And here we are From Abraham Lincoln to Lauren Graham, John Stamos, to Sylvia Plath. We cover memoirs, poetry, children's books or cookbooks, and we discuss them in nauseating detail. It's pretty academic. It's basically literary criticism, So get your degree, put your glasses on, And listen to Celebrity Book Club with Steven and Lilly on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never heard. We giving you reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.