
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUVs designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and where conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always to care.


Cargo


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month Each at t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% apr, 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone For Details@public.com,


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


It's Time for don't get the change. I'm Ain't trying to be DONKEY today No more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these Things called DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne, who Got the DONKEY today? Today, well, just hilarious. DONKEY. Today for Wednesday, July 10th goes to George Stephanopoulos of a BC News. George is a former White House communications director. He's of course a TV commentator, political commentator. You see him every morning with Robin Robertson, Michael Crahan on Good Morning America. He's a fantastic journalist. One of the best out there and that's why it pains me to see someone like him have to apologize for saying exactly how he feels when what he said actually needs to be said.


See, TMZ obtained video of George out and about working, working out in the streets of New York City when a random pedestrian approached him and fresh off the heels of an interview George did with President Biden, an interview that was supposed to clean up the mess Biden made at his debate against Trump. The pedestrian asked the question that a lot of Americans are asking, and that question is simply, do you think Biden should step down? Well, George replied with something the American people don't get too often, and that's an honest answer. Let's listen. What do you think? Do you think Biden should step down? You talk to him more than anybody else have lately and you can be honest, serve four more years. You don't think he can serve four more years? All right, that's an answer.


Nothing wrong with that answer. If folks don't feel like You know Biden can serve four more years. If folks don't feel like Biden can win, if folks don't feel like he's physically or mentally capable of You know serving four more years, and they should say that because I've been asking a simple question for over a year now. Is the Biden Harris ticket a winnable ticket in 2024? Most of the polling I'm seeing says no. So whether you are a high ranking Democrat in a party or a pundit on tv, you cannot lie to the American people about what they see and feel. You don't gain the trust of people like that. The reason this man in the street asked George about Biden was because George is, has been up close and personal with Biden. He just spoke to him.


So it is beyond damaging to hear George say that he doesn't feel President Biden can do four more years. But the follow up question for George should have been, well, who are you gonna vote for? I can almost guarantee George would say Biden, because George gives a damn about democracy. I'm sure the pedestrian would say that George will If you don't think he can serve four more years? Why are you voting for him? George's answer would probably be because these are our choices, okay? Trump and Biden. So I have to choose one, or you can choose to stay home. I can guarantee you a former senior advisor to the Democratic Party is not going to stay home. Now why is George getting DONKEY here today? Because yesterday, okay, George Nolis apologized for his comment on Joe Biden's second term White House chances in a statement obtained by NBC News, George said earlier today, I responded to a question from a passerby, I shouldn't have a B, c.


News also said in the statement, George expressed his own point of view and not the position of a B, C news. You know why this bothers me because journalists like George are people we trust. Okay? They're people we trust. So if George thinks Biden You know You know can't serve another four years, You know he should be allowed to say it and deal with whatever backlash comes with that. But truthfully, it shouldn't be any backlash because we should appreciate a journalist like George telling the truth. Journalists like George owe us the truth. And when the truth is spoken, the Biden campaign should adjust accordingly. The Democratic party needs to adjust accordingly. The only person making George feel like Biden can't serve another four years is Joe Biden.


And the only person who has to convince the American people, people they are capable of running for four more years is Joe Biden. And if Joe Biden is sitting down with folks like George and George walks away feeling like he can't serve another four years, guess whose fault that is? President Biden and his campaign. If folks don't think that ticket can win, then damn it put together a plan that changes people's minds because If, you lose in November because you choose to ignore polls. More importantly, you choose to ignore the feelings of the people, then that is your fault. Okay? And I'm giving George DONKEY today because the only reason he backed off those remarks is because I gdat the White House threatened A, B, C with no access.


If they didn't, I know how this works. They know how damaging what George said about President Biden was. So someone made a call and said, if y'all don't walk this back, we will never sit with a b, C news ever again. All access to the White House and the President and the vice president will be denied. Guaranteed. That's what happened. And that's a damn shame that people would go to those links to suppress the truth. And that is what discourages people in regards to this whole voting thing. You don't lie to people and attempt to finesse people and pee on people's leg and tell 'em it's raining. Just tell me the truth because I already have eyes and ears. Okay? Y'all don't want Biden to drop out, fine. Y'all don't want Vice President Harris at the top of the ticket. Fine. But don't lie to me about how you feel in regards to this 81-year-old man If.


you don't think he can serve another four years? Cool. Thank you for confirming what I already believed, but I also know I only got two choices in this coming election. So now that you've told me you don't think he can serve another four years, tell me why I should vote for him anyway. Hey, Trump has 34 felony convictions, charges of fraud, election diversion, obstruction, okay? He led an attempted co in his country and he's the primary architect of an institution that is no longer legitimate called the Supreme Court. He selected three of those corrupt ass judges that have abolished Roe v. Wade, that have made it legal for state and local officials. They accept bribes and made presidents immune to criminal prosecution for official acts in office. With all that, people still feel like they're gonna vote for Trump anyway. So you mean to tell me that folks can't handle the truth about Joe Biden?


Joe Biden and still vote for him in spite of they can look past all of that with Trump, but not for Biden. This is what I mean when I say Republicans are more sincere about their lies than Democrats are about their truth. Republicans have no problem saying so what? Keep it moving. Meanwhile, George Stephanopoulos tells the truth and now he has to apologize for it. Instead of being on Good Morning America this morning, having a discussion about why he feels Biden can't serve four more years, but also why he's probably gonna vote for him anyway. Please give George Steff a nous the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons DONKEY of the day.


You're the DONKEY of the day. I'm starting to think y'all purposely turn up the heat when I do DONKEY today. For some reason it's been extremely Hot. I they be loving you with that little fan. Yeah, I think that's what it is. They wanna see me do the fans. That's what it is. It'd be perfectly fine in here. You got on a blanket and I'm over here burning up. What's going on on that side of the room? Envy. Always giving somebody on with the the blanket, The little shawl. That's my blanket. Yo, I drink my, my water in my juice. And, I get cold in the morning. I get a little chilly, so I just put on my little, Oh, that's menopause. Bring A sweater. Are you not Menopause?


No. They do something with this heat. They don't Know the heat. Oh, that's menopause. But Most Dominican men do get menopausal around after 45. I'm not Dominican. That's my step And. I don't have menopause. Don't. Please don't. The Dominican men gonna call up like No, we don't. Don't do all that. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, and don't be afraid to tell the truth people trust me, the American people can handle it. Okay. Okay.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living. Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash, no fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


It's time for today's Lucky Land Horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land You know what they say, your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com available To players in the us, excluding Washington and Michigan. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus turns and condition supply


Is getting gas at shell Burning a hole in your wallet. What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop you'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.