
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The Holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds in a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift the whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Welcome to The, World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Bose ultra open earbuds own the gift game and go to bose.com/iheart to shop the best deals.


Now You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


They gave me DONKEY of the day. And I deserve. The people need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell it's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy red DONKEY today for Monday, November 11th goes to Kaitlyn. Jenna. Now, Kaitlyn Jena is a transgender, I think. I don't know anymore. I just know he, she doesn't identify as whatever she was born as. His mama used to call him Bruce, but now we call him. Call her Kaitlin. So yes, she's transgender. Now, if it's one thing this election taught me is people really do vote their interest and their interest is not attached to their identity.


And I must say it is fascinating to me. Okay? I really want to know the science behind this. Okay. Latinos and immigrants from other countries, they aren't afraid of doing. They aren't afraid of things like mass deportation because 46% of Latinos and 55% of Latino men voted for Donald j Donald J. Trump. Even though he said on day one he will have a mass deportation push. Okay? Most Latino men say they chose Trump because of economy and jobs. Nevermind the fact, okay, that grandma may get sent back to her place of origin. How do you say grandma in Hispanic abuela, abuela, abuela may get sent back to her place of origin. My interest is jobs in the economy. Okay? Not mad at it. I just find it fascinating and that is also how I feel about Caitlyn, because Caitlyn is trans, but she is a huge Donald Trump supporter.


I would even say Donald Trump d rider. In fact, she made an offer to Donald Trump after his election wins. She said, not only does she support Trump, she wants to work in his administration. Okay? Caitlyn posted a picture of herself, Trump his granddaughter, Kai and Elon Musk with the caption, hope is back in America. These two men will single-handedly say Western civilization, and that starts with a strong United States of America. I am here and that's your service and forever indebted to your sacrifice for this country. Let's make America great again. Hmm. Found to me like Caitlin wants his next gender reassignment surgery sponsored by SpaceX. Okay? He wants his testicles replaced for Teslas, okay? He wants to have the Tesla vaginas just put it on autopilot and it plays with itself.


Now, while Kaitlyn Jenner was looking to be in Trump's administration, Trump was promising rollbacks on trans rights. And he said that he's gonna make it a federal law. If there are only two genders, don't believe me, you can hear it from Trump yourself On day one, I will revoke Joe Biden's cruel policies on so-called gender affirming care. Ridiculous. A process that includes giving kids puberty blockers, mutating their physical appearance, and ultimately performing surgery on minor children. Can you believe this? I will ask Congress to pass a bill establishing that the only genders recognized by the United States government are male and female, and they are assigned at birth.


The bill will also make clear that Title IX prohibits men from participating in women's sports, and we will protect the rights of parents from being forced to allow their minor child to assume a gender which is new and an identity without the parents' consent. No serious country should be telling its children that they were born with the wrong gender. A concept that was never heard of in all of human history. Nobody's ever heard of this. What's happening today? No, I'm not here to debate you on anything Donald J. Trump. Donald J. Trump just said, okay, we can talk about that another day. What I am here to say is Kaitlyn Jenner, as a transgender, you just look like a devil damn fool glazing Trump and Elon the way you are after hearing stuff like that.


Now, don don't have a problem choosing issues over identity, but not if one of the issues is somebody trying to erase the existence of my identity altogether. Once again, I'm not debating you on any of the trans stuff that Trump just said. I'm just talking about the principle. How could you Caitlyn support someone that is absolutely trying to erase your existence? I'm just asking. Okay. Caitlyn, you are not what JD Vance would call a normal gay guy. I don't even know if you're gay at all. don don't know. And what I don't like is when someone can reap the benefits of a community, but not stand up for the rights of that community. Caitlyn doesn't want to be an advocate for the trans community, but you damn sure took advantage of all the privileges that came with being trans. Glamour Magazine made Caitlyn woman of the Woman of the year, and she hadn't been identifying as a woman for a whole 365 days, yet they called her a trans champion, a title she should have never received because the only trans champion I know are autobox.


But if you are going to be labeled a trans champion, then you have to be ready to go to the mat for them at all times. You can not be in support of an administration that is rolling back your rights and trying to eliminate your existence. don don't like people who can hokey pokey with their gender identity. Kaitlin wants to put his right foot in, take his right foot out, put his left foot in, take her left foot out, pee at the urinary salt and shake it all about. But that is not how any of this should work. But You know what at the end of the day, Caitlin, you can change the top layer, but you was who you was before you got here. And what you are is a rich white male. And that's why I keep saying him when I shouldn't be. But I can't stop seeing Kaitlyn as a rich white male.


And that identity, pun intended, trumps all. Please let Chelsea handle her. Give Kaitlyn Jenna the biggest hee-haw. He Haw, he haw. That is way too much Dan mayonnaise. He's just a rich white man. That is so Crazy and everybody need to cut it out. Now When you say it is fine, as soon as Jeff say it off with her head, period, All I'm simply saying is, but He's rich White woman. No, he's a rich white man and he acts like one. Okay, But listen, he was named, damn. Yo, you got me calling this yo, this yo, you Got me calling this yo yo, yo, yo. You got me calling this yo yo, Yo, yo, relax. No, they, they made him Woman of the year. He ain't say, yo, I'm, I'm trying to be woman of the year today.


You know That's true. I'm saying he that is true. He just accepted it You. know what I'm saying? That's true. Yeah. So don't be putting all that on on them. Well, alright, Because I can't do, yo, I can't do this. He got me caught. You know I can't do this. Well, you won't have to after January according to Trump. That's right. That's right. I know that's right. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. Now let's talk to some of these alpha women out there. What is that? We going Go from? Wait a minute, you gotta get them to no, yo. What you mean? What is that? Y'all trying to get me in trouble? Trouble. What the hell is the alpha woman now? Dr. Cheyenne Bryan was here earlier and she said she's an alpha woman. Okay. Okay, so it hasn't changed. The definition hasn't changed. Okay, good.


What? What Mean? The definition hasn't Changed. I is the definition of an alpha woman. Would You consider yourself an Alpha woman? A powerful yes, A powerful successful woman You know who leads and You know I that's, that's obviously what Dr. Cheyenne Bryant is and that's what an Alpha Woman is. But after that conversation at the DONKEY today going straight into Alpha Woman, Alpha woman, he was, We gotta make sure setting What you saying. What you saying, sir. So let's Up the phone. She's strong and confident. She works hard, is always busy. She's powerful, playful, and always up for a challenge. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who won October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere unearths the plot to murder a one woman, WikiLeaks. She exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Justin Richmond, host of the Broken Record podcast. Every week I or my co-host Leah Rose, sit down with the artist you love to get unparalleled creative insight. Our new series is looking at one of the most influential jazz labels ever. Blue Note records. You'll hear from artists like Legendary bassist, Ron Carter, singer songwriter Nora Jones, and guitarist Julian La listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of The World. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also the James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc Makeba, All the biggest black artists that on the planet Together in Africa. It was a Big Deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That? We are actually besties in real life And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.