
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


It's Time for DONKEY of the I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these days. Call DONKEY of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne, Who got the DONKEY of the Day today? Well, DONKEY today for Monday December 16th goes the comrade work way founded James Har. Now who is James Har. He is the founder of a socialist apparel brand who is online calling for the deaths of corporate executives. You know, ever since United Healthcare CEO, Brian Thompson was gunned down in the streets of Manhattan, we have all these sick individuals who feel like killing CEOs is gonna change things. They feel like killing CEOs is gonna change the system.


It makes zero sense to me. Brian Thompson is dead. His kids are going to grow up without a father. Luigi man Gioni is going to prison for the rest of his life. And the healthcare systems are the same as they have always been. This did not and will not improve the healthcare system and going around executing CEOs will not improve any damn thing. But people like James Har are still pushing for that. See James Har is planning to sell a deck of a deck of cards of Most Wanted CEOs complete with names and faces and decorated with illustrations of gun range targets. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Listen to this guy. Did You know in 2003 the US military a defense agency created a most wanted Iraqi playing card set?


They, they made it so they could help troops identify the most wanted members of people in Saddam Hussein's like cabinet, military, government, everything like that, help them find and do what they needed to do. They looked like this. They had like pictures of them and like their, like their name and like where, what party, what they do, things like that. But a follower reached out and said, we should do this for CEOs. Imagine we got Sam Altman and Zuck and Bezo, little Peter Teal action, maybe the CEO of Northrop Grumman, the entire Walton family. So yes, I'm actively making this playing card set. 52 CEOs. I have a list, but if anyone has someone exceptional that they want to toss the name in the ring, let me know.


I am making that this weekend. I might push a little bit, but it's gonna be up for pre-order in like the next couple days. So look out and help me. It's the holiday season, guys. Come on man. I, I simply don't approve of vigilante justice, but I'm gonna tell you something James Har, it's all fun and games until you are the target, until all these CEOs see that guy James Har is putting our lives in danger. Now you the target of some of the most powerful people in the country. So you have made these CEOs most wanted on a card game they can make you most wanted in real life and deservingly. So you earned it. I don't know why you folks be letting social media gash all up. Okay? Whatever the popular trending opinion is on social media, people run with it regardless of how ridiculous, stupid, or inhumane that opinion is.


And James Har is following the social media crowd, okay? Looking at these people who are cheering for the deaf, his CEO. And so he decided to capitalize off Brian Thompson's death, which is hilariously ironic because if you go to James Hart's social accounts, they are loaded with anti-capitalism posts and images, including one read. The CEO must die. Yet, James, you are currently acting like the CEO's you claim to hate. You are using a person's death to make a profit. Simple as that. One of the comments says, does it include addresses? That's what one commenter asked underneath the post. Another commenter said, we need good cards for good guys. We need cards for good guys like Luigi.


This to me is the epitome of the quote. Matching energy is why everyone is miserable. You don't mirror other people's negative energy. When you mirror negative energy from others, all you do is perpetuate a cycle of negativity and that just leads to widespread unhappiness. And that's exactly where we are right now. Everybody is unhappy, everybody is miserable and misery loves Twitter. Can you imagine sitting around wanting to see someone get killed, wanting to see someone execute, executed? Yes, these CEOs greedy. Yes, these CEOs care about profit over people. Yes, healthcare should be free in this country. People shouldn't die simply because they don't have the money to pay for health insurance. But taking out the CEOs of these companies is not gonna change the system.


See, these people can afford security. I read something recently that said private security firms that have provided services for Fortune 500 companies, their phone lines are flooded. These people can afford to protect themselves. You all can't. So keep getting in line, keep getting line calling for the deaf of these people. When the lawsuits start piling up, when the arrest start happening and you getting locked up for terroristic threats, don't cry. Don't cry because you earned it. Now James Hard was reached by the New York Post via Instagram on Sunday evening, and he said that the deck of cards called the most wanted CEO cards is not a Call of violence. He said, And I quote, I'm not suggesting anyone should cause any physical harm to anyone, but I do want people to know who is making their life harder, who is stealing from them?


Who is deciding that a couple more percentage points of profit is worth more than the life of your loved ones. James, you do know your cards have names, faces, and they are decorated with illustrations of gun range targets, right? See, you're contradicting yourself already because you're lying because now that the heat is on you, you're trying to pivot. You said the cards were inspired by the most wanted Iraqi playing cards that were distributed to us and coalition force forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, they made those cards to help identify key targets in Saddam Hussein Circle to help soldiers find them and do what they needed to do. But you, James say, this isn't a call to violence against CEOs. Okay, look man, I want more empathy from CEOs.


I want compassionate capitalism. Things like healthcare should be free, but I don't wanna kill anyone to make that happen. Nobody should be killed to make that happen. I don't wish for other people's misfortune. I wish for the wellbeing of all because what's on your mind either contamination mind or heals it And boy, oh boy, so many of y'all are sick right now. Please give James Har the biggest. He haw. Y'all losing your mind, man. All right. And I And I mix the whole world blind guys. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club,


the holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusions. Apply.