
I'm a good lawyer. And. I Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose


His series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster Starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm Not gonna stop. I think I love it. Loving. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan and usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide hence traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Every day. We are driven to get the facts, find the sources, listen to the voices, and tell the stories that illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on, subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart.


Tired of wandering the aisles at Walgreens trying to find the best deals. Well, we've got something that'll make your shopping experience a whole lot sweeter. Introducing Drop the app that rewards you with free gift cards just for doing your everyday shopping. Whether it's groceries, toiletries, or your favorite snacks with drop every purchase earns you points towards fantastic rewards. Download the Drop app now. Use code drop five five when you sign up to get $5 in points.


Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single CHASIN featuring Megan Trainor out today For you. Now I'm saying goodbye because I'm done chasing you. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to chase him from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Say it again y'all. I'm a DONKEY. You're a DONKEY DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY today for Tuesday, August 13th goes DeVera Liddell Na Vera is a school district official in Chicago who was recently given a nine year jail sentence after pleading guilty is stealing $1.5 million worth of You know what? Let's go to Fox 26 Houston for the report please. Chasing Chicken Wing Dreams during the pandemic was a mission. Vera Liddell in Chicago was on and the slick ass senior citizen had no chill. Prosecutors say the Harvey School District food service manager stood on business.


She ordered over 11,000 cases of chicken wings that never touched the longing lips of any students. The total loss to the damn district was $1.5 million. So the question is, what did the looting lunch lady do with the wandering wings? Vera Liddell was arrested and faces felony charges now for now she's booked in the Cook County Jail where she will get three hots in a cot, but not likely any of those damn chicken wings. Who is that on Fox 26 with all that amazing alliteration? He say, damn. He said Damn wings. Did he drop on the closed bone for whoever that was? Find me that person's name stood on business.


Wow. Vera. This is the biggest of big activities since big backs have been doing big activities. Okay, we all know inflation has been bad, but when did chicken wings start costing more than a small country's GDP 1.5 million? Paris stole $1.5 million in chicken wings during the pandemic. All these wings that were meant for children doing remote learning but who were still picking up school meals, right? All these kids were doing remote learning, but they were still picking up school meals. So all the chicken wings were for them. Barry Lidell stole 'em all. Okay. Barry Lidell stole enough chicken wings to last through a thousand Rock Nation Super Bowl. Halftime shows. Lemme tell you something, man. Whether it's Governor Tim Walls in Minnesota, or Governor Josh Perel in Pennsylvania.


If, you have some type of universal food program. Breakfast, lunch, whatever it is. I salute you. Okay? I am an ambassador for the food bank in Harlem. They provide groceries and free meals for people. I salute the work they do. If. you wanna support, go to food bank n yc.org. The city of Charleston, South Carolina Hope Center, they provide food assistance for the homeless in Charleston, South Carolina. Hell, this weekend, this Saturday, I'm doing my ninth annual book bag driving school supply giveaway in most corner South Carolina at the Berkeley High School student parking lot. From 10 to one we got free fried fish plates. And I got the Minimart Caribbean Grocery and Cuisine. Cuisine. They gonna have a food truck out there providing free Jamaican food. Okay? The moral of the story is my point is the hood gotta eat, man.


All right, folks is out here starving and some of us are trying to do our best to make sure they eat. So to me, Bera, what you did is diabolical. You was literally taking food out of the mouths of babies. All right? These chicken wings were for take home meals for students learning remotely. During the pandemic, the school district was providing meals for the students that their families could pick up. Drop on the clues, bombs for Harvey School District 1 52 near Chicago. These the kind of stories that I like to hear about. All right? Take a burden off people, folks out here hurting, put some food in some folks' stomach. I love it. Vera, you 68 years old, that's what you're supposed to be doing. Putting food in kids' stomachs. You're supposed to be big mama.


What happened to the big mamas that used to make sure everybody ate okay? Vera? 11,000 cases of chicken wings. You must have sold those to Harold's for the low. Alright, come on now. One of these fried chicken places that Chicago came up. Who was it? Chicago's home. McChicken and waffles. Uncle Rema saucy fried chicken vera. You didn't do this without a plan. You don't just steal 11,000 cases of chicken wings, $1.5 million in chicken wings. Wow. And not have a place to sell them. Clearly you don't believe in snitching. Okay? But you 68 and you got nine years, that mean you about to be in prison until you 77. Lord have mercy. Those wings you stole aren't the only thing that's fried because there is no way in hell I would wanna spend my golden years behind bars.


I did some research and by research, I mean chat, GPT, And, I did some Googles. The question I asked was, what should you be doing in your seventies? Here are some things they said. Staying active. Hmm? Pursuing hobbies, socializing, traveling. Can't do that in prison. Planning for the future. Well, at least You know where you're gonna be for the next nine years. She could socialize in prison, not the way she probably want to. The moral of the story is nowhere on this list did it say be in prison. Okay? When you're 70 plus, you should be taking the time to enjoy the fruits of your labor and the relationships you've built over the years. If them, people still alive, but no Vera, you want to steal chicken wings from the kids. At what point do we realize there is no right way to do the wrong thing?


I don't care what age you are, If. you can spend time, energy, and brain power playing schemes like this, stealing 11,000 in chicken wings, $1.5 million in chicken wings, If. you can work for the school district, learn how things are working internally, and then come up with the idea to successfully order and steal this much chicken wings. Then you can truly do any damn thing you put your mind to. I believe in you, even If, you don't believe in yourself. Please give Vera Liddell the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY of the day of the day.


I just, I just felt a big shadow cast over me. What happened? Did you play WWI hit a wob. Wob music, big Wob wobble music. The president of the Fat Lives Matter committee, who's actually slimming down. Yeah, well no, it's the animals, Lauren, but I was in the bathroom. And I. Heard you talking about chicken. So I came out here just to let You know to put some insight, okay? Because I first have some experience in this firsthand, okay? When I worked at Burger King, I used to order extra cookies 'cause they never used to really make as many cookies as they said. And. I used to order the boxes extra and then I would steal the boxes and take it home. And we used to sell 'em to the little You. know the little, the mom and pop type of spots that have bakeries and shit.


We used to sell 'em cookie dough to today. We can't curse. You just Curse. Oh, Mac you curse. Well, here's the thing. I wouldn't have no problem with that If. you actually just gave the cookies away to the kids. If. you did that and gave them away, but the fact you were selling them to the kids, To not to the kids, to the mom and pops that had bakeries that You know they would sell stuff like that. I'd be like, yo, you want some cookie though? We got some top of the line, high grade cookie dough stuff for some reason and we were buying boxes and stuff. For some reason, I don't believe your cookies Made it To the shops. I believe that too. Some Of them did. I don't why 1000%. I promise you about if we would do like we do like five boxes a week, I promise you three and a half would make it is the statute of limitations up. Okay? You still three and half is get arrested for this since you just, oh, is that you just need yourself. I can't.


I can't get jammed up for that. Right? I'm sure you can. I'm sure you can. Hell don't know what Burger King it was though. What state? I'm see you trying to get me jammed. No. Hey, you Was about to say it too. I almost did too, but no, no, no. I, I You know what? Nevermind my bad, y'all okay? Allegedly, allegedly. Moral of the story. You hear that hair brand scheme Matt came up with? I'm glad you started using that energy to be more creative and become a comedian and write jokes You. know what I mean? You did something with that. Okay. If, you can come up with hair brainin schemes like that to steal. You can do anything True, but that's You. know what I mean? That's right. Now when's the last time you stole? When's the last time you stole food? Food? Or in general?


Buy back. Have a good day, sir. Yo, Jesus Christ. Oh, Oh my God. Alright Vera, bless God bless Vera though. All well, thank you for that DONKEY Today. Vera might be the first color in the history of color to order 11,000 piece All Flats on tv. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chasin featuring Megan Trainer out today Saying, I'm done.


You. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chas him for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


I'm Victoria Cash And I Wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin, so go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply Low doubt Us. Visit Modo. Do us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing Live blackjack, roulette and Casino Holden. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today@mmo.us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply to website details. Hello, go us.


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information always secure Cargo


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.