
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. C Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Cam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition, it's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S note and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there now.


I've been called a lot of my 23 years, but DONKEY of the Day is a new one. DONKEY, today for Friday, August 23rd goes to 36-year-old Joshua Kim, okay, Joshua. Hells from close to my neck of the woods, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, dropping a close. Bumps from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Haven't been there in a minute, but that's some amazing time there. Amazing time there growing up. Now, something your Uncle Charlotte tells you constantly is that our sole purpose in life is to avoid crazy, okay? We all wake up every day wanting to protect our minds, wanting to protect our bodies, and one way to do that is to avoid crazy at all costs. Okay? Very hard task to do sometimes, okay? Because you simply don't know who's crazy, okay?


It's just very hard to do because you simply don't know who's crazy. That's why minding your business is very important, but sometimes crazy finds you. And that's what happened to the employees of the Sugar Life Ice Cream and Candy Bar store in Myrtle Beach. See, Joshua Kim is a 36-year-old grown ass man who clearly likes sweets, okay? Drop on the clues bombs for all the diabetics out there. Come on. I went on Sugar Life ice cream and candy bar store's website, and they have menu items like giant gummy pickles, okay? Envy could swallow that without chewing it. All right? They got scrambled gummy Sizzler, okay? Those candies look like scrambled eggs. They got warheads, blue raspberry soda warheads, I, I didn't even know they warheads had soda, green apple warhead soda.


I never seen that. They sell candy in bulk. They got gummy beds and blow pops. They got the Lunchables, but candy, they got candy tacos, all types of stuff. And Joshua Kim decided to go in this store and make a purchase. Well, he must not have liked what he bought because he decided to take it back. But what he didn't account for was the store's no return policy on candy. I mean, it's right there. They tell you during the checkout process, but Joshua Kim wasn't going for it. Let's go to W-N-B-F-T-V for the report. Police Myrtle Beach Police arrested 36-year-old Joshua Kim Thursday, shortly after they say he pulled out a gun on several employees here at the Sugar Life Ice Cream and Candy Bar along South Kings Highway.


Officers say the scary encounter happened when Kim got into an argument while trying to return candy. Something the store does not allow. Management here at Sugar Life says the threats also unfolded in front of a crowd of visitors, not just putting employees in danger, but young children as well. When officers search Kim's car, a report shows they found cocaine and weed inside where show Kim is now being held under a bond of more than $750,000 and is facing a slew of charges like pointing and presenting a gun reporting in Myrtle Beach. Ashley Strom, W nm BF News. I feel like, I feel like this could be an online Snickers commercial like Joshua Kim, right?


Hear me out. Joshua Kim, you see him, it pops up. Boom. Joshua Kim, but it's actually Joshua Kim Jong-un supreme leader in North Korea and You know it's him walking into a candy store and he got everybody up against the wall at gunpoint, threatening to blow chunks of their brain out if they don't do what he wants. And then he eats the Snickers and turns back into his regular self. Because we all know you're not yourself when you're hungry, right? This is what I be talking about, man. This is what I be talking about when I say every day of our lives. We have to avoid crazy, okay? All they was doing in this candy store was their job selling shower patch, kids selling gummy popsicles and here comes this mess terrorists, Joshua Kim Jong-un pulling out pistols because he wants a refund on some live zoo eyeball gummies. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I personally don't believe that is a reason to pull a pistol on someone just because you want a refund on some damn candy, okay?


I could even understand more if he was poor and was robbing the candy store. That is what I would call a sweet lick. But being upset that they won't refund whatever candy you bought is exactly the reason my phone goes on do not disturb at 9:00 PM every night for the last 15 years of my life. Because I do not, and will not talk to n words of any race after a certain time. Now, when I hear stories like this, I have to have a reason for the crazy, right? Like I don't wanna believe that humans' brains simply just work like this. So I liked in the news report when we heard that police searched the truck that belonged to Joshua, Kim Jong-Un. By the way, a truck that they said was leaving the scene was seen leaving the scene of another related incident. So what y'all just go around doing, drive-bys on candy stores?


Y'all just go around traumatizing these employees that work at the candy stores. I was if, if it made me feel good to know that they found oh 0.41 grams of another kind of candy and that candy was cocaine, okay? They also found some weed, so he might've been smoking wools. Wool was when you put the weed in the blunt, sprinkle some cocaine on top of it and enjoy one of the best highs of your life. Okay? I am 46 years old. Your Uncle Charla has lived, okay? I smoked one of those dirty blunts on accident once when I was a young lad and damn near my whole life I've been waiting to smoke one on accident again. Now Joshua Kim Jong-Un's baby mama had something to say. Let's listen to her. All I could do was thank God, like thank God that my son was not there.


'cause I don't know what I would've done. While Sugar Life staff continue to recover from the tent situation. George says she hopes Kim will get the help he needs behind bars, Not okay like that. He so honestly, the best place for him is to be in jail. You know maybe he can get his mind right, he can sober up and do something for his life. So my son can't have a father. Mm Marla the story is Joshua Kim is nuts outta his damn mind. Y'all heard his baby mama Listen to his baby mama. His baby mama wants him to get some help. When your baby mama said jail is probably the best thing for you, that means you probably need some intent psychotherapy and some help with your substance abuse issues because now you got drug charges to counter pointing and presenting firearm at a person and unlawful conduct toward a child.


Some DONKEY of the days justelle themselves. Please give Joshua Kim the sweet sounds of the hammer tones. DONKEY the day. Heehaw, All drugs are tied also. Go ahead. Oh, go ahead. You not bad of a person you gotta be to, to pull out a gun in a candy store. Yeah, them stores smell good. They make you feel good. They make you, that's right. Them people be so nice. It's like somebody pulling out a gun at Chick-fil-A like it's just, And the poor employees, they ain't even know what's going on.


Do we play the employees talking? You ain't play that right, do we? You should have played the employees talking play. Damn, we don't got that damn, nevermind what they say. Damn. Don't worry about it. Yeah, I'm surprised Mac ain't walk when he talking about all that food. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY of the Day. And also too You know Matt Said he wanted to, he tired from the DNC. They need to make the DNCA day party. Mm. Mac wasn't at the DNC? No, but we were up cutting stuff. Oh, watching and getting things ready. Yeah. Also, I don't like when baby mamas talk like that about their baby daddies. Okay. You know who you let shoot your club up. Oh, daddy should be in jail. That's the same person. That was the same that that man should have been in jail when he shot your club up. I saw the little baby. The little baby ain't nothing but maybe one years old. Yeah, that man was crazy a year ago. And you knew that. Right? But now, now, now, now all of a sudden You know, you think jail is the best thing for him?


Wasn't the best thing for him when y'all was sweating on each other. You know what You know who you let hit raw. All shots matter. He's right. Like What was that noise he was making? Alright, alright, alright. He's been in this trip. Yeah. I don't know if I'm supposed to say that. Nevermind. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for that DONKEY today. Now Charlemagne was at the DNC the last couple of days and you got a chance to chop it up with a a, a bunch of different people, right? Yeah. I was out there with my good sister, Angela Rye and Tiffany Cross and Andrew Gillum You know the host of the Native Land podcast and we spoke to a lot of people over the last couple of days. They were there all week. I was just there Wednesday and Thursday. But when we come back, we're gonna play our conversation that we had with my man, Ellie Misel. Ellie Misel is amazing.


You know, I, I've been quoting this article that he wrote in the Nation about the Supreme Court and how you can't overstate the damage that they have done and we'll continue to do so. We're, we are gonna talk to him, but also Governor Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania You know he's been on Breakfast Club before. He was, he was right there to be the, the VP pick, but You know it, it didn't happen. So we gonna talk to Governor Josh Shapiro when we come back. Alright, We'll do that when we come back. Don't move us. The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. DONKEY today is brought to you by the law office of Michael s layoff. Don't be a DONKEY pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull. Wake that ass up early in the morning.


The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the funk,


To the teacher's assistants and support staff who see potential in every child. Grand Canyon University recognizes you. We created the National Center for Teacher Preparation at GCU along with a generous scholarship so you can become a licensed teacher with paid benefits. Over 100 GCU alumni have been recognized Award recipients, including superintendent, administrator, and teacher of the year. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University. Private, Christian, affordable. Visit gcu.edu/parapro.