
This message comes from better help. Can you think of a time when you didn't feel like you could be yourself like you were hiding behind a mask at work in social settings around your family? Better Help. Online Therapy is convenient, flexible, and can help you learn to be your authentic self so you can stop hiding. Because masks should be for Halloween fun, not for your emotions. Take off the Mask with Better Help. Visit better help.com today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day, so if you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY man, did she get DONKEY the name? Please tell. Absolutely. I had become DONKEY of the Day. The Breakfast Club Bitches we're DONKEY DONKEY. Today for Wednesday, October 30th, goes to an Alabama man named Arthur Ray Hansen the second. He's from Huntsville, Alabama, and he's been sentenced to two years in prison because of Donald Trump. You can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to Atlanta News first for the report, please. A federal grand jury has indicted Arthur Ray Hansen, a 59-year-old from Huntsville, Alabama on charges of transmitting interstate threats of violence against Fulton County District Attorney Fannie Willis and Fulton County Sheriff Pat Labatt, all because of their connections to the racketeering case against former President Donald Trump.


According to the US Attorney's office, Hansen called the Fulton County Government Customer Services line twice on August 6th and left two voicemails. Prosecutors say in his message for the Sheriff Hansen said, in part, I'm warning you right now before you expletive up your life and get hurt real bad. Whether you got an expletive badge or not ain't gonna help you. None. Prosecutors say in Hansen's message for the district attorney, he said, in part, I would be very afraid if I were you, because you can't be around people all the time that are going to protect you. There's gonna be moments when you're gonna be vulnerable, Play stupid games, you win stupid prizes. Let's go back there.


Atlanta News first to see what he got for playing on Fannie Mae Willis for Who threatened Fulton County District Attorney Fannie Willis'. Life is going to prison. A federal judge just sentenced Arthur Ray Hansen to 21 months in prison. He left Willis threatening phone messages related to the Fulton County investigation into the allegations that former president Donald Trump interfered with Georgia's 2020 presidential election. Now, we talked to Willis after she learned about Hansen's sentence. I'm happy to see him take responsibility for his actions. Hansen also threatened Fulton County Sheriff Pat Labatt, and he apologized to both of them prior to his sentencing.


You know, I want to use this as a teachable moment for all Trump supporters. Donald ain't dying for you, bro. I I, I don't know what makes you all want to crash out for him the way you do, the way you have. I guess that's what happens when you are a cult member. Let's be clear, MAGA is a cult and Maga loves to say someone is suffering from Trump derangement syndrome. If they simply point out the obvious thing, obvious things Trump has done and the things he says he wants to do, but let's be clear, people like Arthur Ray Hansen are the ones who suffer from Trump derangement syndrome, okay? Those people who storm the cap, the capitol that I like to call vanilla isis, they the ones who suffer from Trump derangement syndrome. Some of y'all fight harder for Trump than you do for your damn self, okay? Trump has resources.


You don't. All right? Think about this. Trump and 18 other people were indicted in Fulton County in August of 2023 over efforts to overturn the 2020 presidential election. That's what Arthur was calling about, okay? They got a recorded phone call from Trump where Trump is asking Georgia's Secretary of State to find more than 11,000 ballots so he could flip the state in his favor. He's on, he's recorded saying this, listen, I just wanna find 11,780 votes, which is one more that we have because we won the state. I only need 11,000 votes, fellas. I need 11,000 votes.


Gimme a break. There's nothing wrong with saying that You know that you've recalculated That got him indicted, and guess what? The case has been indefinitely paused. Okay? They are seeking to push it to 2025 if he can't beat the charges altogether. My point is, Arthur, you saw jail before Donald Trump did. Okay? See, what some of y'all Trump disciples don't understand is you don't have the privilege that Donald Trump has. Trump has something greater than white privilege. I never seen anything like it. Trump never has to deal with the consequences of his actions at all, but his supporters always have to deal with the consequences of his actions. What's funny about this case is when the FBI traced the call back, the Hansen cell phone, when the agents asked him about the calls, he initially denied making them and said he didn't even know who Fannie Mae Willis, or who Sheriff Pat Labatt was.


Okay? Lemme tell you something, Arthur, that only works for Trump, okay? Trump can say it and said he didn't say it. He can do it, said he didn't do it. Okay? He could have a comedian perform at his rally, make a bunch of bigoted jokes towards various communities, and deny he even knows who the comedian is, and people will believe him. Unfortunately, for you, Arthur, whatever level of privilege Trump has, it's not like Starbucks wifi because it cannot be shared, all right? You can't play dumb and act like you don't know what's going on. Only Trump can do that. Listen, the moral of the story is don't go harder for others than they do for you Trump supporters, listen to me. Don't invest more effort our energy into a relationship, our situation, than the other person is willing to put in.


I guess what I'm trying to say is stop being Trump's bottom bitch. Please let Chelsea Handler give Arthur Ray Hansen the biggest hee-haw. He haw Hee-haw. That is way too much Dane mayonnaise. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club.


You may not realize it, but every minute of every day you're enjoying your First Amendment freedoms. You can wear what you want. Give out your opinion for free, even if it's unpopular. Listen to your playlist. You can put a sign out on your front lawn that says, vote for Bigfoot, someone you can believe in. Pray to the God of your choice. Or don't you have the right to hang with a posse that thinks like you do. Tell the government what you think about its policies. They're the freedoms that let you be you, and they're all brought to you by the First Amendment. Freedom in my soul. Learn more@freedomforum.org.