
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These Guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too Popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome To the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator. And, I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I wanna help you wake up And. I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino show every Wednesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The something different about the conversations we have late at night, they often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations were with some of the biggest musicians in The World, midnight Chances has already welcomed Tame Imp parlor, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, Finn, staples, and many more. Join me, Stuart Stubbs and me, Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany, Christina, Shirley Bassi. Tina Madonna Ion. Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. Bruce Springsteen. This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is Listen to because the bus belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


DONKEY. Say it again. Charlamagne. DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY. DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. DONKEY today for Thursday, August 15th goes to 36th District Court Judge Ken of King. Okay, judge King, the levels of disappointment I have for you this morning. Okay? You My brother, my brother, my brother. I just don't understand humans, okay? I don't understand humans like I believe. I understand humans, okay? One thing that therapy has taught me over the years is to always put yourself in other people's shoes. You have to attempt always to see other humans as you see yourself. You have to attempt to see other humans as you see people you love.


So I have a 16-year-old daughter, so naturally, if I see something happen to a 16-year-old, especially a 16-year-old girl, I'm like, damn, why would he handle a 16-year-old girl like that? And that is exactly what my mind is in regards to Judge Ken of King. Judge, why would you do what you did to this 16-year-old teenage girl? I know you're sitting there saying to yourself, well, Charlemagne, what did he do? Well, let's go to ABC seven for the report. Please. One Thing you'll learn about my courtroom is that I'm not a toy. I'm not gonna be played with. What started out as an informational field trip with the Greening of Detroit nonprofit Tuesday to the 36th District Court in front of Judge King quickly turned into Judge King, getting visibly agitated over a sleeping student in his courtroom.


Punk, you Fall asleep in my courtroom. One more time. I'm putting you in the back. Understood. Judge King had her removed from the courtroom, but he told me that didn't fix her quote attitude, and that's when he pulled out the jail uniform and handcuffs. King says he was trying to teach the teenager a lesson on behavior and respect in court. I haven't been disrespected like that in a very long time, Man. He then threatened the girl with jail time. I'm gonna go sleep tonight while you're sitting in the juvenile detention facility. Was I really gonna do that? Probably not. Could I have Probably. So the nonprofit running the field trip tells me in a statement quote, although the judge was trying to teach a lesson of respect, his methods were unacceptable.


The young lady was traumatized by the judge's unnecessary disciplinary treatment and scolding Judge Kenneth King, are you serious? A 16-year-old girl is on a field trip. She keeps falling asleep on the field trip and you decide to do an impromptu hearing for her because of her attitude and constant sleeping on the trip. You told that 16-year-old girl If, you fall asleep in my courtroom. One more time, I'm gonna put you in the back. I am not to be played with what? An ego driven statement. Judge King, you are a leader and there are three rules of leadership. The first rule of leadership is put your mission above your ego. What were you trying to get across to these kids on this field trip? What was your intention? What was the mission? Because it sounds to me like you was just flexing. You was just trying to showcase your author tie, okay? You wanted them to respect you, but clearly you not able to garner respect without that robe, that gavel in that bench, okay?


You not to be played with. No. You played yourself because I told you the first rule of leadership, okay? The second rule of leadership is If. you don't care about your people. They won't care about your mission. You didn't care about that little girl. You don't know why she kept falling asleep, right? You have no idea. She might be 16 with a couple of younger siblings and has to stay up all night watching them because her single mother, her single mom is at work and can't afford a babysitter. Hell, she might be sick and on some type of medication and the medication might be making her drowsy. I don't know. My point is, judge, you didn't even bother to find out. You didn't care. You just got offended because she kept falling asleep in the courtroom and you wanted to show her you nothing to play with. Why not ask her, why you so tired?


You seem exhausted, young lady. What's going on? Have a conversation. See what's going on in the young woman's life, judge. And guess what? Judge? Kenneth King. The third rule of leadership is if I have to tell you the first two rule of leadership, then guess what? You're not ready to lead yet. Okay? I know you've been a judge in that court since 2006, but I'm calling that whole 10 tenure in the question, okay? First of all, you suggested this young lady needed to be behind bars for what? Why? Falling asleep in the courtroom is not a crime. You traumatized this young girl simply because she was exhausted. If her daddy catches you in the street and wants to fade, you earn that. If her daddy and his brothers and cousins catch you in the street and jump you, then you earn that because there's no way in hell that 16-year-old girl should be threatened with handcuffs in a jail uniform, all because of your ego.


You was trying to teach a lesson of respect and ended up showing us why you don't deserve any If. you thought the kid was being dis disrespectful. Simply ask them to leave your court. Instead, you decided to talk to him like this. Let me hear more. Red, you Fall. You fall asleep in my courtroom one more time and putting you in the back. Understood. You don't care. Soon as we bring prisoner out, she can step back there. You got a uniform for her too. What made you think you could go to sleep in court? And then when I asked you about it, you fall asleep again. Then I try to wake you up and you like you don't care. I don't care either. I have no problem 'cause I'm gonna go to sleep tonight. While you're sitting in the juvenile detention facility. What makes you think you can talk to my child like that?


Then he had the nerve to say to the Detroit Free press, I wasn't trying to punish the young lady and he was also traumatized by the hearing. How the hell were you traumatized by the hearing? You not a victim here. You had zero empathy for this young lady and for whatever reason, your fragile ego was bruised because this young lady kept falling asleep in the courtroom. So you decided to threaten her with handcuff handcuffs and jail clothes. Man, everybody involved in this situation needs to be disciplined. The judge, the officers who went along with this nonsense, all of y'all need to be disciplined in some way, shape, or form, suspended without pay. This is an abuse of power. Her parents should be able to sue and this young girl should be compensated for her pain and suffering.


Judge Kenneth King said he wanted this to be a deterrent. A deterrent from what? What was she doing wrong? Being tired. It's a field trip. The judge said, I wasn't trying to punish the young lady, but you did. You wanted to show her. This is not a joke. What is not a joke? It's almost like your feelings were hurt because these kids weren't excited to be in a courtroom. They weren't excited to meet the honorable judge Ken of King. Nothing honorable about your actions, king. Then you got the nerve to reach out to the girl's family and offer to mentor her. Talking about you trying to get through to her fool. You still don't even know why she's tired. Why would I want you as a mentor after you abused your power and threatened to put my daughter in handcuffs and jail clothes because she fell asleep in your courtroom on a field trip?


Man, somebody threw the brakes off these people. You done traumatized this girl. We don't even know what else she dealing with, but whatever it is, you made it worse because you abused your power and that's why you need to be taken off the bench for a little while. So you no longer have the power to abuse everything Judge King said, should happen to this young girl, needs to happen to him. How do we deter Judge King from doing this to other people? How do we discipline Judge King so he knows? Doing this to people's kids is not a joke. Let's discuss. In the meantime, please let Remy ma give Judge Kenneth King the biggest. He haw Heehaw Heehaw. You Stupid mother. Are you dumb? Humans are crazy. But let's, Let's open up the phone lines. Let's go to Breakfast Club court. Yeah.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? And? I, all this young lady did when she was 16, she fell asleep, Fell asleep a few times and clearly, clearly You know she's exhausted. If she fell asleep, they woke her up and she fell asleep again. Right? Like judge, when you dealing With kids, you need to have a car. I think that's the biggest thing that people don't do right with kids. You gotta have conversation with. That's right. Find out what's wrong. That's Right. That's, that's the main thing. And let's, we ain't gonna talk about falling asleep like we've all fell asleep at places that we shouldn't be falling asleep. Mac falls asleep up here. I fell asleep in a club before you fell asleep many a times before. Well, Mac Is 400 pounds, so you probably got sleep apnea, but once again, you don't know what people are going to. That's right's. What I'm saying. You don't know what people are going through. You gonna be mad at back You. know what I'm saying? No. He told us earlier that he gets mistaken for LeBron James.


He that's a lie. That's what he said. Then He also said he got, that's Why I call him him. Burger King mistaken for the game too. That's he's not, he's too big to beat the game. He's a whole league. They Said it's when the game fell off. Damn. My, my my my point is we don't know why this young lady fell asleep, right? Correct. And I also want to know what should happen to the judge. The judge, you can't not tell me that There should not be consequences of repercussions for this. Well, Let's discuss. (800) 585-1051. Get on the phone lines right now. You ain't No king judge. It's The Breakfast Club Morning


PenFed of King DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Guess what will, what's that? Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the illuminati of cheese, so I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Lia. I'm Maria Tramar. And I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from poisoners to stalkers, art thieves, to snake oil salesmen, And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator. And, I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I want to help you wake up And I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino show. Every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


From. iHeartPodcasts comes, does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Avante instead, Featuring the star-studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


I wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business. Then Butters is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL, and on butters we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. Butters will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. Listen to Butters on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.