
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


peace To the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne, the God and Summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount plus with Showtime plan.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Your execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go for me to read. Need they Gave me DONKEY of the day And I deserve it. People need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only one charlamagne above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to N Yes DONKEY today for Wednesday, May 21st goes to 33-year-old Zachary Jordan alum. Now Jack Zachary is a J Sixr. Okay, you know who the J Sixers are, right? They have other names for those domestic terrorists. Vanilla, isis, al Cracker, just to name a couple.


But the J sixes are the individuals who participated in the insurrection of the United States Capitol on January 6th, 2021. Okay? Zachary was one of those people and he was also issued a pardon for his role in the January 6th Riot. Okay? Remember, president Trump issued full communications and pardons to those indicted and are sentenced in relation to the attack on the US Capitol. Okay? But just like several other individuals who Donald Trump, pardon? For their actions on January 6th, Zachary has found himself back in jail. Let's go to CCBs nine WUSA for the report please. Six. The Capitol Rioter from Northern Virginia who was released from prison after receiving a pardon from President Trump. Well, he's now back behind bars. Police arrested 33-year-old Zachary Allen last Friday night.


They say he allegedly broke into a home in Henrico County just outside of Richmond and stole personal belongings. Allen was previously sentenced to eight years for assaulting officers and smashing that same window. Ashley Babbitt tried to climb through back on January 6th. We spoke with him back in December from behind bars and he told us he was quote, demanding a pardon from President Trump. When asked would he do if he got out? Aam said quote, that's just for me to know and you to find out. AAM is now being held at the Henrico County Regional Jail West. Keep him. Okay? Trump's January 6th. Pardons are like expired coupons, useless and bound to cause trouble at checkout. Okay? You know, for most people, if someone is gracious enough to give you a second chance, then you won't need a third.


Zachary got a pardon and then went and broke into a house after you broke into the capitol and assaulted police officers. That's not a redemption arc. That's more like a sequel nobody asked for, okay? The reality is people like Zachary are empowered and embolden because they got away with something like an attempted co of this country. And because they have President Trump in the office, they feel like the law doesn't apply to them. Okay? That's why consequences. The actions are very important because they teach you that you can't just do things in this country. Okay? This man, Zachary clearly didn't get enough of prison because if he did, you know, if he did or would've gotten that real prison experience, okay, well, he had to do that time. I don't think he would just be breaking into houses, okay?


But this is also the same guy who assaulted a police officer at the Capitol. So he really doesn't give a damn about the law. Okay? I remember when Trump's team said, where only pardoning the best people, turns out best was short for best at re-offending, okay? Trump was considering giving compensation to the the J sixes, and Zachary was one of those ones who demanded a full pardon with compensation. I wouldn't be surprised if there was people who used this as an example, as the why the j Sixes should receive compensation. Because they will say, you know, people like Zachary can't find a job being incarcerated with a stain on his record. So he had to resort to crime. Now you know how so many black people in the hood feel every day?


Okay, welcome to our world. Okay? Hey, I can see right wing outlets right now saying, Zachary just breaking into things like the Capitol and homes because it's a good networking strategy, okay? A way for him to meet people. What a slap in the face to the MAGA movement. Okay? What a slap in the face to President Donald J. Trump. I'm on record as saying that everyone around Trump should be trying to prove people wrong. Okay? Don't be the thing folks said you were going to be while you were campaigning. Folks said Trump's economic policies, the tariffs could cost people jobs and ruin the economy. So far so good on that one.


We said Trump was going to implement Project 2025, an authoritarian rule and ignore the Constitution. Check on that one. Folks said that j sixes deserved to be in jail. A lot of them already had criminal records. And if you stormed the capitol and assaulted law enforcement, then you don't give a damn about this country ought to rule a law. And Zachary, here you go, proving them folks right too. And it's not just Zachary, at least eight individuals who are pardoned by President Trump have faced new criminal charges are legal issues, okay? Pardoned by President Trump for J six, okay? Have faced new criminal charges or legal issues. You don't care about your president. If you did, you wouldn't be making them look bad, okay? This is also a very teachable moment.


'cause in life, eventually you will always end up where you need to be with who you're meant to be with in doing what you should be doing. Okay? Zachary and a lot of J sixes need to be in prison with other prisoners doing time, okay? Henry La Henry Rollins once said, you'll end up right where you're supposed to be. Okay? Don't be surprised when you get there, Zachary. I hope you not surprised, okay? Henry's quote continues. Everything you did was a step in that direction. There is no such thing as bad luck. Zachary, you earned your arrest on January 6th and you earned your arrest. Now, please let Remy ma give Zachary alum the biggest hee-haw. Hee-haw.


Hee-haw. You stupid mother, are you dumb? Hey, all right, well, thank you for that DONKEY Today. Yes indeed. Now when we come back, Mikey Sherell will be joining us. She's running congresswoman, governor of New New Jersey. So we Come back in the In the polls. Yeah, She's leading in the polls. So we gonna talk to Mikey when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


When things get intense stress, sweat can't be far behind. So let Dove Men Plus Care and a Purse Sprint help you stay calm when life gets a little uncomfortable, like when you're sitting in the front row and an insult comic starts work in the crowd. All you can do is smile and laugh along with the comedian Dove Men Plus Care and a Purse Sprint help tackle stress, sweat, and odor causing bacteria so you can get comfortable with the uncomfortable fight back against stress, sweat with Dove Men Plus Care and a Purse Sprint available at Walmart, target and Amazon.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.