
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed, like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead, and I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon, living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right? S CSA is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up A little one of them days is serving up all of our Ives. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it all. Get your tickets now. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Find out more at State Farm dot com. Man, I just wanted know how you came up with the DONKEY because you're, I'm not, what did I don today of DONKEY out here in the street. That is why Charlemagne is here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say anything. Give it to him on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne to God, it is a DONKEY. That was mother. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Tuesday, January 14th, goes to a 53-year-old Florida man named Donald Callaway.


What does Y Shala always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida, and today is no exception. Now Donald is an animal lover. Guys. Okay? Yes. An animal lover. He's getting DONKEY today. Tell everyone at Peter to gather around an animal lover is getting DONKEY today. Today, okay. I'm fully aware of what an animal lover is when I say animal lover Emini here. One of those people who has a fondness for animals and cares for their wellbeing. Okay? Donald is very fond of animals. Some animal lovers may also be concerned with animal rights and the protection of animal species. I don't know if Donald cares about animal rights, but I would assume he does because of the love and fondness. He shows animals. Okay, Peter.


Peter, folks, that's what it's all about, right? The love and fondness of animals. I'm interested to see what Peter thinks of Donald because you know, Peter goes hard for animal rights, but I've never heard of anyone in Peter showing love to animals like Donald does. Okay? I was looking at Peter's position on pets, and Peter said it loves and respects the animal companions who share their homes. Well, Donald loves the animal companions that are all around him, and he shares a lot with them, not just his home. Okay? See, a lot of y'all talk about your love for things, but are you willing to put it all on the line? Okay? Are you willing to put it all on the line for these things you claim to love? Would you die for your love of animals? Would you be willing to give your life for animal rights? Is that too much? Okay, well, are you willing to go to jail for your love of animals?


Because Donald Callaway is in fact ready to go to jail for his love of animals, okay? He loves animals so much that he was willing to take a penitentiary chance for one. Do you want to hear what he went to jail for? Well, I will let a police officer from Florida explain what happened. Let's listen. I've done this job my entire adult life and occasionally you run across something that you go, come on man. That really didn't happen, but it did Emini here. He even admitted it and here's what happened. He said, well, you know, I had just some sexual frustration. It was really stupid. It was a dumb thing to do. Donald Callaway, who's 53 from Lake Wells, admitted that because he was trying to do the wow thing with a horse.


Oh, oh wow. A ma. The mare was 28 years old. She said, NA, we tried to interview the horse. She said, in my 28 years of being a horse, no one's ever done anything like that to me before, And I hope it never happens again. That's right. He tried to engage in inappropriate conduct with a horse, which is clearly against the law right now. He's out to pasture in the county jail. Florida is the most unserious serious place ever. That was an actual police officer from Florida who interviewed the horse he was talking to TMZ, okay? NV four.


Donald was sexually frustrated, so he attempted to have sex with a horse. Lemme give you a little bit more details. First of all, I'm glad the horse was of age. The horse was 28, so it's a grown ass horse, okay? But things were still happening to this horse without the horse's consent. As far as we know. We all watched Mr. Ed growing up as a child. If you were born in the 19 hundreds, maybe this horse could talk, okay? And she was an adult horse that knew what she wanted. Maybe Donald Callaway had the same powers as Dr. Doolittle, and he can understand animals and they can understand him. So the horse whose name was Raven fell for his rib, whatever it was, you know, made Donald pull his penis out and started boxing the one eye champ. Then he started tapping that beef whistle against the horse's nose, and then he attempted to penetrate, said nostrils with his penis.


Yes, he tried to put his penis in the horse's nostrils. Oh no, ladies, I blame y'all. Y'all constantly talking about how you want a man that's hung like a horse. Well, Donald said, damn, I gotta see what that's hitting for. But this was a woman horse that didn't make no sense. Now, a human female body has three perfectly good holes. Then insert your blood sausage in right mouth, booty, giant booty. Okay? If, if it's, if it's a special occasion and a vagina, right? A, a mare grown female horse has the same, wouldn't trust the mouth. Okay, horse got teeth might mistake your bologna point, foot carrot, and you need a ladder to mount that thing from the back unless it's laying down. So I guess that just leaves the nostrils of the horse.


Look, I'm not judging times as hard out here. Maybe Donald has had enough of humans and he's trying to get with the horse because he heard people in relationships with horses have stable relationships. I don't know. I just know that animals, as far as we know, can't give consent, right? As far as we know, no means no. In Donald's case, nos means nos. But when it comes to horses, nay means nay. So please give Donald Callaway the biggest hee-haw Raise race. Come on. Come, come on. He said, come on, come on. He Okay. Some things are obvious, okay? Okay.


This is meth head white. All right. Look at this Guy. Oh my God. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. He looked like he was on a set of shameless. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, he definitely like, he walked off the set of breaking bad too. Ab, absolutely. Jesus Christ. He looked like four different type of cult leaders all into one. Damn. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today, sir. Yeah, that's just crazy though. That's disgusting. Yeah. Nobody putting no penis in. Nobody nostrils in in real Life in the nose though, like, You know what I'm saying. Aw DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club, The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to stay locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football, prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves, or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition, and for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You should probably keep your lights on for no Tales from the shadow.


Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Right, right, an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.