
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company. Damn the Heehaw gig. It's time for DONKEY of the cake. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne who got the DONKEY of today?


Today, well just hilarious. DONKEY Today from Monday December 2nd goes to Arbery Drake Graham. We was on vacation all last week so I didn't get the opportunity to properly give Drake the credit he deserves for being stupid. But if you haven't heard last week frozen moments. LLC AC company managed by Drake filed a petition in the New York Supreme Court accusing UMG and Spotify of engaging in a scheme to ensure Kendrick Lamars not like us, broke through on multiple screaming platforms. According to the petition, Aubrey Graham claimed the label used dishonest tactics to increase the number of listeners for not like us on Spotify and radio stations. He also filed another petition against UMG alleging defamation and claiming that the label could have stopped the release of not like Us, which the rapper said in the document is a song falsely accusing him of being a sex offender.


Let's go to a BC news for the report please. Drake Is filing a petition against Universal Music Group and Spotify accusing the companies of artificially inflating the spread of not like us by Kendrick Lamar in the New York Court filing. Drake alleges UMG and Spotify deceived consumers into believing the song was more popular than it was manipulating the streaming services to make the song go viral. UMG released a statement saying in part the suggestion that UMG would do anything to undermine any of its artists is offensive and untrue. And I told y'all back in May on my Brilliant Idiots podcast, I might have even said it here on Breakfast Club, I don't remember, but I told y'all Drake was gonna file a lawsuit. I told you Drake was going to sue.


He is a multi-billion dollar entity. No multi-billion dollar entity is gonna allow you to call him a pedophile or a sex offender and not take some sort of legal action. But here's the thing. The person who has the real defamation case in this situation is Kendrick's woman because Drake not only said Kendrick was beaten on her, he said that Dave free Kendrick's business partner and friend was the real father, the one of Kendrick's kids. So if you're gonna accuse somebody of defamation, you must first make sure you two aren't guilty of defamation. Okay? Drake saying that Kendrick defamed him is indeed the pot calling the kettle beige. But that's not even why I'm giving him DONKEY of the day, okay? I'm giving him DONKEY of the day because Drake is proving without a shadow of a doubt that he simply doesn't understand culture.


I used to debate with my man glasses. Malone, drop on the cruise bombs for glasses. Malone, you can listen to his no Sealers podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. I used to debate with glasses when he would say things like, Drake isn't hip hop. He would say Drake is not culture. Glasses would actually say Drake is Madonna. He's pop, he's manufactured and You know after this lawsuit. I have to say I agree because Drake doesn't understand how any of this works. Number one, not like us was very popular. Okay? It's still very popular. It was an instant smash. All right? Not like us isn't just a hit record. It's a rare cultural phenomenon. Records like that don't come along too often.


Records like that can't be programmed. I don't care how much money you spend at radio or on playlist, whatever it is. When something is a cultural phenomenon, you can't buy that. Okay? You can't buy culture. Drake not like us, was a cultural identifier for a whole coast. I wouldn't be surprised if California made the state model. They not like us one day. Right now their state motto is Eureka. So they need an upgrade, okay? And they not like us, would absolutely be a better model. But that's what Drake doesn't understand because Drake is absolutely one of the biggest artists in The. World, okay? He has a coat like following, not just the coat, like following. He has some of the most loyal D riders on the planet.


In fact, drop on the clues bombs for Drake's Derides. There are people amongst us who sit on Drake's penis the way Drake was sitting on the CN Tower on the views album cover. Okay? But even with Drake's huge fan base. Don't think for one second whatever the label UMG was doing to promote You know not like us. They were doing the same thing for you your whole career, okay? If one of those disc records you put out would've taken off and been a cultural phenomenon like not like us, the record label would've pushed that too. How would, how would you be clowning Kendrick right now? If Kendrick said You know you Mg, you didn't have to let Drake put that record out accusing me of beating my lady. You didn't have to let Drake put that record out saying my child isn't really mine.


I'm trying to get you to see why you look like a complete and total sucker Drake. Okay? Not to mention once again, you are a huge artist, but don't believe your own hype too much because those same tricks you are accusing UMG of doing but not like us, they have done for you your whole career. There was a time when Drake was on the cover of every playlist on the browser page of Spotify. Okay? They did it with Apple too. I think it was called Scorpion season or something like that. And he took over multiple playlists on the same day. All I'm saying arb it stop acting like you haven't been the beneficiary of record label technology, okay? You being a whole ho simply because you lost, simply because Kendrick Lamar kicked your ass lyrically, mentally, spiritually and emotionally and anybody acting like this is anything more than Drake's feelings being hurt.


You a ho too. A Ovi ho to be exact. Okay? He's fighting the same war that Michael Jackson fought. Drake is taking a stand for the art and the artist, people who are running with that narrative would hold Drake's penis while he pees and shake it for him when he's finished. Okay? Drake has been handling this terribly since not like us dropped. And please, let's keep this in mind. Drake, you're in this position because you tapped out, okay? You chose to tap out after you heard not like us. Kendrick dropped too much tune for your head top, okay? He gave you euphoria 6 1 6 in LA meet the grams and not like us. It was too much for you because you didn't have to tap out after the hard part.


Six, you could've went in the studio and gave us a bop. You the bop guy you could've got with some ghost riders went in the studio and wrote a hit to combat. Not like us, but you chose not to. You tapped out, Kendrick won and he told you to squabble up, not lawyer up, but you chose to get the lawyers because you lost the squabble. Please give Aubrey Drake Graham the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons you Day. You're the dog of the day.


And I'm gonna tell Drake exactly, You know what I've been telling him since the summer. Take a break, go away. Let nostalgia bring you back. People will miss you. You see what j Cole is doing? People don't even care. He tapped outta the rap battle anymore. Hell yeah. You. know what I'm saying? Because he taking folks down memory lane with the audio scripted series he's doing. He got the 10 year anniversary of Forest Hill Drive coming in a couple of weeks. Yeah. Just announced Dreamville Just announced Dreamville Fest like yo people will, nostalgia will bring you back. You have that much history in the game Drake. But right now you need to take a break 'cause this Kendrick tidal wave ain't stopping no time soon. What Was Michael Jackson fighting for?


Oh, they said they were taking Michael Jackson down because he owned all the catalog And stuff. He owned the, he owned half of of So Sony ATV's publishing. Yeah. So they said He owned like damn near half of all the publishing in the music industry. So they said they were taking him down and And You know that I believe though. Yeah, that's the only, That's somebody was touching kids and and touching boys because of that. Yeah, I remember. Oh wow. That's why I remember all that, but okay, then they try to compare to that's compare it to Michael Drake is gonna, all right, well let's open up the phone lines. What's your thoughts? (800) 585-1051. Do you believe this lawsuit is warranted? Now do a lawsuit is not going at Kendrick. It's going at UMG. Oh please. And what he's saying, that's Like shooting up a building knowing Kendrick in there, but saying I wasn't shooting at Kendrick, I was just shooting up the building.


And what he's saying is that he's in renegotiation contract and, and they are trying to pretty much Who I haven't heard him say this is this because this sound like what the ovy holes is saying this like this. This is what it sound like. All you you Drake stands is saying that he's in the middle of negotiation. Negotiation. Believe that he's in re in the middle of negotiation. Are he Sources? I don't know. Allegedly sources say that he's in the, in negotiation of a new contract and that he believes that they're trying to hurt his negotiation skills by calling him a pedophile and saying all these things that aren't true. So he's suing. So let's open up the phone lines and say what's your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. He's suing UMG And Spotify. And Spotify. Yeah. So we ask him, what's your thoughts? Let's discuss what's Spotify got to do with this?


Like seriously, what does Spotify have to do With, I think the Spotify thing was when you say certified Loverboy and it goes right, everything goes to That is what it does for any, any song. Why you all get with Me If you say words that an in a record Because you light Irritated with, I dunno what Whatcha arguing. I'm trying to You know give people a thing when they can call up here. Give both sides 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And they're saying not only because of that, also because of the streams as well. What screams, I guess they're saying they're patting the streams. It's not like GU is a why you arguing with Me? I'm just telling people so they get both sides. I'm not, I'm not arguing. I'm saying not like us was a cultural phenomenon. Like, like records like that are red. That's like whoop dead is bro like what else?


Like, like that. It was a cultural phenomenon. Hiphop Ray. So then the Hiphop. I don't know if hiphop Ray was there In the club. Mm, in the club. I don know bro. I don't think so either way. I don Know. Back that ass up. Swag back That ass up. Not if you buck. No, but don't, no not like, not like us swag surfing. No. Hell yeah. No, no. Tyler Swift was doing the swag surfing at What? Yeah, 20 years later. Still It's Still here. No it's not. It's still here. Alright, well let's open up the phone lines. Get your thoughts as The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side.


If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's.


Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on feature iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Did You know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future health.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share Holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.