
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons your dog wants you to move to Ohio. Amazing dog parks to stretch your legs. All four of them. Dog friendly patios, even gourmet hot dogs loaded with the good stuff. Bone Appetit and Ohio has so many high paying jobs. You'll be top dog in no time jobs in technology, engineering, science, advanced manufacturing, and more the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Go to call Ohio home.com.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Damn the Heehaw gig. It's time for DONKEY at the Keep. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I don, I'm not making these people do these things. They called DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the DONKEY today? Today? Well, Jess, Hilarious DONKEY today for Monday, April 28th goes to Jax Albridge. Who is Jack's Albridge? Well, he's the son of Atlanta Falcons defensive coordinator Jeff Alrich. Now over the weekend he did something that was absolutely hilarious. Okay. Stupid, which is why he's getting DONKEY today, but hilarious nonetheless. See, we all watched Shedeur Sanders slide in the 2025 NFL draft.


He was eventually drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fifth round, dropping a cruise bomb for Shedeur Sanders. Sidebar. I love the way Shado handled the whole situation. All he kept doing the whole time he wasn't getting drafted was give all glory to God. He kept saying, this is God's plan. And he accepted whatever was happening in his life at that moment. I loved that Drop on a clue bone for Shado once again, but Jax took it upon himself to pretend to be an NFL general manager and Prank Call Shedeur Sanders doing this whole thing. Let's listen. Hello? Hey, this is Mickey Omi here, the the G of the New Orleans Saints.


How you doing? Good, how are you man? Good. Been waiting on you. Yeah, we have. It's been a long wait, man. We're gonna take you with our next creek right here, man. Yes sir. Let's be legendary, But you're gonna have to wait a little bit longer, man. Okay. Sorry about that. What does that mean? How you gonna ask us what it mean? And you was on the phone. You heard that You said you're gonna have to wait a little longer. First of all, hilarious. Okay. Very, very well played. You gotta give it to him. What a way to meet the moment with a joke. If I had access to Shara's personal number or whatever number he was using on draft day, my mind might've went to doing something like that too.


At that age. Jack Obert is 21, but the reason I'm giving Jax the credit he deserves for being stupid is because of who his father is. His father is Jeff Ulrich, defensive coordinator for the Atlanta Falcons. Right now, as I speak, the NFL is reviewing Jeff's role in the Shedeur Sanders Prank Call. The Falcons said they won't be taking any action against Jeff, but the NFL said they have been in contact with the Falcons and they are reviewing the matter and this is the issue. See, Jax, you didn't take into consideration how this could impact your daddy because of who he's, and that is something we all need to remember when we do things, who around me will this impact? Who around me was this effect?


Okay, Jax. If you was just some 21-year-old kid who pranked called Shado, I'd be like, whatever. But your daddy is in the NFL. Okay? He's defensive coordinator for the Falcons. Now we know where you got the number from. Okay? I'm not saying Daddy gave it to you, but you clearly have been privy to some inside information and that's exactly what happened. Unintentionally came across the draft contact phone number, which he found in an open iPad while visiting his parents' home. Now you now you done made things hot for your daddy for no damn reason. You know how the internet works, okay? Or maybe you don't. So let me explain. Jax, you're white. Okay? Caucasian. There is a narrative and the narrative is people already think that white people, owners, executives, coaches in the NFL are colluding against Shado to humble him and his father, Dion Sanders, because they don't like confident secure black men.


That's the narrative. So when the son of a defensive coordinator in the NFL pranks shado like that, and you hear Shado say, nobody has this number, it puts fire on the flames of all the conspiracy theorists because you like, oh, they really playing with Shado, the son of an NFL defensive coordinator, prank called Shado, everybody with a tinfoil chey mass, who thought this was a conspiracy. You can't tell them nothing after this. You confirmed their suspicions Jax, and you made it hot for your daddy for no damn reason. Now, Jax did apologize on Instagram. Let's go to NBC 11 live news for the report please. I'm sure You saw the shocking video over the weekend of Shahir Sanders being Prank Call the callers, posing as the Saints general manager leading sure to believe that he was being drafted by the Saints.


Well, turns out one of the kids involved is the son of Falcon's defense coordinator Jeff Ulbrich. The Falcon's confirming today that Jax Ulrich came across the contact information on his father's unlocked iPad. Jeff Ulrich did not know about any of this until the Prank Call came to light. The Falcons have apologized to Shadur and his family, the Falcons would want to say. We have also been in contact with the NFL and will continue to cooperate fully with any inquiries we may receive from the NFL League office. We are thoroughly reviewing all protocols and updating if necessary to help prevent an incident like this from happening again. Now, Jack's actually released an apology on Instagram this afternoon. He says he called Shara on Sunday to apologize.


Jack's also says what he did was completely inexcusable, embarrassing and shameful. He says he's sorry he took away from Shara's moment and that it was selfish and childish. Yes. Make sure you apologize to your daddy too, for embarrassing his last name and let the record show they did Prank Call a couple of other players, but nobody cared about them because Shado was the main attraction for the whole draft. Alright? The NFL needs to send the Sanders family an edible arrangement or something because I can't remember the last time folks talked about the NFL draft this much, especially after the first round. But the moral of the story is this, you have to understand how your actions affect others. We always think about how someone is impacted personally, but when you do things, think about how it will impact others, especially those you claim to love.


Please give Jax Albridge the biggest heehaw. Matter Of fact, let, let let Chelsea handle, give Jack Albridge the biggest haw. He haw, he haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise


All well, thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports and after work plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohome.com.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money Movement Services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.