
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.


Black Tech Green money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State. Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Life is happening around us. So many things to do, places to go. If, you switch off, you're out of it. But If you switch on. You're part of it. Subscribe to The Washington Post today at Washington post.com/iheart. Switch on the Washington Post.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra processors.


The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the port. He laughed. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news? If I catch all as in traffic, I whisperer my y'all. It is just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Yes. DONKEY. Today for Monday, September 9th goes to a vice principal and a teacher in Florida. The vice principal's name is Ika Fabian, and the teacher's name is Benny Leverett. What does your Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. I am telling you right now, America, nobody gives a damn anymore.


Okay, folks is overworked, underpaid, and they just don't have time for the foolishness, even if they themselves are the foolishness. See, Ika Fabian is no longer the vice principal at Progress Village Middle School because Benny Leverett, the teacher had to resign from his job because he decided to put a child in a choke hold. Yes, to cripple across face. Million Dollar Dream. Cobra Clutch. Hells Gate, he put this student in a choke hold. I guess they got into some type of altercation in the classroom and the teacher felt like he had to restrict the student's ability to breathe to survive. Now, the teacher did get arrested. The teacher did resign. But in new developments, we have learned that Ika knew about it the whole time and covet it up. Let's go to WFLA for the report please. Keith. Jen detectives say that this kid told deputies that he couldn't breathe.


An investigators said the teacher held that position for about four minutes. Mm. And We send his, we sent our kid to school thinking it's safe. That's wrong. He not gonna respond. He Can't. He can't. He's gone. You're killing him. Caught on camera. Deputies say this is Progress Village, middle Magnet School teacher Benny Leverett, and they say this is a 14-year-old student. Investigators say the 39-year-old teacher wrapped his right arm around the student's neck and placed his other hand behind the team's head, putting him in a choke hold. The student told deputies there were various points when he couldn't breathe. Wow. As court documents say, Leverett held this position for about four minutes.


Deputies say the school's assistant principal, 41-year-old ISHKA Fabian didn't notify authorities. Something she's required to do by state law. But the story doesn't end there. Detectives say she told the student who recorded this video to delete it. The school district says neither the teacher nor school administrator have been on campus since this happened a few months ago. Both face criminal charges tonight. Here's the thing about stupidity, right? It does not require unity and group operation. It does not have to be a collective effort. See, there is no need to make stupidity a relay race. I don't need that baton. Pastor me. That's what Ika did in this situation. She made stupidity a relay race.


Now, I don't know why Benny Leverett felt the need to put this middle school student in a choke hold. I'm not You know judging that man, okay? But for whatever reason, he decided to put this child in a choke hold. Okay? Now he gotta deal with the law and that child's family. If there's a daddy in the house, an uncle, a big brother, I don't know why y'all be playing with folks'. Kids like they don't have families. 'cause now you gotta square up Benny. Okay? Let's see if that choke hold works on an adult. All right? He resigned, but he should have been fired and he got arrested. This should be Benny's. Cross the bear and no one else's, but no. All right. Benny decided to pass the baton of stupidity. The toka. He ain't even pass it. She just took it. Okay? For whatever reason, Toka took the baton and ran with it because she failed to report this situation.


In fact, as you heard in the news report, she tried to get the video deleted. Why? What's the point? You're the vice principal of the school. Your job is to protect the students. If there is a teacher endangering the child in any way, that teacher gotta go. All right. That teacher gotta go to the unemployment line and jail. I don't know the reason why you wouldn't report the matter to the child abuse hotline. Our law enforcement. What are you protecting Benny for? Okay, whatever student in that class recorded the whole incident, did exactly what they were supposed to do, and you dead ass wrong for making them delete the footage. You must have a personal relationship with Benny. Okay? That is the only logical explanation. But If, you have a personal relationship with Benny. That's all the more reason why you shouldn't have attempted to protect him, especially when he was dead wrong.


Okay? You had other students say he's dying, you're killing him. Can we hear from some of the parents pe or is this teachers? Teachers? These teachers? Let's hear from some of the teachers about what they thought about this. Teachers now weighing in, I have my ethics in place. And. I will not be making contact with students unless they have approved on a high five or maybe a hug And a daycare provider saying this should have never happened. Not a lot of touch kids. So you're saying under no circumstance should a teacher ever put a child in a choke hold? No, no. You have to call for backhoe. You is the vice principal. Completely betrayed.


These kids. Trust it's bad enough. A teacher would harm a student. But when you have the vice principal refusing to report the crime, it's like, where can we send our kids to be safe? Who is protecting our children? I know a lot of people opting to homeschool their kids for various reasons. Full disclosure, I'm one of them. Okay? Kids don't like to be in schools anymore because they don't feel the work is stimulating them. And also because they feel like the teachers don't have their best interests. Okay? As the son of a school teacher, this breaks my heart. All right? Please, anyone out there thinking of being in education don't. If your heart isn't in it, If, you don't actually care about the wellbeing of these youngsters. If. you are looking at being a teacher or a principal or a counselor in these schools as just a job.


Do us all a biggest favor and find something else to do. We need people in these schools who inspire hope, who ignite their imagination in, in these kids who instill a level of learning in these kids, these adults be coming in these classrooms with their own issues and they end up projecting their BS onto these students. You choked out this. This student for what? All right, someone else's child for four minutes. You know why? Not because something is wrong with the kid, but because something was wrong with you. All right? We need students to trust teachers. You can't improve student teacher relationships by doing stuff like this. But in order for that to happen, we need teachers, students can trust, and we need to trust that principals are gonna provide proper checks and balances and discipline when those teachers fall short.


Ika, you failed. Okay? You failed that child. All right? And then the injustice to one child is an injustice to children everywhere. They don't make a dose like they used to. Please give Ika Fabian and Benny Leverett. Matter of fact, let Remy ma give Taika Fabian and Benny Leverett the biggest. He haw. Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Mm mm I really don't understand why y'all be playing with people's kids. Kids like they don't have families, right? Nah, not at all. I don't understand it. Biggest Fear in The World is like putting your babies into The, World and just something like this happens. They they're, that's a kid. Yeah, I mean a person in general shouldn't be You. know what I mean? Because Now I gotta go catch a charge and you gotta catch.


Now I gotta go eat jail food. Oh, hello. Now I gotta go eat jail Food. You know about my child or my niece. I'm going smiling. That's what I'm saying. Happily. Now I gotta go. Go eat jail food. 'cause you put your hand on my children. Come on now. Matter of fact, I'm gonna pre-order my food 'cause I'm headed there. That's not how That jail Figure out my baby. I'm gonna figure it out. Can't preorder You can't ask on Tuesday. Pork on we And. I'm on my way. That's not how I'm on my way. Only thing you pre-order is fish. Alright. Oh, Thank you For that, DONKEY. The day all you think Ice Spice star out Cleo Trapper. Try to pre-order your jail food and see what happens.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or wanted. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel Core Ultra Processors.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange Manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram, I saw, it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.