
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition, and for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg, the one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone are something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate Damn solo man. Who you giving us here today too? Now? Well, it's Sexy Red DONKEY. Today for Thursday, March 13th goes to five Memphis men, Mikel Sanders, 18 Rashaan Bryant 22, Jordan Smith, 19, Andre Cole, Mays 18, and Desmond Subbury 18.


All of them have been arrested and your Uncle Charlin needs to let all U Yns know something. Please, please, please stop with the organized crime. Seriously, man, if you can create, you know, a, a criminal enterprise, then you can also, then you also have the brains to start some type of small business. I'm just sick of hearing about young people coming together to form drug rings and fraud schemes, even organized stuff. If you can put so much time and energy in doing the wrong thing, then you can put that same time and energy into doing the right thing. Okay? You youngins are not applying yourself properly and you could be, and that's what frustrates me the most, okay? Unity and group operation is a must, but why do we only seem to see you under D in group operation when folks is coming together to commit crimes and this country not playing with you?


Okay, they are ready at all times to introduce you to their good friend Rico. And these five Memphis men, sadly are the latest example of that. Would you like to know what the criminal behavior was? Would you, everybody take a deep breath? Come on, take a deep breath because this type of organized crime is triggering. Let's go to the Miami Herald for the report, please. Tennessee. Cops say traffic came to a halt at a downtown Memphis intersection when five men leapt from their car and began twerking before baffled motorists in Tennessee. It happened Monday, March 10th, about three blocks east of the Mississippi River, and the dancing was still in progress when a police lieutenant drove up. What the officer saw was a 2016 Chevy Malibu blocking traffic at a green light and four men twerking around the car outside.


A fifth man was spotted dancing on the car's hood. The five men were taken into custody so the offense would not happen again, and they were charged with obstructing traffic. The men ranged in age from 18 to 22. A motive behind the stunt was not released. Five Memphis men got together to disrupt the lives of law abiding citizens just trying to go about their day. A vehicular blockade caused by booty. That's what this was. Hey, Mikel, Rashan, Jordan, Andre Desmond, when you were scrubbing the ground cheeks to concrete, did you think about the ambulance you may be keeping from getting to the hospital? The person who just got a job, first day of work and they're about to be late because of your traffic tampering through twerk terrorism.


This should be an episode of Law and Order twerk victims unit. Okay? Not only is this a criminal enterprise, it's a whole production. You all probably had gorilla blasting. Okay? Cameras out just a synchronized routine of reckless rump shaking. Why? First degree felonious fraggled Ry. That's what this is, okay? The unlawful act of throwing it back in a way that disturbs the peace blocks traffic and disrupts people's everyday lives. Why we cannot let the as cartel get away with this? Are we really gonna sit back and allow an underground network of professional Russ Shakers to disrupt society? People like this don't think of anybody but themselves. The only real luxury any of us have is time people.


Okay? Because it doesn't come back. So imagine you running late for something important, rushing to pick your kids up, trying to make your Brazilian wax appointment. I have one today, by the way, and you're stuck in traffic because five grown ass loose booty bandits decided to turn the highway in the magic city Monday. They are all charged with obstructing a highway or a passageway, but I feel like this should be a freako case. This is a Freako case, okay? There has to be a stiffer punishment for this organized booty movement because this was a coordinated effort to weaponize the wobble in public. Where is President Trump to sign an executive order to stop discreet stripping syndicate? Huh? If he doesn't intervene, this could get outta control. Okay? Men will mimic this behavior all over America.


This could get outta hand. Do you really want criminal organizations dedicated, the twerk related infractions popping up all over the country? Do we really want booty trafficking? Didi, don't you answer that? Okay? The illegal transportation and distribution of reckless twerking across state lines, do we need that? Let's do better. Please give Mikel Sanders, Rashaan Bryant, Jordan Smith, Andre Cole Mays, and Desmond Subbury the biggest heehaw. I have a question now. If this was back in your day and five women Back in my day like you wasn't born in 1,977, if Five women were twerking in front of you, would you mind?


Would you call the police back in your Day? First of all, I don't have time for your hypotheticals. Let's deal with the reality of the situation. So that's what's wrong with people nowadays. They don't ever want to deal with the reality of things. Let's deal with the shared reality. Somebody, some, I'm gonna show you this mugshot. Look at that. Don't get bricked up over there. Can you see this, Jess? I'm not justice, can you? Damn. Can you see this? Somebody's sitting this picture to Jess. I don't want you to get bricked up over there. I'm not bricked up. Nowhere near bricked up. Don't get brick up over there. Even if it was women Emini here, if you trying to get somewhere, that's move, bitch. That's right. Like what? What are we doing? This ain't got nothing to do with the gender of nothing. Why you disrupting traffic? Stopping people's day? Okay, we got things to do. You just hopping out of a 2016 Chevy Malibu to twerk in the middle of the street for what? In 2025.


Come on, stop. This ain't got nothing to do with gender. They keep looking at the picture Because I'm trying to figure out what they all identify. That's why this one With red Hair, right? You know what, Don? Hey. Hey. It don't matter. There was an executive order 90 bucks. You Right. You right. You are absolutely right. Right? All right. Okay. Well, thank you. Say there's pride every day you talking about it. All right, well thank you for that dog of the day.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition, and for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off, but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs making it worse. Biome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get biome and fix your gut. Now. Dial star, star Gut to get $110 off any test that Star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card.


Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report, Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.