
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You are a DONKEY To the latest on that police killing of a black Man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage, man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is What he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife was white up The Breakfast. Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? DONKEY today for Tuesday, October 8th goes to the bleach blonde bad built butch bodied congresswoman from Georgia, Marjorie Taylor Greene. Yes, the mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Oh, a human jar of Hellmans is upon us. It's safe to say Marjorie Taylor Green is about as loony as a Batman villain, right?


I mean, she would be a platinum member at Arkham Asylum, correct? Well, today Marjorie Taylor Green is getting the credit she deserves for being stupid because she just refuses to deal with reality. Okay? In this case, we all have seen the devastation. Hurricane Alina has caused over 200 confirmed deaths, destruction of homes, damage to infrastructure, severe flooding. It's just all bad. And what I don't understand is politicians who will politicize these natural disasters, some things should be bigger than politics. I saw the Vice President Kamala Harris say Ron DeSantis won't even take her calls in regards to Hurricane Helene And I just don't understand that the same way. I don't understand what Marjorie Taylor Greene is saying. See, mother Nature should be the most humbling thing for humans, okay?


Until extraterrestrials come. Because Mother Nature doesn't care what race you are. She don't care about your sexuality, your religion, your political party. Mother Nature is one of the few things that should bring people together. It's one of the few things that should make us realize in the grand scheme of things, we are tripping, focusing on our differences instead of focusing on what we have in common. Because in those moments, when a category four, a category five hurricane is about to impact your town, you all have one thing in common. And that thing is survival. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. And when you are busy trying to survive mother nature, the last thing you want to hear is someone like Marjorie Taylor Greene peddling conspiracy theories about why what is happening is happening.


And that's exactly what Marjorie Taylor Greene did. Let's go to ABC 10 for the report, please. And tonight we're looking into a story getting a lot of buzz. In the last 24 hours, it claims Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene is implying Democrats caused Hurricane Helene to harm Republicans. And folks, this one is true. Last night Green wrote on X quote, yes, they can control the weather. It's ridiculous for anyone to lie and say it cannot be done. While she didn't say exactly who they are, the post came just hours after green posted this map showing the political lien of the areas impacted by the hurricane. And as you can see, there is definitely more red than blue.


Green has pushed many conspiracy theories in the past, including some which have been called antisemitic. Marjorie Taylor Green says she doesn't believe in climate change, but If, you tell her the weather is controlled by the Illuminati, then all of a sudden she's a meteorologist. Who knows? They control the weather. Who the hell is they? That is always the question. Okay, is it the they DJ callers used to talk about? Is it the they, the L-G-B-T-Q community talks about You? know that confusing pronoun stuff? Who is they? Okay, Marjorie If, you gonna make a claim like this? At least say who they is. Real conspiracy theorists say names like Harp. Okay, If, you would've said Harp controls the weather. Tin foil hat. Twitter would've crowned you Queen.


Maybe they still did because of these comments, I don't know. But the reason Marjorie Taylor Green is getting DONKEY today is because when you make claims like this, it throws a middle finger to science, not just science. It throws a middle finger to reliable sources of information, okay? Leads people to believe in folks foolish feelings as opposed to actual facts. And what should really piss us off is when Marjorie Taylor Green spews rhetoric like this, it distracts from real conversations we should be having about A climate change. And B, how to prepare for these natural disasters. Do you understand how difficult it is to get people to care about the truth? Nowadays, we are in an era where facts don't change most people's opinions because most people don't use facts to form their opinions.


They use their opinions to form their facts. So when a congresswoman like Marjorie Taylor Green starts throwing around nut ass conspiracy theories like they control the weather, you're just misinforming the public and your constituents. But you are also just simply undermining real science. And we will never, ever solve the problem of climate change if we can't even admit that climate change is real. And the news has to stop giving stuff like this oxygen because it spreads the foolishness more than it suppresses it. I let you hear a, B, C 10 earlier. Let's listen to M-S-N-B-C. Now. The death toll from Hurricane Helene is now more than 200 people. 220 people, while hundreds of others remain unaccounted for such tragic figures.


Didn't stop. Didn't stop some of the extreme members of the Republican party from gaslighting the American public about the cause of the storm with Marjorie Taylor Greene tweeting And I quote, yes, they control the weather. It's ridiculous for anyone to lie and say it can't be done. So Marjorie, who are they? Who are the they you are referring to? Exactly. Democrats, Jewish space lasers. Who knows? You can't just report this stuff. You have to shoot it down with actual information and facts. Stomp it out. Can't just report it and leave it there. Gotta ask more than just who is they?


Okay? This is why people are skeptical about scientific truths. And this is why no matter how hard America tries, we will never be able to solve real problems. Climate change, Deni flat earth fools. We shouldn't talk to none of 'em after 5:00 PM and you shouldn't be talking to any of 'em for free ever. Okay? Now I have some flat earth fools in my life that I love, but I'm not taking on. No new friends that are flat or fools are climate change deniers? Nope. You need to really reevaluate your life. If, you and Marjorie Taylor Greene are on the same page about some of this stuff. Okay? Marjorie Taylor Greene thinks climate change is a hoax. She's the person that will deny science because she probably believes the sun just runs on vibes. Okay? But the good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.


Please let Kathy Griffin give Marjorie Taylor Green the biggest. He haw. Please Give this giant jar of mail. The biggest he haw You believe in a flat earth. No, I'm not a flat earth. Okay. Just making sure I have one in my life though. Okay. Who Is it? My. My brother. Oh, The youngest child is always the most special. How Do you feel about that when he says these things? I love him regardless. Okay, but Do you tell him that there's actually people that have been in space and have seen, I stop telling him stuff along time. Do you Tell him there's, there's so many things that you can see from earth, like the moon and like the sun. And you can see that those are spears. Mm. But You know, tell those things.


People are delirious. Like this guy really thinks he looked like Morris chestnut. It's the same as the flat Earth. You think your beard is real. You try to convince us every day that that's your real beard color. So what you saying? So, and you tried to go in and color that little hole in during one of the breaks. I did not touch it at all. I did not move. Did I? Did not go anywhere. Yes you did. Yes you did. Yeah. You are a liar. Yes. You, you Are a liar. You dirty liar. Where's my, where's that drop? Where's the drop? You don't have that drop anymore. What? Thank you for that dog and the day. Liar. What am I lying about now when we come back, the fuck you went your classroom size? How big was it? Very small. Like the bus. Very small bus drove. I was in the full class for a little second. Glad failed to standardized test.


Just for some, just for like one time. I Everything about you screams getting you patience. I was. I was in remedial English one time. I was, I was. I ain't gonna sit there lie about it. I was definitely in remedial English at one point. I was so scared. 'cause I used to, those are the kids I used to tease. They put me in. Not supposed to tease them. I know I was young. You gonna judge me before when I did when I was 17? Come on now. Everybody else does. I know isn't that's terrible. Gosh.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael The bull LAIs soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.