
This is an iHeartPodcasts balancing work, family, and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that pitch their lives and affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The Best kind of help is the kind you don't even have to ask for like your friend pulling up on you on moving day with a truck, a speaker and snacks ready to go. Well, that's the energy you get with at and t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you a credit for a full day of service, proactively credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime lasting 60 minutes or more caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details at t connecting changes everything.


I just wanted know how you came up with the DONKEY today, because you're me. I'm not, what did I don today? There's a bunch of donkeys out here in the street. That is why Charlamagne, if we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, we never would say Don't give a damn Don. Throw it up. Hey, give it to give it to him on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlamagne to God, it's a DONKEY that was, oh man. Charlamagne. You giving DONKEY today to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for the Thursday, June 26th. Have you hugged the cancer today? No. Did you hug Chris before you left the house?


I did not. It was way too early. Well, it is our season. Okay. You know, we sensitive drop on the cruise bombs for us. Hug us. Tell us you love us. Don't wish us happy birthday early. Tell us on our actual day. I had two friends do that already. Wish me happy birthday early. Thank you. But no, I want to hear it on Sunday, June 29th. But back to the matter at hand, DONKEY today goes to a Wisconsin man named Michael Nki. He's 67 years old and he's the type of person I hate. Okay? The type of person who gets angry, who gets defensive and violent because you simply told them an obvious truth. Okay? It's one thing that have an honest opinion, it's another to state an obvious truth, okay? For example, I am 5 6, 3 quarters.


Okay? Sometimes five, seven. If I don't get a manicure, that extra skin at the bottom of my feet can get me to five seven. That is an obvious truth, okay? I can't lie to people and tell them I'm six five, they can see me. Even if I told them I was trans tall, they would, they what? Hush. They would say shorty tripping. Okay? So there is a, there is no reason to get mad at obvious truths, okay? Especially obvious truths that you can do something about. Another example, if I smell just h Larry's breath And I say just it, it's not stink, but if it was, wow, wow. And I say just your breath stink. That's an obvious truth that you could fix.


Yes. If no, if no need for you to get mad or defensive. If, if, if, if, if, okay, but it's just an obvious truth that can be corrected. Well, Michael Naroski doesn't like obvious truth. See, he was arrested by police and Kenosha and charged with battery strangulation and suffocation and intimidation of a victim. He beat his wife, okay? And the reason he beat his wife is because his wife told him something that a lot of y'all need to hear in this heat. And it's too simple words, you stink. Okay? I don't know if it's because folks is trying natural deodorants. I don't know if right God, old Spice changed the recipes. I even got caught out there a few weeks ago.


I wasn't even doing nothing strenuous, but I smelled the kush. Okay? Loud pack smelling mustard. Alright? You have a smell under your own arms and start craving funs. Yeah, that was me. Okay? And that's also you, but nobody telling you, okay? See, Michael Navarro's wife told him the truth and she had no choice because when police showed up after he beat her, his wife, her name is Kimberly, said that her and Michael had been arguing for weeks because Michael hadn't t Showered in two months. Okay? Did you hear what I just said? Michael hadn't t Showered in two months. Now she has earned the right to get a divorce, okay?


You haven't watched your funky ass in two months and now it's a heat wave and you got the nerve to sleep on my clean sheets. This really happened. People, I'm reading the police report at one point during the verbal altercation, his wife Kimberly told him she did not want him sleeping on her clean sheets until he Showered. My wife tells me that after I work out, okay, you know, sometime you work out, then you go in your room and lay on the bed real quick to muster some energy to take a shower. Get your funky ass up right now. Okay? So imagine not washing for two months and then going to lay on some clean sheets. Bruh, you stink, okay? You haven't washed in two months.


Neck dirty behind the ears, dirty ass cracking your gooch filthy. And when your wife tells you to do something about it, you get mad and beat her the same energy you mustered up to choke your wife. You could've mustered up to wash your ass, okay? Mm. You haven't washed in 60 straight days. The irony of what you did to your wife is you need your ass beat, okay? You would rather beat your wife than beat that funk, not washing for two months. Donald Trump should bomb you without congressional approval, okay? You wage in chemical warfare on America by not washing for two months. That is an act of war, okay? You ain't washing two months, you might be better off to cease because you damn sure already smell dead.


At this point, he's not even musty. He's not even funky. He's historical. That stink got a timeline, okay? That's smithian worthy, stink. Michael, what is your problem? Did de soap in your house file a restraining order against you? Why are you staying away from it Two months, no shower. You gotta start seeing a therapist because you're clearly going through some type of depression, but two months no shower. That's not depression. It's biological terrorism. Listen, sometimes people, sometimes, sometimes the obvious truth stinks, but Michael, not as bad as you do. Okay? If somebody loves you enough to tell you that you smell like a Roach's funeral, the least you can do is hit the shower and not hit them.


Don't punish people for being honest, especially when the only thing more offensive than your attitude is the smell of your ass. Please let Remy ma give Michael Nki the biggest. He haw, He haw, he haw you stupid mother. Are you dumb? Why she wait two months though? Yeah, Two months. Yeah. That is crazy. But a roaches ferral Ain't never smelled roaches funeral. No, I never smelled a Roach. Really? So you don't, you never had a roach trap in your house? No. N not a, you Ain't never picked up a dead roach in sniff It. No, I'm sorry. That's different. That's different. That's disgusting. No, I never did. I'm sorry that y'all better than me. Y'all didn't have toys in south monk's corner?


Of course, but We all had a Roach. The hell is wrong with you. Why you playing with dead roaches? You talking about sniffing them? You Ain't never studied a dead roach. Just to see, Know if I had a cat roach that made me did that. Not a a person. I didn't do that. I feel judged. That's all you. You ever had a fair roof in one of your roaches that you grew up with? Aches? Have names. Hold on. So time out. Time out. All jokes aside, y'all ain't never took a dead roach and put it in a matchbox and buried it outside. No, no. I never really got to know sang boys, men, none of them like that. No, I do. I say goodbye to a Roach. Oh, Kelly, I miss you. Nothing Really? No, None Of that. I'm, I'm with Jesse. I didn't have toys out there when you were growing up. That's what I'm saying.


Y'all just played with roaches. Did y'all roaches down? I don, I don know about they. I don't know. No, they, I'm just telling y'all about certain social science experiments that I did as a child Social site. Jesus Christ. You Need a hug? All right, well that was DONKEY of the Day.


American Public University. With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle with online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, A PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, AP U is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at ap.aps.edu/military. That's apu.aps.edu/military.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The Best kind of help is the kind you don't even have to ask for, like your friend pulling up on you on moving day with a truck, a speaker and snacks ready to go. Well, that's the energy you get with at and t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you a credit for a full day of service. Proactively credit for five, a downtime lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more caused by a single incident impacting 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details. At and t connecting changes everything.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


This is an iHeartPodcasts guest.