
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I wanna Take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelly Blue book's kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


I just wanted to know how you came up with the DONKEY because you're mean I'm not, what did I don today? A bunch of DONKEY Street. That is why Charlamagne is here. If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say on The Breakfast Club the words of Charlamagne a DONKEY. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY today to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Thursday, April 10th goes to a Christian nationalist pastor from Tennessee named Andrew Isker.


Okay. He co-host a podcast with a guy named CJ Ingle and they call their podcast the number one Christian nationalist podcast in The World. They have created a community called Heritage Americans and they have explicitly stated they're longing for the American way of life before women join the workforce. Before civil rights ruined everything and before the lgbtq plus community took all the letters from the alphabet and made it look like a line on the eye chart. Oh, trust and believe they're from Tennessee. But they absolutely support Florida's don't say gay bill. In fact, they think you can just be turned gay. Now, last time I checked it was only one way to turn gay and that's to have sex with someone of the same sex. Well, Andrew Isbe to differ. He thinks that airport security scanners, you know the ones that detect weapons and other potential threats.


Yes. He thinks those things are a gay beam machine that could turn you into a homosexual. Let's go take a peek into their podcast. Let's listen. Where was the constitution when the Patriot Act was ACT was passed. Right? Emini Here, gimme a break. Like I had to be molested at the airport to go to Florida. Right? Just to get on an airplane. 'cause I'm not gonna go through the the gay beam machine. I didn't let CJ do it. I wouldn't let him do it. I said, you're getting patted down too, buddy. I don't want them turning you gay appears having a guy touch you all over the place is on its face. Seems worse, but you don't really know what's going what, what those things are doing to you. Now, I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the strongest avenger.


But I think I can say without a shadow of a doubt that the airport scanner is not gonna make you gay. How many times have you been through it? Right? The airport scanner? No, the airport scanner does not want you, but okay. Andrew thinks TSA is prison. He thinks TSA stands for take somebody's ass. Okay, technology of sodomy Advancement. Let me be the first to tell you, Andrew, if you go through the airport scanner and then all of a sudden you got another man's blue vein sausage on your brain, then trust me when I tell you that you was craving crotch rockets long before you got to the airport. Jesus. Now I know there might be some Christian nationalists out there or other folks who believe this type of foolishness, but a machine designed to detect metal and contraband does not have the side effect of altering one sexual orientation.


I know that may sound crazy to you, but you will not develop a taste for tonsil ticklers just because you go through the scanner at the airport. Now I'd be wondering, where do people come up with this stuff? Is it the internet? Did he consult with anyone about this? Personally? I think you already smoke skin flutes and those closet door walls are closing in on you and before you get exposed, you throwing this out there so you can have an excuse. Okay? You wanna be able to blame your gayness on airport scanners? No, no, no. I think you A TSA agent right now, pastor and TSA for you stands for thoroughly sniffing anus. All right? There is no other reason for someone to spread such a theory. This is like saying if you step on a digital scale, it will change your zodiac side.


You step on it as a, as a Aries weighing 180 step off your weighing 180, but now you are Sagittarius. That's not how that works. Okay? You probably think the radiation from microwaves turns people into pedophiles, don't you? Huh? We live in a world where people are trying to run from themselves and you can't run from who you are. Okay? You can't run from what you are. Stop hiding behind religion and blaming airport cans because you like the blow on a man's love whistle. Okay? The same Bible that you read out of says judge, not that you not be judged, that's Matthew seven one. Okay? The reason you so afraid to be yourself is because you are scared that all the judgment you pass on to others will now be passed on to you.


So stop with the baseless fear mongering and spreading misinformation. If you have a passion for pink pickles, who are we to judge? Please give Pastor Andrew Isker the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, You want the dog of the day? You the doggie of the day. Heehaw. Nothing. Nothing brings me more joy than watching Sid, who's, you know, our digital person. Oh, that's funny. She be in here on TikTok. She's so mad And I can always tell when we got bumped off TikTok, she just looks so defeated and puts the phone down and just stares at me.


Or was it the pink pickles? No. No. Sometimes she, she turns it off because she knows we're gonna get banned. Yeah. Oh, Was the taste what was so tickler? You turned It off today? Or did today ban us? It was gay. It was too much Gay wasn't, You said what? We'll be back On April seven. April 17th. Was it to take somebody's ass? The TSA stand up for take somebody's ass. What was it? Yeah, It was all of it. All of it. Okay. Especially the way you say gay. You say it all hard. So they, they just, you wanna say soft? Yeah, like gay. But That's, that's the Q kind. Yeah, That's what they, that's that's the only thing they like. Take somebody's ass. Exactly. See now that sounds a little crimey. Like that's too crimey. It's too negative. All right.


Salute to TikTok family. We'll see you when? April 17th you said we'll be back April 17th. TikTok, all our people on TikTok have a taste for tons. Right up next. Jess, fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're having relationship issues or problems, you can call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051 Sydnee so mad. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow.


So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, real talk. We're all kind of hooked on our phones. It's full of shiny apps designed to keep your attention captive forever, but there's real life stuff to do other than scrolling and I'm here to help. I'm Christina Quinn, the host of Try This, a podcast from the Washington Post. The show explores solutions for life's common problems and this season we're learning to tame the dopamine beast and reclaim our attention in this noisy and distracting world. So let's tame the beast together. Find, try this from the Washington Post, wherever you listen.