
Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fe. When You're Invisible is my love Letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have Happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This Is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter.


As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled. In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca. Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Herein worse. Have you brought Us Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title.


Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's Head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun. Take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts For the DONKEY today. That's pretty fun. Charlemagne the Devil, possibly. The Breakfast Club. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Thursday, February 27th, goes to a 63-year-old woman named Soon Bang and Soon Bang has been charged with operating a prostitution business from the New Jersey Massage Parlor she owns.


Yes, her name is Soon Bang, and she owns the Oasis Spa in Denville, New Jersey. And with a name like Soon Bang, her career choice was just Destiny. Okay, if you walk into a massage parlor and the owner is Soon Bang, then you already know they got a hidden menu. And according to police reports and a STEM to STEM interview, with Soon Bang, she admitted to engaging in sexual intercourse and providing hand jobs with clients in exchange for money. Okay? I know what you're thinking and what you're thinking is, dammit, why do I never end up at these massage parlors? Okay? They don't do this in Massage Envy. Oh, that's not what you're thinking. Oh, okay. Me neither. By the way, I was just trying to connect with whoever feels that way. But Soon, Bang operates the Oasis Spa in Denville, New Jersey.


And before I continue, I need you to know that the detective on this case was Detective D Large. I'm not making any of this story up, nor am I mature enough to have this conversation. But here we are now. The reason police searched this massage parlor was for a number of reasons, and none of them had anything to do with her name. Soon Bang. First of all, when authorities raided Oasis Spa, they found all the classic indicators of an illicit operation, okay? They discovered a large quantity of condoms hidden within a mattress because safe sex is great sex, but you better wear a latex. Okay? The $50 million in condoms that Donald Trump said were sent to Hamas by USAID were stashed in a mattress, an Oasis spa, and they were hidden in plants, which could be a organic option for the environmentally conscious perverts out there.


Okay? Not to mention she had numerous online reviews for explicit sexual acts with customers. That'll do it, okay? When you have actual online reviews about the hand jobs that are happening in your establishment, you are just begging to get caught, okay? If your Yelp reviews sound like they belong on OnlyFans Trust and believe you might as well be snitching on yourself when they searched soon. Bang's residence, they also found a bunch of cash hidden in our bedroom and the same style condom that was located in the Oasis Spa was found in Soon Bang's bedroom. I don't know why that was a necessary detail. She probably buys in bulk just like Diddy does his baby oil. This what I don't understand though, Soon Bang is 63, 1 of our employees got arrested.


Their name was Shun Lee. Day 67, at what point are you too old for this? Okay? You should be sitting around watching Family Feud playing Scrabble, but you out here living like a crime boss on a 50 cent power spinoff. Why? In such an obvious crime if your name is Soon, Bang. Okay? Don't run a business where that's exactly what's happening, okay? You can't get arrested for doing exactly what your name says. Speaking of her name. I think it's time to play a game of guess what? Ratios Soon, Bang. 63 years old owns a massage parlor called, called Oasis Spa. When you went to Oasis Spa, they were also operating a prostitution business.


DJ Envy. Guess what ratios, this is a tough one. Oh, new Jerseys Soon. Bang. Hand jobs on the hidden menu. Mm, I'm Asian T style. Tus Style, okay. Okay. Okay. Soon. Bang. 63 years old owns a massage parlor called Oasis Spa. When you went to O Oasis Spa, they were operating a prostitution business. Just hilarious. Guess what? Racist. Black. Ooh, damn. Down, down, Okay. What made you think black? I'm just curious. We can get a little kinky sometimes and do a name change.


You know what? Emini here, you know? Okay. Alright. Now I have seen no pictures. All right. I'm basing this off all gut feelings. But if her name is Soon Bang and one of her employees is Hun Lee, and Lee is spelled LI, I'm just gonna assume that DJ NVU are absolutely correct and Soon Bang is, why did you do the Donald Trump double hand job dance? Why did you do that? That's the winning you went. Ah, Okay. I'm just gonna assume she's Asian. A, B, C, D hand job free. Okay? Please give Soon. Bang. The biggest heehaw. Now I may What?


Or may I have not been to Oasis Spa before? Oh, you've been there before. That's why you did the double hand job while Donald Trump. Now, when I used to live in, in that county, there was Groupons and you could get, they were cheap. What's crazy? Cheap Massages. I'm gonna tell you what's crazy. What? You didn't have to volunteer that information, right? I, you just decided to tell us is that you may or may not be involved in this type Of activity. Me and the wife went and got, you know, massages, but I didn't get no happy ending or Even anything to talk about. I'm just telling you, you didn't even have to tell us you was there. I'm telling you, I just, Nope, because I looked it up when you said a wasted spot in Denville. I'm like, I think I've been in there. Nope, before We seven 11. Around the corner. All Around New York though. 'cause I, my old camera guy loose.


He used to. He used to. Yeah. He used to partake in those all the time. Yes he did. Actually. That was always The spot. He would talk. I don't know about always the spot, but I know he used to do it. He said it is more in New York than you think it is. It is one on every corner and the majors be going to work and then going to work, work after the work. Oh, So yeah, he would come, come in here after coming there. Nah. What Emini here? It was never. No, I didn't get no hand job or nothing like that. But you sound guilty to me, sir. I'm, I'm Be honest with you. You telling you the truth. I Wife, I don even ask, didn't ask for none Of wife, my wife. Like, what you talking about? Okay, hand. Lemme ask you A question. You've been to a bunch of massage places. Have they ever offered you A a Never. Me neither. I've never gotten that. Me neither. I don't believe you though. No, you don't have to.


Don't sound guilty over there dressed like Arsenio Hall in the nineties. Point half finger. Yeah. Doing the Donald Trump double hand job. You know I'm Saying I hate y'all.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Hey y'all. I'm Maria Ferez. When you're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when A couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Where have you brought us?


Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Podcasts. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival Interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahan, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.