
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


It's time for DONKEY of the Today. DONKEY of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song today, but I got the DONKEY day so you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY man. The Breakfast Club bitches, please don't give today. Today, today. Well, ed Shean DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, June 10th, goes to a 72-year-old pastor from Alabama named Roy Powell. Okay. Pastor Roy is the pastor of Cedar Street Missionary Baptist Church in Alabama, dropping clues, bombs to Cedar Street Missionary Baptist Church. Okay. Salute everybody who listens to us on 1 0 3 0.1 to beat in Birmingham and 1 0 4 0.1 to beat and in mon in Montgomery, Alabama. Respectfully.


Now, what do you expect of your pastor? What is expected of a pastor? Most people expect their pastor to lead the church community. They expect their pastor to guide them spiritually, morally, and in practical matters. Okay? This includes teaching the word of God, okay? Providing Pastor Pistol care, leading worship, and ensuring the church's wellbeing. Do we need the pastor to be a role model? The answer is yes. Okay. We need a pastor that reflects the teachings of the gospel. You must practice what you preach in order to be an impactful pastor. Okay? Roy Powell has been a pastor for 30 years, so clearly he has been that, and you can tell he's been that. By the way, his congregation is choosing to stick beside him even though he was charged with first degree robbery.


What do you mean? Pastor Powell was charged with first degree robbery. Uncle Shawla, my pastor, don't have to steal from nobody. We be having two, sometimes three collections on Sundays. The general offering, a special offering to build the church pool and a thank you offering for our pastor because he is a good man. He needs a new Hyundai Sonata. So my pastor don't got no reason to rob nobody. Well, let's go to Fox 10 News for the report, please. Tonight, a well-known local pastor is out of jail, charged with first degree robbery investigators, say 72-year-old Roy Powell took a man's book bag at gunpoint yesterday morning on Mobile Street. The alleged victim who doesn't want to be identified tells me he was walking to the post office when Powell was walking towards him on the sidewalk and bumped into him.


He Said he was like, he was in my way. I'm walking down the sidewalk, watch where you're Going. And we had words back and forth. The alleged victim tells me, Powell left the scene after they exchanged words. Minutes later, he tells me Powell came back in a truck and with a gun that he used to pistol whip the man in the head. According to this sign at the Cedar Street, missionary Baptist Church, Powell is a pastor here and court documents say he's been a pastor for 30 years. These court documents say Powell actually went back to the scene to apologize. He's charged with first degree robbery. What if heaven was hell? And vice versa?


It's too corrupt knowing that God gonna help me blow him up. That wasn't Pastor Roy, that was Pastor Troy and Pastor Troy was teaching that young man a lesson. See, this is what happens when you don't tithe, okay? Mm. Tithing is not a strict requirement for salvation, but it is seen as a test of faith. Okay? Pastor, say, you going to give up that 10%? In my mind, that's how this happened, okay? Pastor Powell walking down the street, they bump into each other. Pastor says, you was in my way. The devil got busy and made that young man have a back and forth. Pastor Powell said, I know God protects me, but I still stay with my dad. So according to the victim, he left the scene. Now I'm gonna tell you what happened. Now I'm gonna tell you what happened. This is just in my mind. Pastor Powell went home and prayed over his pistol.


He didn't proceeded to grab his holy hammer, his godly Glock. Then he went back to confront this heathen who don't beat tyn and proceeded to pistol whip this man in the name of Jesus. Okay? Divine discipline is what it's called now in the Bible, Roman 1219. It says, beloved never avenge yourselves, but leave it to the wrath of God. For it is written vengeance. His mind I will repay, says the Lord. That's what made Pastor Roy return to the scene of the crime and apologize because he knew in that moment he let the devil use him. But again, I ask, what if heaven was hell and vice versa? Would you start doing evil in order to nurture? He had to apologize because that's the Christian way. Acknowledge the wrong and express remorse. Gotta ask for forgiveness.


After you pistol whip somebody, not just from God but from others, especially the person you hurt, then you repent. Okay? You gotta make a sincere effort to change and avoid repeating the mistake. But Pastor Roy, 72, if this is true, that wasn't his first pistol whipping and it won't be his last, especially if y'all don't go to church and give up that 10%. I don't feel like I gave him the credit he deserve for being stupid, but it's because what if heaven was hell and vice versa? Please give Pastor Roy Powell the biggest hee-haw. Y'all better tithe. Mm, I know. That's right. I do every Sunday. You better? I do. All right, come on.


Thank you for that DONKEY today, sir.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anate sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anate brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids. Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two, Ozempic in a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future Health weight loss Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar whose boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to Hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.