
Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, g Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


There Is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a DONKEY, The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what He did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? DONKEY of the Day for Wednesday, October 9th goes to Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida. Ron DeSantis is refusing to take Vice President Harris's calls in regards to Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton.


Now, If, you haven't heard the Vice president Kamala Harris and Rhon DeSantis is not taking her calls. Let's listen. NB C'S reporting, governor DeSantis is ignoring your calls on hurricanes resources and, and help. How does that hurt the situation here? You know moments of crisis. If, if nothing else should really be the moment that anyone who calls themselves a leader says they're gonna put politics aside and put the people first. People are in desperate need of support right now and playing political games at this moment in these crisis situations. These are the height of emergency situations. It's just utterly irresponsible and it's selfish and it's about political gamesmanship instead of doing the job that you took an oath to do, which is to put the people first.


I agree. You gotta put the people first. You know people over politics. But now in fairness, governor Ron DeSantis said he has spoken to President Biden and FEMA officials in preparation for Hurricane Milton, but he also said on Fox Rashaan Hannity that the Vice President Harris is delusional. Let's listen. And so for Kamala Harris to try to say that my sole focus on the people of Florida is somehow selfish is delusional. I'm in contact with the president of the United States. I'm in contact with FEMA director. I'm obviously managing all our state agencies. We're supporting all our local government. And. I will say this, I've had storms under both President Trump and President Biden, and I've worked well with both of them.


She's the first one who's trying to politicize the storm and she's doing that just because of her campaign. I'm glad Governor DeSantis talked to President Biden. I'm glad that he talked to female officials, but we have to be honest here, the person politicizing this issue is Ron DeSantis. For him to say he didn't answer her call because it seemed political is insane. Okay? There's a natural disaster, a a a A category six that is headed to Florida. All right? And they don't even have category six, okay? She's the Vice President of the United States of America. I'm glad you spoke to the president. I'm glad you spoke to officials from fema, but if she called to give you some encouraging words, if she called to just lend some emotional support, if she called to say, Hey, we gonna make sure Florida has everything it needs to recover, whatever it was, there is nothing wrong with that.


You only ducked her call because she is the Democratic presidential nominee and she's running against your guy Donald Trump, okay? You can't play nice with her in any way, shape or form because you don't want, you don't want it to look like you are giving her any type of energy because you want your guy to win. Okay? Not only that, the DeSantis, you talking out both sides of your mouth and one breath you saying you didn't even know she tried to call. And then in another breath you said the call seems political, which is it? All I'm saying is the same thing I've been saying. I've been saying it all week. I don't understand how politicians politicize these natural disasters. Okay? Mother Nature should be the most humbling thing for humans because Mother Nature don't care what race you are.


Mother Nature don't care about your sexuality, your religion, your political party, hurricane Milton is going to come f things up and then leave and You know who has to help put that community back together, the people and in moments like, like that. It don't matter what your differences are because the goal is the same and the goal is to simply survive. That's it. Okay? That is the disconnect. All right? You need that is the disconnect between elected officials and people. You need public servants that care about just people because the people don't care about politics. I keep trying to tell folks when they talk to me about You know black men and why black men aren't engaged in the political process or why You know black men might be gravitating towards Trump. This is not a race thing, it's, it's, it's not a political party thing.


It's a class thing. And people who are out here living check to check people who are out here just trying to survive You know they're, they're just tied to getting their ass kicked. So they're probably just, they're just disengaged from the whole political process period. You know why, because people who live in these ghettos, in these inner cities, people from these rural areas in the south whose conditions have been the exact same, regardless of who's in office on a federal and local level, they could care less. They could care less about politics and knows are the people these elected officials don't see. We had a call this morning from a brother who is currently in Tampa. His name is Tone and Hurricane Milton, this category five monster that meteorologists say they would label a category six if they could, but five is the highest it goes.


Tone just finished dealing with Hurricane Helene and now Hurricane Milton is coming. If. you think he cares about politics at a time like this? You're insane. But he said it better than I could ever do. I ever could. Let's listen to Tony. It don't matter what They is, Democrat, republican, they all treason, man. They all about money, bro. None. These people care about American people, bro. This hurt, bro. This hurt, bro. People wake up every day, just want to live their life, bro. And you got these snakes, man. You got these reedy snakes call themselves government service people, bro. And they don't give a damn bro. They don't give a damn about the migrant coming over here. They using them too, man.


It's right man. You absolutely right my brother now, I can't wait, man. That man said he can't wait until God come back. You think he care about you damn elected officials. He don't care about none, y'all. He waiting for God to come back because y'all have failed him so much in his life. Ron, while you worried about politics, people are in pain while you trying to score political points with your constituents. People are hurting. And until we have true public servants on both sides who put the people over politics, things will never change. Please give Governor Ron DeSantis the biggest hee-haw.


Yeah, That call earlier. Morgan was in here crying. I thought her glasses was just too Tight. No, no. She was in there crying, was crying, was Tearing up. She was crying. I felt, I mean, yeah. Well, let's open up the phone lines. Thank you for that DONKEY. Today What? I felt really bad. I felt, I felt really, really bad. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Salute to a friend of mine. He's out in Tampa. He just says, yo, I'm hunkered down crazy. He says, three hospitals have been evacuated. They've been sending patients to Miami. He says, we are hoping for the best. He said his house was built up to date, but they've never seen anything like that. He said he's on a dirty side of the eyewall. I don't know what that means, but he's on a dirty side of the eyewall. He just says, I'm angry, just like that.


Call from Tampa. He said, he's right. He says, so far the rain is, and and wind is mild, but it's picking up. And You know. We're expecting for the worst later on. By the way, there's nothing you can do with a natural disaster. Like no political party created a natural disaster. But it's all about how people react once that natural disaster happens. Like You know. I saw speak of the house, Mike Johnson. I was watching him on something last night and he was like, the house is in recess. They'll, they'll deal with the aid and everything when they come back after 30 days. You know how long. 30 days is too long after the election. Too long, like, like, come on Bro. The dirty side of the eye wall just lifted up. It just means he's, he's where it's gonna hit real bad at. So they use the, the eye of the storm to determine where it's gonna be worse.


So the dirty side of the eyewall is where the winds will tend to be the strongest. The dirty side falls over Tampa Bay. Yeah. So, all right. Again, pray for Tampa, Man. Pray for your family. Everybody, Everybody Be in this hurricane. I spoke to, I spoke to a lot of people. Asked about my son. I spoke to him about what? About 20 minutes ago. He FaceTimed me. He said it was, it hasn't even rained yet there yet. He said it hasn't rained. He says people have left. He said the streets are very quiet. Not too many people there. He said there's not too much food in, in the, in any of these grocery stores. But he's okay. He actually had to go to practice. So he's honest way to practice. I don't why, practice. Practice. Yeah. I don't know why this school is still having practice, but he still has practice. I know Miami, university of Miami.


Y'all ain't no real hurricane. The real hurricane coming. Hell you mean practice. That's what I said, my it gonna be Fight. Might not even be a game. Or is the game home on away this weekend? I think it's, I think it's away. I think it's Atlanta. I think he's, I think it's Atlanta. All right, well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll take your calls. What's your thoughts? Call us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.