
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a Read, but you're so good at it. You Trying To be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who You giving Dusty today too? Now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY of for Wednesday, August 21st goes to a 28-year-old woman named Isha Cobbs. Isha Hale's from Portage, Indiana. Never heard of the place. We're dropping a cruise bomb from Portage, Indiana. And like most Americans, she's always looking for a way to save a dollar or two. Always looking for a discount. And. I, don't blame her because times is hard out here. Okay, If, you are blessed to have some food on the table and a roof over your head. You are winning. Don't let nobody tell you different drop on a cruise bombs for everybody who got food on their table and a roof over their head.


That is a blessing. I know things get hard sometimes and we all just trying to figure it out, doing our best. But trust me when I tell you that success is subjective and If, you got food on on the table and a roof over your head and you are happy, then you are winning. Simple as that. Well, Isha Cobbs was trying to win, okay? She was trying to be happy. See Shaa Cobbs was trying to do what all Americans out here doing and that's feeding their families, okay? Shahana was sitting at home minding her business and she got a download. By download. I mean, she was probably watching TV one and saw a commercial for one of the world's largest casual dining brands. Applebee's drop on the cruises bombs for Applebee's Neville ever will out front on Applebee's, okay? On the come up of this thing called life, I have had some amazing times in Applebee's.


Salute the Applebee's on Rivers Avenue in North Charleston, South Carolina, right across from Norfolk's Mall. Salute the Applebee's in Mons Corner, South Carolina, right O right over there on EA Dennis Boulevard. Those mozzarella sticks, those boneless buffalo wings. That chicken case today with some fries. What you talking about? Okay, I got nothing but love for Applebee's and so does Hansa. She went there with two other adults and several juveniles, okay? A bunch of hungry ass little kids, and she tried to game the system. She tried to take advantage of Applebee's. All You, Can Eat. Okay, All You, Can Eat 1599 Special. You heard about it, huh? Now I thought it was 14.99, but it must have went up a little. But price and participation always do vary. But yes, since earlier this year, for a limited time, guests can enjoy an unlimited feast of All, You, Can, Eat, boneless wings, ribblets, and double crunch shrimp for 14 point 99 when you dine in the restaurant.


Okay, dine in only no orders to go. Well, Isha came in to dine with her clan. Remember what I said? Two other adults and several juveniles, and she ordered one. All You Can Eat. Special, okay, one order of All, You, Can, Eat, boneless wings, All, You, Can, Eat ribblets, All You, Can Eat, double crunch, shrimp, All, You Can, Eat fries, and endless, endless amounts of water. I'm sure now nothing else. What you mean? Nothing else. Don't act like you don't know how to bus down go. There was seven of them though. You know how to bust down. Go. Go ahead. That's why we're here today, ladies and gentlemen, because of the bus down, okay? Life was all good until the bill came. When the bill came, an Applebee's manager informed the group that each person would've to pay for one serving of the deal.


You know Shanice and company wasn't going for that because they had several juveniles. Several usually mean seven. And then it was two adults including Isha. So that bill at 1599 a pop was at minimum $159 and some change. Now, I know some of y'all out there just rich and got money to blow, but $159 in a restaurant is a luxury, a privilege that so many of us take for granted. If it's not, then how come Issa was in there trying to bust down the system? Okay, she was trying to game the system. Police were eventually called to the scene and dispatchers were warned ahead of time. They expect multiple females screaming and threatening people. Seesa didn't feel like she should have to pay no more than $16 because it was an All You, Can Eat special.


And they argued that the menu did not specify that the deal didn't cover the table. Well, that defense did not work, okay? Because the two words and those two words are per person, all right? I mean directly beneath the All, You, Can, Eat heading was the words per person in bold lettuce. Nothing left to sea here folks. Now, Issa clearly embarrassed. She was clearly embarrassed, so she stopped arguing with the police for a second just to argue with another couple who was probably staring at her You know chastising, probably laughing recording, told her, sit her po ass down somewhere. Okay? So she needs to started arguing with the couple. So police tried to calm her down and when she wouldn't, they locked her ass up, arrested her for disorderly conduct, all because she was trying to do what all Americans want to do, and that's eat and eat good.


Let me tell you something, man. If I was governor of Indiana, I would Pardon Issa. All right? There should definitely be consequences. There are actions, but jail time is a bit excessive. See, here's the thing I told y'all earlier, going out to eat is a luxury a lot of people can't afford nowadays, but going out is also something that brings people joy. Imagine having a bunch of kids who are hungry and they all saying they wanna go to Applebee's, and all you wanna do as a parent is make that happen for them. So it's a combination of hunger and making your kids happy. Think about how happy you were as a child when your parents have some extra money to take you somewhere. Those red times when they told you they don't got it at the house, right? Okay, mom, I want McDonald's. We got McDonald's at the house. One of the greatest lies ever told, okay?


Right up there with white Jesus and Santa Claus was, there's McDonald's at the house. Never in the history of life has someone had the golden arches at the house, okay? So to be able to take your kids out, order a meal from a restaurant, that's a blessing. And Shan wanted to provide that experience for her kids. So I would've gave her a community service or something, make her work at Applebee's and didn't let her take the free food home to the kids. On another note, this is the reason that at the DNC, the vp, Kamala Harris has to talk about the issues during her speech. The Obamas were last night, they preached their message of hope. I get it, but hope is the bare minimum. I understand why it's important to have hope. Hope is like when you first see the All, You, Can, Eat commercial for Applebee's. Okay? Shisha had hope, all right?


Once she saw that commercial hope, okay? That was like a glimpse of light in the darkness. She saw an opportunity to bring joy to people she loved and hope is great. Okay? You know hope is great. They've been trying to get us, they trying to feed us hope and fear. They've been trying to get us to vote out fear in regardless to Trump. I mean, they're always trying to get us to vote out fear, but not being able to feed your kids, not being able to make your kids happy is scary and in Trump. But now that we have given people the fear, we've given them hope, it's time for Vice President Harris to bring it home by talking about actual issues. The number one issue is the economy. The message she's pushing about rebuilding the middle class. It starts with All, You, Can, Eat, mozzarella sticks. Okay? I'm serious. After you pay your bills, after you pay your rent, your childcare, after you pay for your life, do you have anything left over for a little bit of joy?


That's what these politicians don't understand. Folks need a couple dollars for joy. That is part of rebuilding the middle class. What type of world do we live in when a person can't enjoy the double crunched cri at Applebee's just because they want to? Mm. So even know what Sia did is stupid. I understand the circumstances that got her there, but some DONKEY of today is just SEL themselves. Please give Sia Cobbs the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY. The day You feel some Gristle Room got heavy wobble, wobble room.


Got Heavy little G gristle on the bone. Turn That up a little bit Here. Big Mac. What's up Mack? Yeah, I just, the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee. Yeah, Of course. I just wanted to add to, first off, you spoke that eloquently. Okay, And I. Just wanted to add people. We should probably watch the wording it. If it's All, You, Can, Eat, then it should be that not All You. Can Eat here. You have to say that because there's plenty of times where I try to all I can eat and they judge me for the amount. 'cause I hear that and it's a personal challenge to me. But You have to be specific and say All You, Can Eat here. Okay, at Applebee's at Olive Garden.


Okay? Because If, you don't, I'm gonna think I can all, I can eat Anywhere. Don't you think she was wrong though, to try to buy one All You Can Eat order for nine 10 people? No. No, I do not. You know. Dang. Well, you ain't buying just one. First off, I count as two people. So technically four Four, I'm allowed to four, three and a half. Three And Impossible Three and Impossible three and Impossible is crazy. The Spades game is crazy You. Know what I mean? So technically you can't judge me for what I do with my food because I've technically count as three and a Half. Oh yeah. Buffet hate to see you coming. All, You, Can, Eat special hate to see Big Mac coming. You shut down the restaurant. Oh my God. They like stone cold. Steve, Austin, you hear that glass breaking? Yeah. When they say for a limited time only, that's what they mean.


Tell people like Mac start walking in, they give them A tire, like how they put the chalk on your tire when you park, you walk in, they mark 'em. Man, Too many 300 plus pounder is coming in. That's when the limited time stops. Y Y'all don't wanna play a game. No, I don't wanna play a game. Okay. Why do you wanna play a game? I'm just curious. No, you're not curious. All right. You know exactly. You know exactly what racist person is. I'm not even mad at sis though because the older I get the the more, oh sis, the more you saying she black. How You know matter. I don't care what color she is. I understand. The older I get, the more I feel. You got food at home. It's expensive. It is expensive. And she got it is multiple people with her. She probably got kids with her. They wanna eat everything. They wanna, No, but it's the joy of going out. That's what I mean when I say like You know.


People just want need a little bit of extra money for Joy. You just wanna be able to go out to a restaurant and enjoy a little quick a hundred dollars, $200 meal with your family. Envy. You still stuck on what race she is? No. Okay. No, but I mean, she tried to get over on the system. I Mean, she knew what she was doing. List they obviously out of, out of, I think she one of us and they owe us out of need. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.