
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Black History Month is here, and we're excited to kick off season four of I Didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. This season we're shining a spotlight on revolutionary women who redefined excellence. Give Grace, wisher her flowers. Next time you see the American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. Listen to I didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. From the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or simply wherever you get your podcast,


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every Day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen,


DONKEY of the Day. Damn the He haw it's time for DONKEY of the Day. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called DONKEY of the Day, and it really caught me off guard. Damn Shalem ain. Who got the DONKEY of today? Today, well, just hilarious DONKEY of today for Thursday, February 6th goes to a Wisconsin woman named Kayleigh b Brater. Kayleigh is 22 years old, which means our prefrontal cortex is not fully developed. Okay? Your prefrontal cortex is the reasoning center of your brain, and hers is still cooking. Okay? Not scheduled to be done until at least the age of 25.


All right? This isn't my feelings. This isn't an opinion. This is scientific facts, okay? The prefrontal cortex is responsible for executive functions like decision making and planning and prioritizing and controlling impulses. I want you to remember the controlling impulses part, okay? I want you to remember this when you hear Kaylee's story, because the prefrontal cortex helps process emotions like anger, fear, and aggression. All of that matters in this situation because Kaylee is facing a charge of first degree reckless injury because she decided that she needed to stab her fiance. Oh my, what are you talking about Uncle Charlotte? Well, let's go to Fox six news for the report, please. A Brookfield Woman is charged for stabbing her boyfriend over a wedding venue.


22-year-old Kaylee Brater is charged with first degree reckless injury. The incident happened last Wednesday. Now, according to the criminal complaint, officers went to a home in Brookfield for a domestic incident. A victim says he was stabbed in the neck by his girlfriend. He says they had a disagreement about possibly using their house as a wedding venue, and she attacked him without warning. She used a knife. Detective say he had four injuries. The victim admitted to hitting B brater Damn Bridezilla groomzilla. This chick don't know whether she wants to be Beyonce or the bride of Chucky. Now, the victim did admit to hitting Kaley, so she probably was justified to identify as a Puerto Rican and stab him, but it's about how this escalated that is causing me to give this young lady DONKEY of the day.


Now, throughout my life, I've seen struggles with in-laws depicted on TV and in films. I've never had those problems in real life envy. Have you? No. Jess, have you Uhuh? Yeah. I, I don't know what it feels like to not like my in-laws, but I would think that a dispute over a wedding venue wouldn't result in violence. And what happened in this situation, the young lady, Kaley and the the, the fiance's mother were texting, And I guess the mother didn't like the wedding venue, but the mother-in-law really has no say over where you choose to have your wedding. If she not paying for it or contributing financially in any way to our wedding, the only thing she needs to know is where to be.


And I'm gonna show you these screenshots and text messages from your mom so you can call your mother and get her in check, because I don't want to hear anything from her in regards to where we are doing our wedding. I don't know what the argument, you know, was about after she got off the phone with his mother, but I can guess, and the argument probably was about Kaylee setting boundaries with his mother. And no man wants to hear their fiance tell them that he needs to get his mom under control. Okay? The reality is mama probably don't like her. All right? Mama knows her prefrontal cortex isn't fully developed. She knows that that girl don't got it all. And you, Kelly proved her right. What I don't understand is why you stab your fiance If you got a problem with his mother, right?


Would you cut him and said, F you and the vagina you come from? Boy, no. That's not the way to do that. And this is yet another reason. I know your prefrontal cortex isn't fully developed because your decision making is flawed. You got a problem with your fiance's mother. You don't stab the fiance. You stab his mom. Oh my God, no, that's, that's actually not what I wanted to say. What I wanted to say is this is why we must all develop better conflict resolution skills. And the reality is, Kaylee, you and your fiance are not ready to be married, okay? In fact, you both shouldn't even be together. This is just a toxic relationship. You and the mom arguing and then you go grab a knife and attack your fiance because of a argument that you was having with his mom.


And you said you was acting outta fear that you thought your fiance would hit you. Now, I'm no Dr. Gen man, and that's fine because y'all don't need couples therapy. In fact, you need a exorcism, okay? This union is not of the Lord. I can sense when the devil is present. If I could pray in tongues right now, I would, but I can't. But Jessica, Robin Moore can. Jessica, you are of the Lord, please put your hands on this couple and speak in tongues for them please. Coming in a Honda, amen. Amen. For them, and that Honda, please give Kaylee Brater the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons.


You're the dog of the day. Now, Jess, I'm not going to ask you what God put on your spirit to say to these people, but I do wonder, why did the Lord have to come in a Honda just now? 'cause you, during when you were speaking in tongues, you said that he was coming in a Honda. That's it. See, it is. It's the the Holy Ghost. It takes over. You don't know what you're saying. You just have to allow God to use you. And maybe they have a Honda, And I didn't know that, but, But I believe Hondas are of the Lord. 'cause Hondas last forever. You ain't ne Hondas last forever. Eternal life. You hear me? Put that out for worse. You see what I'm saying?


Okay. All right. Well, thank you for that DONKEY today, period. Yes. Now just fix my mess. Get on the phone lines right now if you're having issues, relationship problems, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast


Club. Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now,


Black History Month is here, and we're excited to kick off season four of I Didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. This season, we're shining a spotlight on revolutionary women who redefined excellence, give Grace, wisher her flowers. Next time you see the American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. Listen to, I didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. From the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or simply wherever you get your podcast, Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors.


It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine.


A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen, I.