
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five Casino.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


I'm a DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY. DONKEY. Everything That Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY today for Tuesday, September 24th, goes to a Tennessee woman named Melody Sasser. Melody is 48 years old and she attempted to hire a hit man to kill the wife of a man she met on a dating website. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to WBIR Channel 10. Put a report please. The woman who hired a hitman to kill another woman will spend more than eight years in prison. Melody Sasser was arrested last year after authorities say she hired the hitman on a website called Online Killer's Market.


She paid the hitman $10,000 in Bitcoin to kill the wife of a man she met on an online dating site. The 48-year-old provided pictures of the woman and location information. Sasser must also pay more than $5,000 to the victim. I really feel sorry for single people in 2024. I don't knock anyone who is on these dating websites You know If. you want, I just felt If you. I felt something in here. Could you stop being so sensitive? I don't even know what you're talking about. If. you want If? you want to go on eHarmony bumble OkCupid match.com. Lauren, what's your favorite Christian Mingle?


I don't do none of them. I don't do none of them. Christian Mingle. Try Christian Mingle. All I'm saying is I Don't know if my Bal intake will allow me on Christian Mingle. Oh, pray over the pray over the tequila before you get on there. That's all. All I'm simply saying is I don't knock anyone from being on these websites, but it truly can't do anything but complicate the dating process. Now this is what I don't understand about Melody's request. The news report says the man met Sasser met her prior to his marriage. Melody, listen to what I just said. He met you prior to his marriage, meaning that If, you were a match for him. If he really wanted to be with you, then you both probably would've been together. Clearly, this man was looking for what he currently has a wife.


Clearly he wanted to be in a long-term, committ committed relationship. It just wasn't with you, melody. So what would be the reason to get this man's wife killed? Do you believe that If, you You know, get her out of the way, then it will make room for you. That's not how any of this works. And furthermore, why are people having customer service conversations with online killers Market? I'm telling you right now, okay. Your Uncle Charlotte gets on this radio. And, I tell y'all all the time, every day of our lives we are simply trying to avoid crazy, nothing more, nothing less. We trying to avoid being crazy ourselves, but more importantly, we are trying to avoid the crazy in others. This man is out living his best life with his new wife. Just think about that. Just he just living You know.


They just going about their daily routines minding their business and it's somebody out there with $10,000 on her head for no reason other than she met you on match.com before you met your wife. And she has an obsession with you paid $9,750 in Bitcoin to have your wife killed and she customized her order. It needed to appear like an accident. She said to avoid suspicion of criminal activity and then she complained for two months and 11 days to the online killer's market that the job is not completed. She literally said to them two weeks ago you said it, it was being worked on and it would be done in a week. The job is still not done.


Does it need to be assigned to someone else? Can I choose another killer? I don't want to use Michael Mayers no more is Jason Vo. He's available. I know that Kruger guy only works nice, but he is he a potentially available law enforcement searched her home. They found a journal listing several other hitman websites. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I guarantee all of these Hitman websites are operated by law enforcement and please, law enforcement, whether it's the F-B-I-D-E-A, someone please let me sit in one day. I just want to sit in and watch y'all react to the foolishness that is on the internet. I really do because you gotta be a different level of stupid to go on a website to order a hit on somebody.


Can you imagine going to a app to order a hit on somebody? Murder Eats is crazy. Imagine Death Dash delivering to the wrong address. Hmm. Listen, one of the hardest things in life is letting go Melody. Whether it's guilt, anger, love loss or betrayal, change is never easy. I understand. We fight to hold on and we fight to let go. Melody, you should have let go, but now you got the next a hundred months in prison to think about it and she gotta pay more than $5,300 in restitution to the victim. And nobody can say she didn't earn it. Please give Melody Sassa the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons You you of the day.


I have a question. I have a question. So she met him before his marriage? Yes. Oh boy. What was the timeframe in between? They met and then he went and got married. Doesn't matter. She wasn't the one. Mm. It doesn't matter. She wasn't the one. All she got was a hundred months. That'd Be the problem. That's over eight years. What you mean all she got? Get more than that. Trying to Kill somebody. I do too. You Know. Be single. You Wanna play a game? Yes. Play a game. Let's do you wanna play a game? I do. Let's play a game of guess what Ratios. All Right, gimme my clues. Melody Sasser, 48 years old attempted to hire a hitman to kill the wife of a man she met on a dating website and she only got eight years in prison.


Guess what ratios Lauren Osa. She white Only Eight years. Okay. Okay. Is this something you would do, Lauren? I'm not hiring no hit man. You Do it yourself. Ask me now. Should hire Somebody from Delaware. DJ Envy. Yes. Melody is 48 years old and she attempted to hire a hit man to kill the wife of a man she met on a dating website and she only got eight years in prison. Guess what ratio Is white? Why you think she's white? Well, she only got eight years. Okay, same. I would like to tell Lauren LaRosa and DJ Envy that both of y'all are absolutely positively correct. Yay.


I knew it. Melody sa, 38 years old Tennessee. She is Capital Riot White. Look at her. There she is. Look at her. Well, thank you so much. Okay, got, she Would love to know the timeline though. She's got An introduction or two and it's make Right. Don't be on this dating app, acting single and you not If, you marry somebody like two weeks after we, That's the point. You can't Try to kill. We could have never been dating me. First of all, you making this up? We don't know how long it was. Okay, so where do you get this two weeks from? I just feel like it was a short period of time. Why? 'cause why did she so crazy? That's what be trying to stop. What y'all feelings. You stop putting your feelings on people. We don't know the facts Now you posting pictures, facts and I'm like, where you at? Not facts. You getting married? No, I'm at the all white party. Like I just what? Mm, what's next?


Wow. Right. Okay. Somebody got triggered. Very triggered. Somebody's on Bumble typing ferociously right now. Don't y'all be in hell? Married. Okay. With relationships, looking for matches. Do you have a Bubble account? Why are you No, I don't have any of those accounts on any of those places. I think that it's weird. No, I don't. Why would you be on a, You never had one of those accounts? Never. I think that, that's so weird. I, I swear I've never been on a dating app. But why would you be on a dating app If, you if You know that you're about to be married to somebody. You have someone that your life Know victim getting this from. We know that just, he Just rolled over and was like, I wanna marry this lady. Michelle You know this. You're making all of this up.


We, none of this was happened in the store. There's a Lot that leads up to wanting to marry somebody. Calm down. You knew you was on your way to marriage, so why would you come into my Life this ulu Lemon, Lolo. I don't care. Call me whatever you want. Come back. Don't come in. My life Is joining us. I'm so frustrated. Why? You need the shot. People Be lying. It's like, why would you Oh, trick us, trick us. I, I, I, I triggers Listen who's lied to you before? Do, do you need somebody to talk to? I have a great therapist you can talk to. I don't trust nobody coming anywhere from You. I have great recommendations. All right.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast


Club High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino


with Lucky Land Sluts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary BGW could avoid. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Ready to elevate your game and connect with marketing's most influential leaders. Unlock your impact on culture at Black Week, October 15th through the 18th in New York City. Black Week is an economic forum and marketing conference created for and by Black and Latine top level executives in media, entertainment, tech, and more designed to inspire visionary professionals to lead with purpose. Black Week will redefine our economic profile in the market. Register now at Black week.co/register Black Week 2024. Claim your spot.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation, Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.