
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. C Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's AT&T's Best Deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an ATT store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Damn, Charlemagne who got the DONKEY today? Today, well, just hilarious. DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, August 27th goes to a young woman named Zaire, j Dennis, I think I'm pronouncing her name right. She's 24 years old of Millville, New Jersey, and she was recently accused of defiant, trespassing and violating two city ordinances, ordinances, how you pronounce that? Ordinances. Ordinances. Okay, I know what you're thinking. Charlemagne can't pronounce nothing. But also you're thinking trespassing. Uncle Charla. Really? People violate city. What is it? Ordinances. You saying it right? You just say like H At the end. 'cause or Ordinance. Ordinance. People violate city ordinances every day.


B. Okay, well wait until you hear where she was trespassing at. Let's go to A, B, C. Let's go to six A, B, C. News, Philly for the report. Police. A South Jersey woman is now facing charges After police say video shows her climbing into a zoo. Enclosure. 24-year-old Zaire Dennis is facing one count of defiant trespassing. Police say she hopped a fence and entered a restricted area with the tigers. This at the Cohan Zoo in Bridgeton. Authorities say she then enticed one of the 500 pound Bengal tigers by putting her hand through the wire enclosure. No one was hurt, but now Dennis is officially facing charges. Lions, tigers, bears. Oh, my desire.


Thought she was detective, Lieutenant Marcus Miles, Bennett, and bad boys. Ride or die. You don't believe you can die, huh? Okay. What reason, other than possibly being high on fentanyl or some type of drug, would you jump into a cage at the zoo? Ma'am? Do you realize tigers are ambush predators? Okay, that primarily hunt large prey like wild boars and deers, but they also have a taste for monkeys, buffalo slot beds, leopards, and even crocodiles. So what would make you believe that a tiger wouldn't make an entree outta you? Okay, you jumping into a tiger's cage at the zoo and the tiger is thinking, well damn dinner delivered itself today. Okay, you jumping into a tiger cage is literally the animal version of Uber Eats.


All right, Tiger's like, I didn't know what to takeout, but today I'll make an exception. You know what I really dislike about stories like this though? If that tiger would've made a meal outta you, they would've killed the tiger. Okay? Why would you kill a tiger for being a tiger If? you was a human jump in a cage with a tiger. I'm just going to assume you volunteering to be a value meal. Okay? Zaire, did you lose a bet? Are you trying to go viral thrill seeking? Did you want to see what it feels like to be a Whopper Junior? I don't know what the issue is with you. Okay, now, I don't like zoos either. Okay? Zoos are animal prisons, and there's a reason that they keep these animals in cages at the zoo. It's because they're actually wild animals, okay? Razor shop, razor sharp claws, bite force that snaps bones like twigs.


These aren't house cats. And. I believe that because of Frosted Flakes and Tony the Tiger folks have this perception of tigers, and they think tigers are sweet and it's all fun and games. Until you in the digestive system of this apex predator, what happened to common sense? How many times has this woman watched the life of pie to think this was a good idea? Okay, life of pie came out, what? 12 years ago. Zaire is 24, so that's half her age. I can see her watching this as a child and having it stuck in her mind that one day she too will form an unexpected bond with a tiger. But Zaire, this ain't a movie, ma'am. Okay? You not gonna miraculously tame this wild beast and walk away, not a snack. Peta, where y'all at?


Okay. This is when y'all supposed to be on someone like Zia's ass because she's endangering the lives of animals that are already in zoo prison, and we don't need copycats, okay? Because these animals minding their business, and then people start jumping in they cages, all right, I'm a tiger. I see you Applebee's. All you can eat, buffet. Now I get put down after enjoying a delicious treat because you decided you, ma'am, human not to use common sense. Please give desire. J Dennis the biggest chaw. Oh no, you won. We have somebody new running the boards. You wanna play a game? I ain't letting this place stretch me out. All right. You know how bootleg this place can be.


You want, you want, you wanna, you wanna play a game? Sure would love to. Let's play a game of yes. What race? Alright. Alright. Desire, j Dennis, 24 years old of Millville, New Jersey jumped into a tiger's cage at the zoo. DJ Envy? Yes. What race? Latino. Oh, ment. Why do you think she Latino? I don't know. Okay. I don't know. You Just thought she's Latino. I Just knew he didn't have the music. And. I just wanted to see what he was gonna do for okay, for not having the music. Lauren LaRosa, JRJ Dennis, 24 years old of Millville, New Jersey, decided to jump into the little tiger's cage at the zoo.


Guess what? Re ratios. Giving a little mayonnaise. Little mayonnaise. Little mayonnaise. Shake it Off. Shake it off. No, that's not it. That's not I'm What you was saying. Say shake It. Shake it off, shake it off. Shake it off. All right. Yeah. Okay. Envy. DJ Envy. Lauren LaRosa. I want you both to know that you are absolutely positively wrong. Oh, desire j Dennis down down is black. Oh man, she black. Yeah, she black. She's Black. Like her edges is laid. You see What I'm saying? She jumped over that bitch. She must have just been having a day. She pretty too. She might need some help. Pretty, She wanted to Pet the Tiger. It might be more serious than what we understand y'all. What you mean? Because Did she do it for the grin?


I don't know why she did it. Look at her for TikTok. Look at her trying to feed the tiger. She pretty young Girl. Pretty pretty. 24. Say she pretty like, like, like why? What this have to do with anything pretty. People make better decisions or something. I mean, I ain't gonna say that. I'm just saying If you ugly. We can understand why you want get eaten. I can't eat but it pretty girl to be doing stuff like this. Yeah. Okay. All right. That ponytail is late. Alright. Look Brandon, it's your age Girl. You know he don't like black women. You know Brandon. Brandon wanna heat em more than the tiger, right? Brandon Was interested when they, when I go, when I said it was mayonnaise. Oh yeah, I forgot. Yeah, that ain't Brandon. Taste all right. Yeah. I'm sorry, Brandon. Like white meat. Okay. Black man from Ghana that like white meat. So Like we said, our producers are out, both of our producers are out.


So it's been kind of hectic up here the last couple of days. That's why you haven't heard the sound effects. Now. DVD with the subtitles is crazy. The reason I do this, 'cause we just got another one. So Big Mac, our producer sent us this as a topic. He says, more women in the US are skipping college for vocational schools and pursuing careers as electricians, car mechanics and drivers. He's saying that people feel that men are the new, or sorry, women are the new men. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are men becoming too soft that women have to take on traditional men roles? A lot of women not wearing deodorant nowadays either, so they be musty. So that's a great vocation. I like the fact that they're vocational.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are men becoming too soft that women are now taking on traditional roles? I Don't think you got to do with me and salt. I just think the women's smarter. They know where the money at. Yeah, but listen, let me tell you, that's why I said whoa. 'cause like that is a little, that's a bit of a stretch. It's a $2 billion. Why? Looking at me. That's, That's him. Mack. Mack, okay. You Go look in. It's, that question was a little biased. Just a little bit. Yeah. I don't like this the way you, it's the way you worded it. It's a $2 billion industry. Yeah. I mean, I'm sorry. It's people are $2 billion on in debt. People. I don't what you're talking about, right? Saying People. People not going to traditional schools anymore because the amount of debt. Because customers, The investment is not worth for. You're saying, and we'll take calls when we come back.


I went to a vocation Jordan. Welder Jordan called 5 0 5. Now Jordan. Jordan is a welder that listens to us all the time. She been listening to us for years. She make a lot of money. That's Right. And we'll talk about when we come back. It's the breakfast slogan. Morning DONKEY Today is brought to you by the law office of Michael s LAIs. Soft. Don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened.


It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now Back to the Funk. Come.