
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know, and there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there,


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


In this selection, we each face a question. What kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America, and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris, for President.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo, usher, and Tyler and K's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, A Coke, zero sugar, 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I DONKEY. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm DONKEY. Yes, DONKEY. You're a DONKEY. DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. DONKEY of the day for Thursday, September 19th calls the Arkansas governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Now, governor Sanders was speaking at a rally for former president Donald Trump, and she said that the vice president Kamala Harris lacks humility because she said, Kamala lacks something that keeps people humble. What is that thing? What is that thing that the VP lacks that keeps people humble? Governor Sanders, what's the news report, right? What is it? What? No, but I don't have none. Oh, let's go to the news report.


You can walk into a room like this where people cheer when you step onto the stage and you might think for a second that you're kind of special. Then you go home and your kids remind you very quickly, you're actually not that big of a deal. My sweet daughter reaches up, pat's my shoulder and says, it's okay, mommy. One day you can be pretty too. So my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything. Keeping her humble. Well, that's news to me ladies. Lauren, did You know that kids are a permanent reminder of what's important and they keep you humble and If you don't have any, then you don't know what's important in life and you're not humble.


I Know what's important in life and I'm very humble. Mm. Tara said, you can walk into a room, You know like this, where she was, where people cheer. When you step onto the stage and you might think for a second that you're kind of special, then you go home and your kids remind you very quickly, you're actually not that big of a deal. Interesting because I think differently. In fact, I don't care about the validation of others, I don't care about the love of others. I appreciate it. But what I actually care about is the love of my family, okay? I don't care what strangers think of me, I care about what my family thinks of me. So if my family loves day daddy, if my wife loves her husband, I'm on cloud nine, okay? Though nothing in life gasps me up like them, okay? When you see me showing up as my full self head held high commanding respect, it's because of what I represent and what I represent is my family.


So my family makes me feel like I am a big deal. Okay? Sarah, if your family doesn't make you feel like a big deal is probably because they don't respect you, okay? And you make it very easy saying, foolish ass self-hate and statements like the one you made. Okay? Yes. This statement is self-hate because you are a woman. So what you basically did was co-op misogynistic talking points from the JD Vance of The World in an attempt to marginalize women and make them feel less than for not having kids. Can I give you some stats, mate? Lemme give you some stats, mate. I did some research, and by research I mean Google and chat GPT. Google told me in 20 20, 46 0.8% of women in America were childless chat.


GPT told me in the most recent data from the US Census Bureau, that about 15 to 16% of women aged 40 to 44 childless, 97.2% of women between the ages of 15 and 19 were childless the highest by any age group. And I understand that. That makes complete sense. You shouldn't be pregnant between 15 and 19, but 18 years old, you can vote. So I just wonder what a young 18-year-old, 19-year-old woman thinks when they're told they're childless cat ladies and they lack humility and don't know what's important because they don't have kids. Not to mention a lot of young girls leader Taylor Swift, okay? She also called herself a childless cat lady. All right? What will they feel when they hear their leader taking on us saying that?


Okay, 68.1% of women who didn't graduate from high school were childless. The highest percentage of any education group, 50.6% of women, of all other races in race combinations were childless. 48.1% of Asian women were childless. And 47.7% of white women who are non-Hispanic were childless. Childlessness can vary, okay? It's based on all types of factors, education level, career focus, socioeconomic status. What I'm getting at here, okay? I am simply saying, Sarah Huckabee Sandis, okay, young Huck, why are you in the GOP? So hell bent on pissing off one of the largest populations of voters in America? Women, okay? Donald Trump already has a woman's voters problem.


No, not the man who takes credit for overturning Roe v. Wade, not the man who appointed three far-right? Supreme Court judges who voted to overturn Roe v. Wade. You mean the man who brags about taking away a woman's right to choose is having a problem with women's, with women's voters. Not the man who talks like this about women. But what I did is something for 52 years, they've been trying to get Roe v Wade into the states, and through the genius and and heart and strength of six Supreme Court justices, we were able to do that. Each individual state is voting. It's the vote of the people now. It's not tied up in the federal government. I did a great service in doing it.


It took courage to do it. Well, Should the woman be punished for having an abortion? Look, I would say that it's a very serious problem, and it's a problem that we have to decide on is it's very, but you're banning it. Are you gonna say, well, wait, are you gonna say put them in jail? Is that, well, Now what I'm asking you about because you say you wanna ban it, it's that mean I would, I am against, I am pro-life. Do you believe in, but you're, do you believe In punishment for abortion? Yes or no? As a principle, The answer is that there has to be some form of punishment for the womans. Yeah, there has to be some form. Jesus Christ. Then you got his running mate talking like this. This is JD Vance. We're effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made.


And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. If. you look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, A OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. Pete has kids. Pete got two kids. Yes, he doesn't. Look, man, you're gonna need suburban women to win this election, but for some reason, you and your cronies are hell bent on pissing women off. And then you bring out women like Sarah Huckabee Sanders to further reinforce the women. What they already know and believe in that is you shouldn't be in the White House. And what's ironic about Sarah Hucker B, the statements is she's the one not being humble. When you are humble, you don't think you are better than others. And Sarah thinks she's better than the VP because she has biological kids and the VP doesn't.


And staying humble is never thinking that you are better than than than anyone else. Furthermore, Sarah Huckabee Sanders looks very easy to draw. Even If, you don't have any artistic abilities. All you have to do is pick up a pencil and you could draw Sarah Huckabee Sander's face. It's just a round face, dark eyes, strong jawline. Okay? She looks on a lot of levels, like the orange, angry emoji, And I. Can't quite put my fingers on it, but I feel like she could identify as a sandwich. A what? Something about Sarah Huckabee Sanders reminds me of a ham sandwich, just a plain, plain ham sandwich, no condiments.


Ironically, not even mayonnaise, just one piece of ham on two pieces of plain white bread. I can't explain it, but now that I've said it, I bet you can't unsee it. And I just drew it. You Just drew it, Right? Yep. This is the white bread. You can't tell me white bread. Come You know how dry that bread is. Show the camera. Look that, that, that, that is definitely Sarah Huck could be saying this. It took her six seconds. It took Lauren LaRosa six Seconds. I see her. See, Sarah could be saying that I see her. I want her to know I see her. That is her. Please. See, you see the hand? Yes. Okay. Please let Kathy Griffin give Sarah Huckabee sandis the biggest hee-haw. Please Give this giant jar of mail the biggest hee-haw.


I pulled out my artsy skills in a minute. You don't even have to have any to draw her. Was that a compliment or was that shape? A little bit of both. Okay. A little bit of both. Okay. It that ham is not boy head, right? 'cause boy head has a couple recalls recently That's, she needs to be recall. I think that this, I think this like government ham. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, ma'am. Up next. I'm sir, don't misgender me. 72 flavors of that booty Delicious bubble gum Asking Robin, Y'all Are, You ain't see that in the Diddy indictment. It said women and others. Others. I missed the others. Others. But I, I mean, God, I'm, I'm relying on my, my. Yeah, got you.


Your bros. Yeah. All right.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even have the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today, and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra processors.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


There's A lot of pros to drink in health aid kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste Pro pairs. Well with anything pro probiotic, that's a literal pro, and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple, Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it, and try Health Aid Kombucha today.