
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories, but hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling, and the shy is back. May 16th on Paramount Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Alina Wa, they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny, seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway.


Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today, panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may ascend, we never will say anything. Damn. Hey, on The Breakfast Club, in the words Of Charlamagne, God, he's a DONKEY that, Oh man, Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY of the day for Thursday, May 15th goes to 33-year-old Ashley Pardo from Texas, and she is a prime example of why all your kids' dreams don't need to be supported. Okay? It is perfectly fine to not believe in your kids and not support everything they want to do.


Why do we tell ourselves that lie? Like we have to do that. Okay? Some things you know our kids want to do can be dangerous. Some things our kids want to do can cause other people pain. Some things our kids want to do. You as a parent could be held liable for some things our kids want to do could be downright criminal, and that's when we as parents have to simply say, F your dreams. Okay. I'm not supporting this foolishness. Well, I don't know what type of parenting Ashley was practicing, but if this is an example of what gentle parenting is, then throw it out. It's simply no good. See, Ashley said that she supported her son's violent expressions. What are violent expressions? Uncle Sharla, and why would a mother support any of this? Well, for more information, let's go to Ksat News for the report, please.


Tonight, Being a mother is accused of supporting her son as he allegedly planned a violent attack at an S-A-I-S-D middle school. Not to be clear, that attack never happened, but now we're gonna show you who we're talking about. This right here is 33-year-old Ashley Pardo. She's being charged with aiding in commission of terrorism. Now, records show that she bought ammunition, magazines and tactical gear for her son who had expressed a desire to carry out acts of mass violence at Rhodes Middle School. San Antonio Police say that that student showed up to the school on Monday wearing a mask and camouflage jacket and also tactical pants, but left shortly after he got there, the student was later found off campus and charged with terrorism.


San Antonio, IST says, the school added extra security and also swept that campus for potential devices. By the way, this isn't the first time that that student had been in trouble with the law and with school. Police say that in the past, law enforcement, school leaders and child protective Services had approached Pardo about her son's behavior Every day. I understand why Jesus ain't come back. For what? Why? What would be Jesus' reason to come back to this crazy ass planet who ejaculated in this woman who shot this woman's club up? Everybody don't need to breed. We have to stop lying to each other. America. Everyone should not have the right to breed or raise a child. All I'm seeing is a generational pattern of foolishness.


Ashley clearly needed some help growing up, didn't get it, and now she's raising a young man who clearly has issues, who clearly needs some deep therapy, and he's not getting it because his mom is too busy encouraging his violent expressions. Look, if you want to encourage your child's violent expressions, right? You want to encourage your son's violent expressions. Let him go learn how to box MMA bad knuckle boxing. Let him go learn judo, karate. There's a bunch of ways this kid can go be violent, okay, Hal, let him go play football. There's a good chance he might end up being the next Aaron Hernandez, or he might just end up being a great defensive player with a nasty mean streak who loves to hit and get hit because of his violent expressions.


Okay? This is why it's perfectly okay to tell your little dumb ass kid that they can't be everything they want to be okay? You can't be anything you want to be. That language is too broad, okay? You can do anything. You put your mind to kids really well. I wanna be a mass shooter. Anything but that. She bought her son tactical gear in ammunition in exchange for babysitting his youngest siblings. Number one, you trusting him around your other children. Okay? Number two, you should have been spending money on his therapy and then spending money on whatever hand-to-hand combat he gravitated towards. Matter of fact, he was in middle school. Put him in ROTC and tell him 'em, Hey, when you're 18, you can enlist in the military.


Okay? Let him join one of those special forces or mercenary groups. There's a lot of ways he can express himself violently, but I cannot believe that I have to get on this radio and tell people that they shouldn't encourage or motivate their children to be mass shooters. Now, Ashley was charged with aiding in the commission of terrorism, and she was taken into custody on Monday and she earned it. Okay? Stop. Gentle parenting. All right. Gentle parenting sometimes blurs the line between kindness and permissiveness. And once again, I can't believe I have to tell you this, but you cannot give your kids permission to be mass shooters. Please let Remy ma give Ashley Pardo the biggest hee-haw.


Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Mm. What is The World coming To? What'd you think, Jess? Yo, you was crazy. All right, well, that, thank you for that DONKEY day talking about What's your thing? What you think. People look crazy. All right. Thank you for that Don of the day. Was That a, was that a Jay-Z impersonation? And I was impersonate Jess. That didn impersonate Jess. That didn't sound like Jess. No. Oh, He did sound like jz. Alright, well, up next is Jess. Fix my mess. He, he's crazy. What? That just sounded like you said. No. He did not say nothing, but no damn did he.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club, The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill, try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation.


To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Welcome to the W where elite athletes are redefining the game of basketball from buzzer beating shots, jaw dropping defense and logo threes. The WNBA delivers nonstop action and world class talent every game. These athletes don't just play the game they elevated. The New York Liberty are the reigning champions and the Golden State. Valkyrie are the newest team to join the league since 2008. Watch the WNBA this season on A-B-C-C-B-S-E-S-P-N ion and Prime starting May 16th. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.