
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the up in the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan, March 7th, only on Stars. In The Stars app.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang, Norbit, and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free, the Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now, pay Neva. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. Call DONKEY of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne, who got the DONKEY today? Today? Well, Jess, Hilarious DONKEY today for Thursday, March 6th, goes to a real estate agent named Stephanie Lovens. Now I'm gonna let you know right now the man AIDS is heavy on this story. Okay? Stephanie used to work for Century 21. We all know what Century 21 is, correct? Yes, big real estate company. Stephanie was a real estate agent there, but she isn't anymore. She got fired. Okay? She got fired because Stephanie was dining at a Mexican restaurant in Columbus, Ohio. Salute that everybody who listens to us on 1 0 6 0.7 to beat in Columbus, Ohio, dropping a cruise bombs for 1 0 6 0.7 Pete in Columbus, Ohio, thank you for listening to the World's Most Dangerous Morning show.


Now, before I tell you about Stephanie, I just need to remind you that since the start of President Trump's second term, thousands of undocumented migrants have been getting arrested and deported. We notice, okay, Tom Holman and Ice, ice Baby not playing, and there are a lot of undocumented migrants in this country who are scared to death. Okay? Ice has asked me to go on a couple of ride alongs. There is a part of me that wants to see for myself what is happening, how it's happening, so I can properly report on it. But let's just stick to the story. I just needed to remind you of what's going on in this country to give the proper context to this story. Okay? Stephanie Lovens was dining at a restaurant called Kala's Mexican Cantina, and she had a waiter named Ricardo.


Now, Ricardo is a US citizen, but who cares about that minor detail at a time like this? Okay, Stephanie got upset with Ricardo and she did this. Let's go to AB six news for report, please. Customers head into Kala's, Mexican cantina on East Broad Street just days after this photo was snapped of a receipt, a customer left behind Sunday that includes no tip and a hateful message reading you suck. I Hope Trump Deports You. I think it's despicable. You know that's not who America is. You know, we're all immigrants. Just hours after the photo of the $87 bill was posted to social media, it went viral. The restaurant Shane, not allowing a, b, c six to talk with employees, but in a statement telling us, in part we are deeply disappointed by the offensive message left on a recent receipt, which goes against our values and the welcoming environment we strive to create.


There is no place for hate in our restaurant, Can't talk to our employees. Everybody ain't got their papers. But in the signature section of her receipt, Stephanie wrote, I Hope Trump Deports You. This isn't fair to migrants, okay? Because a lot of Mexicans especially have just become the posty children for undocumented migrants, and that's not fair because most Mexican immigrants in the US are documented, but a significant number are not. But that does not give people like Stephanie to write the profile them. Now, I know what a lot of y'all are thinking because I was thinking it too. How bad was Ricardo's service that Stephanie wanted him deported? Like this just wasn't a random attack, was it? You just don't go from zero to deport him. Did he not bring the guacamole and chips to the table fast enough that she asked for no salt around the river of her margarita and Ricardo bought one with salt.


Anyway, she wrote, I Hope Trump Deports, You followed by zero. You suck. Zero is the amount of the tip that she wanted to leave. But how bad was the service that she did all of this? Did Ricardo not speak proper English? So there was miscommunication? I'm just trying to figure out, I was just trying to figure out how terrible a Mexican service must be if you want them deported. I'm gonna be honest, every encounter I've ever had with a Mexican in the service industry has been pleasant. Okay? Dropping the cruise bombs for all the Mexicans in the service industry. They are super friendly, respectful, very hospitable, warm, which is why they thrive in the service industry in this country. So how bad was Ricardo's service that Stephanie not only said, I Hope Trump Deports You, but you suck and got zero tip.


Well, if that's what you were thinking, that's wrong. That's not what happened. Stephanie decided to have a side of racism with her Chimi Chonga because the restaurant had a one coupon per table policy, one coupon per table. Let the record show that one coupon per table usually means one coupon per purchase so you can get one item. You can't use the coupon for the whole table. I know that's the where the discrepancy lied, but the reason Stephanie is getting DONKEY today is because she had first denied any involvement. In fact, she went on social media and claimed that her credit card had been lost or stolen and that someone else used it.


But this proved to be a lie because, huh? The restaurant has cameras. Damn. And the restaurant reviewed the footage and confirmed that Stephanie had been sitting her ass right there in that restaurant the whole time. By the way, I like a good liar, okay? I like a person who makes up extravagant lies and follows through with the lies. Stephanie went on Facebook and said my credit card was lost or stolen and somebody attempted to use it. Thanks for the notifications. This has been reported through my bank. Then she went on LinkedIn and said, thank you for all the recent notifications of scams and profile hackers. I recently discovered a loss are missing credit card and an attempted purchase. I appreciate your patience while I'm manage the situation.


Then she deleted all her social media accounts altogether smart, because she doesn't got the heart to stand on what she said. I like a good liar, but I like a person who stands on what they said even more. If you wanted Ricardo to get deported, then stand on that. But I guess that racism wasn't worth losing your job was it? Please let Chelsea handle the give Stephanie Lovens the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. That is way too much. Dan mayonnaise. You a real estate agent, work for Century 21. You lost your job because you couldn't use a coupon. You want a man deported because you clearly not selling any houses and wanted to use your coupon, But I'm with you. How bad was the service where you got a pen and wrote that down In a Well, no, the service wasn't bad.


That's what I thought at first, right? When I first read the story, she was actually upset because she couldn't use the coupon. Damn. That's what she was upset about. Ricardo Bel? Yes. Mm oh. Huh? Huh? You just came back from Mexico. How was the service, Jess? It was amazing. Yeah. Unlike America. Oh, it was amazing. They were hard to make sure people are feeling good and well, I we can say they were hard for tips, but they definitely just How hospitable People. It's just in there. Yeah, it's in their DNA. Like they wanna make sure you are happy at all times. Absolutely. You're taken care of. You eating good. Yep. They they. It was amazing. And we know you love. Yeah. So what's next, Charlamagne? I plan.


I Just say we got, we know you love the service of Mexican. I do. I love the service. Yes, I do. And That's all. All right, so wait, what? What else we got going on? Just fix my max. Fix my max. Fix my max. Just fix my max. See, you can see, all she does is have one child with a Mexican. Now you're telling her she gotta fix people Mexican. Just fix. You see what I'm saying? Oh, one baby with a Mexican and now you gotta fix Mexican for the rest of your life. My mess. What? Emini here. Do you even know how to cook Mexican? Do you even know? No, I don. You see what Emini here, one child with a Mexican. Now you gotta fix people Mexican. You See what I'm saying? This is what I'm talking about.


This what dream About 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just fix by mess.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Hi listeners, it's Emily Tisch Sussman, host of the podcast. She pivots This March, we're honoring Women's History Month with episodes from powerhouse governor Gretchen Whitmer. I fell in love with public policy and that's kind of when I pivoted. Then later we dive into the rise of women's sports by hearing how sports investor Carolyn Tisch Lodge is shaping the industry. Come join us and listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Len's from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcast.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother Vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.