
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


DONKEY up. Damn, he ho. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called DONKEY of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Shalam ain. Who got the DONKEY of the day today? Well, just hilarious DONKEY. Today for Monday, June 9th goes do Willie Ray Norwood Jr. Professionally known as Ray J. Now if you know anything about the history of Breakfast Club, then you know, once upon a time Ray J was woven into the fabric of this illustrious Hall of Fame radio show. Ray J was our first guest ever.


Okay? The first person who ever stepped foot into The Breakfast Club studio and sat down with us for a conversation was Ray J. That is the answer to a Breakfast club trivia question if anyone needs it. The first ever huge viral moment we ever had was when Ray J called in and threatened to put the booty goons on. Fabulous. Okay? These are all facts. Nobody up here will ever deny the history we have with Willie Ray Norwood Jr. But DONKEY today does not discriminate. And I saw something this weekend that should be a teachable moment for us all. See, Ray J was on his live stream this weekend and he had this to say about sexy red. Let's listen. I slept with Sexy Red by playing with me, talking about I party with sexy red.


I slept with sexy red. Ask her. That's on the dead homies. I slept with her. Wow. No one man on the dead homies though. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. No one man should have all that corny. Okay, Ray J. You are 44 years old getting online bragging about people you slept with. You going the Superhead route in 2025. Are you that desperate for relevancy? Ray J? You should be way past the do anything for clout era. I remember Ray J calling me one time and expressing how he has the desire to be seen as a businessman. He said that we should be focusing more on what he's doing in the tech world. And I agree. Okay. Ray J has had some success with those scootie bikes.


When Ray J was with Raycon, they had a valuation of like 85 to a hundred million dollars. That's no small feat. That's big business. Okay? It's an amazing thing to see a black man be a be a part of something like that. Then he sold his stake in Raycon and opened up the Tronics network. He allegedly put like $5 million of his own money into the Tronics network. That too, it's big business, but I don't even hear him talk about the Tronics network anymore. Okay? My point is, Ray J has done incredible things in The World of business, but his antics like this always overshadow it. Okay? Willie Ray Norwood, Jr. You will never get your just do for what you've done in the business world if you online still moving and talking like we were in our twenties. Now, what did Sexy Red have to say about this?


Well, she took the Instagram to say, calm ball ass lying on your meat is weird. Play in your ass not with me. What? What? Then she said, even to be saying, we slept on the plane together. I said, hi, and kept it pushing Is you cuckoo? And she reposted a screenshot of her sending Ray J the video saying, so this what you doing, playing with people name on the internet? Ray j replied, I said right after we slept on the plane together, you know I'm playing. I'm always trolling and you know I love you. I'll make it clear right now on my main page, sorry, if you mad at me, I'll make it right Now. The problem with the apology though is the apology is never as loud as the offense.


The truth is never as loud as the lie. The lie that Ray J slept with sexy red went around The World twice while the truth is still putting on his shoes. Ray j did do a more formal apology. Let's listen. I wanna apologize to Sexy Red because Sexy Red is one of my favorite artists and sexy red And I was on a plane and we were both flying somewhere. We randomly saw each other. She was sitting by me. She had her space, I had my space, she had her own blanket, her own pillow. I had my own blanket and my own pillow, and we had a long flight and we both were tired.


You know what I'm saying? So we just, we went to sleep just like we would sleep with anybody else that was sitting next to us on the plane. I went out of control And I said that I slept with sexy red. And that's just, that's, that's insensitive and it's not okay. And it's, it's trolling at the highest level. And I want to say sexy red, my bad. Here's the teachable moment. June is men's mental health month. If you feel the need to get online and be a chronic and compulsive liar at the age of 44, okay? Lives that are manipulative and damaging, and that could hurt relationships with people, could hurt careers even yourself, then you might be dealing with an underlying condition that you need to sit with a mental health professional about.


I'm serious, my brothers, we gotta do better. Okay? Ray J is 44, sexy Ray is 27 at this point. Ray, you should be teaching the next generation how to move. They should be looking to you to know how to move, but instead you got them looking at you like you washed, you moving like you on the corner with a Starbucks cup in your hand dancing to wait a minute, hoping somebody gives you a couple of dollars and you can't tell me you just doing this to build up your chat. Okay? You, you can't just tell me that. 'cause in the screaming world, I don't even see the screamers moving like this. Okay? Not the ones I watched. The ones I watched got very high emotional IQs, Kai Sinat of course, and little Reggie Duke, Dennis, I don't see them resorting the lion on their beef whistles saying they slept with certain celebrities to garner attention for their chaps.


Ray J, you got a daughter, you got a niece. Would you want somebody playing with their name like that? Would you want somebody playing with your sister's name like that? Huh? The answer to those questions are no. Okay, Ray, I know you want to be down with this new screaming world, okay? You'd be sitting up in your room in front of that laptop trying to keep up with them youngsters. But if I had one wish Ray that wish would be for you to grow up, okay? I'm not saying anything right now. I haven't told you before. Grow up at 44. There is a level of emotional maturity you supposed to have, okay? You need to sit with a therapist or some mental health professional and ask, what is this attention seeking behavior you constantly display?


Is it learned from childhood? You didn't grow up in a toxic environment As far as I know. What is it? Okay, look, I'm no mental health expert. I've never claimed to be. I'm just a man who's had some experiences and I'm a man who had to confront my own emotional immaturity. And it comes to a point in our lives when we have to look in the mirror and stop avoiding accountability, our uncomfortable truths about ourselves. And the truth is, if a man is 44 years old still lying for attention, it might not always be a clinical diagnosis, but it's almost always a sign that he hasn't healed something. Was it his fear, insecurity, or trauma? Something deeper is driving the behavior in Willie Ray Norwood Jr.


I sincerely hope you heal. Please let Remy ma give Ray J the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb now? Just hilarious. Has a man ever lied on your ppo? Oh, Absolutely. Yes. And Said he hit when he didn't. Yes, absolutely. And I don't know why the gentleman did that, but he Did that. That's recently too. Yeah. Oh, recently? Absolutely. Damn. Like a couple months ago. What a clown. Wow. Somebody that I wouldn't even think would be a clown. Somebody that all y'all know we know and we talk about this person. Don't push it rather frequently. Please Don't push it. Don't, don't do it. Don't push it In The World of entertainment. No, don't push it. Please, please, comedian, musician. Just don't stop. No, not a comedian. Not a musician. Lord.


Please Don't let Just say no names a Spiritual leader, a pastor Lord. Please don't let Just say no names. We'll get back. All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Mm oh. Has somebody lied on you before? Lied on your P ppo? Lied on your meat? Let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll do it when we come back. Don't play with Jess please this morning, please. I'm begging you. I'm begging you. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelly bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.