
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Bunch of DONKEY Out Street. That is why Charlemagne, if we live a life where we fight our tongue off, off On The Breakfast Club, in the words of Charlamagne to God, he's a DONKEY that oh man, Charlamagne you giving DONKEY the day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY. The day for Thursday, March 27th goes to Lucas Lebeck. Okay, Lucas is a 19-year-old kid who was arrested on a charge of bomb hijack threat. Now I've had some nut ass charges in my day, but I've never been accused of anything like this simply because as crazy as it sounds, I knew better.


See, we may have played with guns dabbled in drugs, but I, you know, never wanted to be Osama bin Laden. Okay? Timothy McVay was not an inspiration. The only blowing up we wanted to do as kids was the kind of blowing up Martin Lawrence was talking about. But this generation is different. See, Lucas decided to go into an Urban Outfitters in Boston and he handed a random shopper a note, okay, a note with a piece of Starburst candy. Apparently it was national Starburst day or maybe he made that up. But prosecutor said he handed over a note and the note said, well no, he said, it's national Starburst day. I want you to have this, that he walked away. But when the shopper read the note, the note said, I have a bomb.


Don't say a effing word. I repeat the note, said I have a bomb. Don't say a effing word. Now, I'm sure this would be a stressful experience for anyone anywhere in America to receive a note like this. But keep in mind I said it was Boston. Okay? Remember the bombing at the Boston Marathon in 2013 when those two terrorists detonated some explosives and killed three people and injured more than 500? I am sure the trauma of that day still lingers in residents of Boston. So for a person to receive a note like that in Boston, it different. Now this is the part that pisses me off and the reason this young man is getting DONKEY of today. See, investigators came, they reviewed the security footage and they saw someone matching the man's description.


Then the shopper while talking to cops saw the person who handed him the note. 19-year-old Lucas didn't even try to get no get away. He didn't even try to flee the scene. So when officers approached him and asked him if he'd been in the Urban Outfitters, he replied, I don't believe so. But then when the cops started reading him his rights and he realized, oh it's getting real, then he admitted to passing the note and he said, And I quote, I thought the shopper would know it was a Prank. Sir, why in the hell would the shopper be in on your little reindeer games? See, this is the problem when you social media minded, when you doing things for the love of TikTok, you think everybody knows about this Prank because it's going viral on social media. No, we growing as hell.


So if you walk up to me with a note and a starburst saying, you got a bomb, I'm going take you at your word Starburst bin laden. Okay, Osama been snacking on candy. How I'm supposed to know you playing. You think I'm not supposed to take Jihad serious? Just because you presented with a Jolly Rancher. Not saying he was committing jihad, but you get my drift. If you are blow pop bomber, you still Obama, you should take all acts of terror serious, even if they come with a Twizzler. Now the DA on the case, Kevin Hayden released a statement that I totally understand. It makes complete sense to me. And that statement is, it's difficult to fathom how in this day and age anyone would consider it a Prank to hand a note to a perfect stranger in the middle of a major city indicating they were holding a bomb.


As this case indicates. Such a reckless action causes fear and comes with consequences, end quote. And that is the part of the equation people don't ever factor in, okay? Especially kids, they factor in all the viralness of a situation. That's their main motivation. But they never factor in is what I'm doing legal could what I'm doing get me arrested. Kids, you always have to factor in the cost of the crime you're committing. You always have to factor in the cost of whatever it is you're doing. Can you afford to go to jail? Can you afford a lawyer? Can you afford bail? Because those followers you try to impress on social media, they're not gonna bail you out. And furthermore, what's funny about the Prank to the people who be walking up on folks in the store and they be throwing stuff on them and asking silly questions, nothing brings me more joy than when the person they playing with swings on them because y'all don't even be funny.


Now this 19-year-old kid has a charge of bomb hijack threat, which in Boston can get you no less than three years, no more than 20 years. And it wasn't immediately clear if he had an attorney who could speak to his arrest, AKA, he probably can't afford one. Please give Lucas Lebeck the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You the dog the day. Alright, you gotta think these things all the way through, man.


Like, you know, I, I, I, I hate those videos when I see people running up on folks in the store and just bothering the random shoppers throwing stuff in the air and clapping and yelling and screaming. I cannot stand that. Yeah, there is one where this, this kid, I just seen this, he put a bucket, this old man was shopping, he looked like Steve Harvey too and he put a bucket over his head and he turned, you see what I'm, I seen that one. Yo, you seen it? Yeah. And that guy just looked like, yo, what is going on? You know what, Emini here, they gonna do that to the wrong somebody's. It's crazy if somebody, if you lose their life over things like that. That's what I'm saying, that old man pull out a little 22 and get the blast. And is it, is he wrong? Right? No he is not. No, he is not wrong. 'cause it's like he don't bite. Everything ain't funny and he's older people are not on social media looking at the latest trends and stuff like that.


It is. It is serious. It's not, it's not funny all the time. Leave people Alone. Yeah. Alright, well thank you for That DONKEY


today. Charla Mike DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns,


wake that Ass up in The morning. The Breakfast Club Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs making it worse. Ome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get ome and fix your gut. Now. Call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence. Test that star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity a.