
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.


So you're her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the living. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. If I'm been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna need exactly what the man Gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere Christmas Day tell it's time for don't give of the day. It's a read, But you're so good at It. You Trying To be a fake ass charlamagne There only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne.


Who you giving Dusty Day to now? Well, sexy red. Hold on. Lemme drink some water. Mm mm Ah, Don't give the today for Tuesday. December 17th goes de markum David Ball. And I need to tell you a story about Markum. He was found guilty by a federal jury in LA on one count of interference with commerce by robbery. One county using a firearm during a crime of violence and one count being a felon in possession of a firearm. Now he's not a young man, he's 61 years old, okay? And 61 is way too old. Too way too old to be catching all those charges. Okay? This man at the tender age of 60 robbed an armor truck are attempted to rob an armor truck. The brakes joints too ran up on one at gunpoint in the Chase Bank parking lot on August 18th, 2023.


So he's going under the prison, okay? Probably going to die in there. He approached the driver, pointed the gun at him, and demanded the driver put the money in the bag. Of course the driver gave it up, why wouldn't he? He gave him the duffle bag full of cash. Mark him grabbed the bag, fled the area made off with $145,000 in cash. Now that's a lick. Okay? Now this is where it starts to get really, really great though. Investigators said they recovered cash. They recovered the cash, the 145,000 from the robbery hidden inside a mini fridge at his house, okay? They found the 40 caliber pistol containing 10 rounds of ammo and the shirt he was wearing when he committed the felony. Okay? Oh, by the way, the empty brink bag, it was found inside the getaway vehicle.


This is what happens when you still robbing banks at 61 years old. Okay? See, lemme tell you something about this aging thing. I was born in 1,978. I'm 46 years old. I'm at the age. Well, I don't wanna do nothing extra, okay? That's why before I go to bed, I, I get my water. So I have it on the nightstand because there's no walking to the kitchen in the middle of the night. That's too much energy. Okay? I don, I got the energy for that. I got my tissue by the bed in case I gotta blow my nose, get something outta my nose. Ain't no walking to the bathroom for that. And yeah, only get up and go to the bathroom when it's a real emergency. I'm saying all that to say he's 61, okay? 61 is too old to be trying to hide evidence that ain't happening. But lemme get back to the story. I know you may be thinking Markham is getting DONKEY today because he robbed a bank at 61 years old.


No, that's just part of it. Let's go to CBS News LA for the report please. This is the picture. We have photos rather, I should say, of the person that they arrested. This is actually security stills from the actual moments of the robbery going down. You see the guards there, the armored guard on the back. That's the suspect up there on the left. He allegedly pointed a gun at the, the armored car driver there and said, gimme all the money. He ultimately took over a hundred thousand dollars worth of cash from this armored bank. Now, because of the help of the LAPD and the security cameras from the bank, they were able to get a picture of him and the car and ultimately take this man into custody. He is now facing those federal charges of robbing the courier here as well as bank robbery because of the robbery happened at a bank. Now here's the kicker in all this.


I told you this had a twist. This guy has done this before. He was actually in prison in the eighties and nineties, sentenced to 46 years in prison for a same exact crime. He requested a compassionate release 20 years early from when he was supposed to get out. The judge said he was at low risk of re-offending, but here we are. He's back in custody for the exact same thing. Now That man did 26 years in prison already. He was released on compassion and released in 2022 following a conviction for bank robbery and other firearms offenses in the mid nineties. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but if he did 26 years and he's 61 and he came home in 2022, that means he was around 59.


So he went to prison when he was 33. You went to prison when he was 33 for bank robbery and other firearms offenses. Did 26 years, got released for compassionate release and last week got sentenced for bank robbery and other firearms offenses. Again, this proves jail is not a correctional facility, okay? Nobody can assist you in growing, evolving, changing, pivoting, whatever you want to call it. If it ain't in ya, okay? If it ain't in you, it ain't in you. What? Islam not in the prison no more, huh? You get a second chance at life and you come home doing the same thing. Malcolm was sentenced to 46 years in 10 months in prison in 95. You got 20 years shaved off your sentence and you came home and gave the system a rerun.


Either he got to be the dumbest human on the planet or he misses his boyfriend. He got a boyfriend. You Got, come on now you got a boo. Come on now. You know envy know. Alright? Okay, you not gonna make me believe that a man did 26 years, not 26 months. 26 years and you come home doing the same exact thing that got you there. Nah bro. You miss getting your prostate tickled by little snake. Oh Lord. You miss getting that rusty anchor from your celly name side wind. Lemme tell you something. When you are blessed to receive another opportunity at life, you gotta make the most of it, okay? When God gives you a second chance, it's not something to take for granted. The reason they call it a compassionate release is because giving someone a second chance is an act of kindness and understanding.


And everybody, I mean, everybody, every single person, everyone on this planet deserves a second chance, but not for the same mistake. Please let Remy ma give Markham bond the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? He probably though compassionate release with something else. Well, you miss Diddy, you miss them parties, don't you? You miss, please stop. You miss the Diddy holiday party, don't you just Stop. You never DJ one of them, right? Yes He did. I have never been. He Was working on his own drink. He was gonna have a brown dot Ciroc. No. You know what that brown dot stood for? There's only one person up here that's been to a Diddy Party and that is Lauren Osa.


No, I ain't never, That is Lauren Osa Who she was doing. I have no idea Because nevermind she, She's the only one. She ain't have what they want. No way. Yeah, I was ready to say she was safe. She was the safest one at the party, so, Alright. Unless his name used to be Lucas, her name, I'm sorry, her Name all right all Oh My God. A yo. Unless our name used to be Lucas, Jesus. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com.


That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns, wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And We are the Black Fat Film Podcast, A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, shout. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, and Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app, I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hey, y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Record Executive produced by Quest. Love the story Pirates and John Glickman historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Mad Slam, another one Gone. Bas Bam, another one Gone. The Crack A Bat and another one Gone. A Tip, but A Cap's, another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the City Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it began with, did You know? Did You know I wouldn't give up? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, what up? It's your girl, Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian, it's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network. Got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend acting Shady, come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I, I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


At and t Connecting changes everything. Jenny Garth, Jana Cramer, Amy Robach, and TJ Holmes bring you, I do part two A, one of a kind experiment in podcasting to help you find love again. Hey, I'm Janna Kramer. I'm Jenny Garth. Hi everyone. I'm Amy Robach. And I'm TJ Holmes and we are, well not necessarily relationship experts. If you're ready to dive back into the dating pool and find lasting love, we wanna help listen To I do part two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.