
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one way they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Okay, white supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white, The Breakfast Club bitch. Alright, Carman, Please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day? Yes, DONKEY of the Day for Friday, March 14th goes the Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader who broke with his party, the Democrats on Thursday and signaled that he will clear it away for a Republican Spending. Bill, let's go to Fox 40 for the report. Please. I believe it is my job to make the best choice for the country to minimize the harms to the American people. Therefore, I will vote to keep the government open and not shut it down.


Schumer is only the second Senate Democrat to state definitively his intention to vote to advance the GOP written Spending Bill, but it's likely he'll give the political cover to other Democrats. Still, Schumer admits he agrees on principle with his fellow Dems that the bill is far from ideal. While the CR bill is very bad, the potential for a shutdown has consequences for America that are much, much worse. Schumer argued that a shutdown would leave veterans without critical services and could empower Trump to lay off more staff at the Social Security Administration hurting seniors and people with disabilities. It is not a clean cr, it is deeply partisan.


It doesn't address far too many of this country's needs. But I believe allowing Donald Trump to take even more, even much more power via a government shutdown is a far worse option. Now, I don't know what happened between Wednesday and Thursday because on Wednesday, Chuck Schumer said he wouldn't do that. He said Senate Democrats would not provide the votes needed for Republicans to advance the House, approved deal to fund the government through September. In fact, Schumer proposed a one month stop gap measure to allow time to negotiate. And that's what you should do if you think a bill is terrible negotiate. By the way, I'm not saying the Republican bill is bad, Chuck Schumer said that. Let's listen to him again. Say it. Listen, There is nobody in The World, nobody who wants to shut the government down more than Donald Trump and more than Elon Musk.


While the CR bill is very bad, the potential for a shutdown has consequences for America that are much, much worse. Oh, Chuck Schumer. Oh, Democrats, the party of inaction. Oh, that's the difference between Democrats and Republicans. One party is about inaction and one party is about all action. Okay? Even if that action is harmful to the country, doesn't matter. They are always doing something. Republicans have an agenda, they have a plan, and they stick together all of them to execute that plan. It doesn't matter if Republicans go at each other in the media, disagree with each other because when, when it comes time to vote, they all fall in line. Okay? They get things done. Democrats do not do this.


And this is just the latest example. Per usual, the party of inaction, the Democrats have failed to protect or even attempt to fight for the interest of the American people. I know dims don't have much leverage, but damnit, if you got some, use it. Okay. Salute to the good sister. Former, former Ohio State Senator Nina Turner. I saw her post something last night on Instagram that I completely agree with. She said, And I quote, as Republicans hold a trifecta, which means they control all branches of government. It was their party's responsibility to pass a budget and get the votes to keep government running not to Democratic party. End quote. Nevermind that the bill is terrible. Chuck Schumann, you said the bill is very bad.


You said the Republican bill is a terrible option. You said it's not clean. You said it's deeply partisan and the most important part, it doesn't address the country's needs. So on one hand, the government shuts down and the other hand a terrible bill passes that that doesn't address the country's needs. So it sounds to me like regardless of how this goes working, class Americans get screwed. Typical, okay? Democrats get pushed around and bullied into doing the Republicans bidding. Typical. So in the words of DMX, here we go again. Listen, since 2019, I've been getting on this radio and telling you that Democrats suck at messaging. I wrote about it in my third book. Get Honest or Die Line. Okay? But the reason Dem suck at messaging is simply because they have nothing to talk about.


Okay? They ain't talking about nothing. What they talking about? What they talking about? They ain't talking about nothing because they have nothing to talk about. No identity, no plan, no backbone. Republicans are the bullies. Democrats are the cowards, and that's the story. Okay? But listen, in order to change the messaging, you gotta change the people in the party. They will always and forever continue to have a messaging problem because Democrats have a leadership problem and it's time for the Chuck Schumers of The World, the Hakeem Jeffries of The World, to step down, go away. We need people in those positions willing to fight. Not only should Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffrey, step down any Democrat who isn't fighting for the people and standing with the party should be primaried.


Okay? We, the people have zero confidence in democratic leadership, all right? People will continue to have zero confidence in Democrats until we get some new Democrats. Okay? Don't talk to me about midterms, don't talk to me about 2028 because the reality is what's the point of voting for the type of Democrats that will continue to do nothing? Alright? We need to get rid of what we got and bring something new in. I don't want any more cowardly Democrats who are beholden to the corporate dollar because when you are beholden to the corporate dollar, you are beholden the corporate interests and not the interest of the people. Chuck Schumer, if you know a bill is terrible, okay? If you know this bill doesn't serve the best interest of the people, what are you voting for it for?


Okay? You're not even gonna try to put up a fight when it comes to budget negotiations. You're not even gonna try to negotiate. Chuck Schumer thinks that by 2026 Republicans will be so unpopular because of the policies they've implemented and because the economy's so bad that people will just come running back to Democrats. But does he not realize that folks will remember that you too, Chuck voted for these bills. Hey, maybe that, maybe Chuck Schumann doesn't really think this bill is terrible. Maybe he likes the bill. He just doesn't have the nuts to say, Hey, I actually like the bill and I'm voting for it because it's good And I like it. I would respect that because I don't care what party does what, I just want things to get done so America can benefit. But once again, because since everyone is playing politics, it simply looks like one party.


Republicans is about action, and the other party Democrats is not. So what reason do I have to continue to support the party of inaction? That narrative will not change for Democrats until the people in the Democratic party are changed. Please give Senator Chuck Schumer the biggest. He haw A alright, you gotta be, you have to be a Republican. When you gonna come out and Just say, I'm a Republican. What that gotta do with being a Republican? What anything? I Just say, Just say, I have to do with being A Republican, itching on Democrat. Like I, earlier the day, you was like, what's the point of voting for them? So it's like, well, If I, if I, if I vote for a party And I support a party And I expect the party to go in there and fight for me, And I voted for them and fight for the American people, you damn right, I'm gonna be on the As.


No, what I'm saying, like, you like can't stand these people like you lose. Now he bi hate these people. Like this is Crazy. Now he buy, he going on Republicans and he going to Democrats. He, he buy, he going on everybody equal Opportunists. I do, I do hate people who are not fighting for the American people, but claim to be fighting for the American people. You're absolutely right. I know. I'm telling you, you are a gay Republican. That is who you are. No, I'm not. I'm not Republican or Democrat. I'm in a American And I want the best for the American people. So if this man, Chuck Schumer is telling me that this bill is terrible, and just yesterday he said he wouldn't vote for it, but today he's flip-flopping. Yes, I'm on his ass.


Now I will say, yeah, now you are on everybody's ass. You are right. You're a gay Republican. You, you, you stay on anybody's ass. But whether it's Republican, whether it's Democrat, whether it's independent, people always hear you talk about Democrats more. But I I'm gonna tell you, when people yeah, You, your equal opportunities when it comes, comes to it, when Say, I'm people gonna think I'm really a Republican when I take ice up on this offer And I go on this ride along with them And I show up to your house And I point to your house And I say, that's where the illegals are, sir. Now that's where the Illegals Are, by the way, by the way. You know what? I'm gonna put cases on both of y'all mother efforts. Mm, okay. DJ and just hilarious. Yeah, I can see you right there. And now the sassy points too, like yes, she said I'm a gay republic.


Him Right there up. Yes. Her family is Mexican in there. Yes. Right. That's right. Jesus Christ. Crazy. All right. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork. You need ome. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, OME delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA, it's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? OME has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to ome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting Emini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a Pool.


You know, some people say that, oo, business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say, oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com


o doo.com.