
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where Drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season Premier June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that


Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Okay, have you heard about this Last year, the Green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


I was born a DONKEY. It's the DONKEY of the devil. A DONKEY. That's fun. The devil. The Breakfast Club. Yes, Don. Here today for Monday, June 2nd, goes to a Modesto, California man named Christian Alondro. Solorio Anguiano. I don't think I pronounced any of that right. Okay. That is a name that ICE agents would have at the top of their list just in case they would monitor a name like that. You know, and honestly, with a name like that, he might get sent to El Salvador because he was arrested for sexual battery, burglary, stalking, and assault with the intent to commit a felony.


All those charges will get you deported in Trump's America, especially with a name like that. And it don't even matter if you are an American citizen, okay? They gonna put you on that deportation flight to El Salvador. But what exactly did Christian Alondro Solorio Anguiano do? Let's go to CBS News three report please. Got a strange one for you tonight. Adam Modesto, the STAs LA County Sheriff says they've arrested a man last week after he allegedly broke into a woman's home at night, then bit and licked her toes while she slept. Let's give you some context. The Sheriff's Office says The man arrested, seen here. 27-year-old Christian anguiano have been stalking the woman for months following her home from work several times. Despite a number of people confronting him, deputies say he just wouldn't stop, would even sleep in the car outside her home.


Woman's O is okay. Anguiano though, suspects being held on a $325,000 bail. He broke into our house just so he could treat her feet like a churro, cinnamon swirl, full tongue action. Sweet, sticky, slightly confusing. Okay? L toe liquor. Supremeo toe sucking king of the dance floor. How you break into someone's house, which says on for their feet. This man is a tele Nobel villain. Okay? First of all, what's the point of stalking? At what point does a man understand this woman don't want you? And what part of your brain makes you believe that breaking into this woman's house and sexually assaulting her toes was gonna make her like you? Okay, I don't know why it got this far. This man was following this woman home after her shifts, sleeping in his car, outside her residence, checking her doors to see if they're unlocked to gain entry.


If he was doing all of that, he should have been on ICE's radar a long time ago. Okay? Somebody should have been put him in handcuffs. This man was confronted by her coworkers to leave her alone, but none of that stopped him. Okay? The lesson to be learned here is that this incident underscores the importance of taking stalking behavior seriously. And we got to implement stronger protective measures for victims. And by stronger measures, we got to let people get they ass kicked. Okay? That's what Emini here by stronger measures, there has to be some sort of community policing that can happen the same way it's citizens arrest. We have to make it okay in certain situations for citizens to put their foot up other citizens' asses. Okay?


Coworkers went to him and told 'em to cut it out. He was sleeping outside that woman's home. He was checking for unlocked doors at her residence. All of that should equate to a community jumping. Okay? Now, if that's too extreme for folks, then we gotta enhance legal protections. All right? You gotta have strong laws against stalking and ensure swift actions when victims report they are being stalked. You gotta use stories like this. They increase public awareness. We have to educate the public about the signs of stalking and the importance of reporting suspicious activities. And most importantly, we got to support the victims, okay? Provide resources and support systems for people who feel threatened. You can't wait until somebody breaks into somebody's house and turns their toes into, into tamales to care.


Okay? So please give Christian Anguiano the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Of the day. You the doggie of the day. Heehaw. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY of the Day. Yes, Indeed. Now when we come back, Dr. Rita Walker will be joining us. It's the 50th anniversary of her book, the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health. You know, I gift that book to everybody. I tell everyone that is one of the most culturally, she's one of the most culturally competent mental health professionals out here today, and that book is one of the most culturally competent mental health books on the market.


So can't wait to talk to Dr. Rita Walker. Yep. We're gonna talk to a Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LA and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app. We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL.


The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude.


To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that Because of St. Jude,


You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelly Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is An iHeartPodcasts.