
KFC. Chicken and waffles, fresh, juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects, or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Hey friend. I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses. Directed individual results may vary.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails.


Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for Therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast and I'm excited for my next episode with Chloe Kardashian. God, I've been through so many things that at this point I would rather not feel than feel because feeling is too much for me to handle. I AMLO Kardashian, Chloe Kardashian, everybody, Chloe Kardashian. No one understands how it's, I'm not just a TV show. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Don't be out here acting like a DONKEY. He, hi bitch. He, it's Time for DONKEY of the Day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say all his mouth. If gotta Say something you may not agree with doesn't mean, I'm mean Who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY That Don Don Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the Day right there does The Breakfast Club. Bitches. You Can call me the DONKEY of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Yes DONKEY. Whoa. Why the hell I'm so loud scared myself. DONKEY of the day for Tuesday May 6th goes to a Pennsylvania woman named Christina Soto. Christina Soto is 44 years old and she did something that people figuratively talk about doing.


And I wish I could curse on the radio, but I can't. But just know Nicki Minaj wrote a song about doing this to her ops. She called it did it on him, but that's the clean version. Yeah. Let's hear some of this classic. You remember this, right? Yes. That's how the clean version go. No, it was did it on him. Did it on him. Okay. Yeah. Turn it up. Lemme hear it. Did them. Okay. Keep the instrumental going for me. Yes. See, all of y'all talk about releasing stink missiles on your ops, but you never actually released the chocolate hostages, but Christina actually did. Let's go to NBC 10 Philly for the report please. The police chief for Prospect Park says he has seen some road rage cases during his career.


Somebody cuts someone off, then the drivers might get into a heated exchange, then they typically drive away. But in this case, on Tuesday, there was a little more to that and the incident was captured on video by a bystander. That video shared thousands of times on Instagram shows. A woman identified Thursday as Christina Sto walking to another woman's car. The 44-year-old sits on the hood or not showing the most graphic part of the video, including when she appeared to defecate on the car. Omeo was brought to the Prospect Park Police department Thursday in handcuffs offering no remarks.


She faces a number of charges including in decent exposure and depositing waste on a highway. Imagine how mad you gotta be to weaponize your own digestive system. Okay? This is biological warfare. Alright? I respect people who can back the brown Cadillac outta the garage in public. Okay? I'm not one of those people now I am. I am very regular. Okay? 8:30 AM every morning. I'm making a tombstone in the water grave here at work. But if somebody comes in the bathroom or sits in the stall next to me, I can't do it. Okay? I'm a cowboy fan, but I can't take the browns to the Super Bowl if someone else is in the bathroom with me. So the fact this woman was able to bake some butt brownies in public on cue, it's impressive. But I'm gonna tell you something, Christina, the reason you getting the biggest he haw is because according to the police affidavit, you said, And I quote, I wanted to punch her in the face, but I pooped on her car instead and went home.


I would've rather you punched her in the face. Okay? It takes way more energy to pull your pants down and birth a creamy behemoth in public than it does to punch someone in the face. Now, Christina allegedly told cops that it was a clean poop. I didn't have to wipe true quote for the record. There is no such thing as a clean wipe, okay? Or a clean poop. When you release the mud monkeys, the anal area becomes soil with stool and you gotta clean it. Okay? Fe matic contains bacteria and other microorganisms that can cause infections or spread, if not properly cleaned away. And having residual DONKEY around the room of your bke can cause discomfort. Okay? Itching and irritation. Whenever the inside of your bunky itching guarantees you didn't wipe properly.


So there is no clean kills when you push out a sewer snake. Okay? When you launch fudge torpedoes, there is always a casualty. That's all I got. Please let Remy ma give Christina. So Soto the biggest haw He haw he you stupid mother. Are you dumb? The amount of effort in which you put that presentation Yes you did. You literally, boy, like you ate that I would never eat dookie. Well, duh. My life ain't never been That bad Duh, Doy boy. But I'm saying you literally, you told that story like Maya Angel. Mm, Maya Anou.


Maya doodoo. Hey yo. Oh my God, Andy still just got it. Mm. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY of the day. Now when we come back, thank you For that dookie of the day. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the most creative excuse or lie you've used to sneak into a party? Man? Tell him where this came from, Man. Now this came from Los. Los is just, just cousin cameraman. That's nice. Last night was the Met Gala. Of course he wasn't invited. He didn't make it to the Met Gala, but he made it to every party. Emini here, PLLs party. He still got his Met Gala clothes on. Now he got, he sure did. He got on a black turtleneck because LOEs worked very hard. He came right in here at three 30. He was on the stream last night with Kaa, not for over an hour.


Kasa not had no clue who he was, but scrape Dress pants. He told Kasa not, do you have the order of what he told Kasa? I told him that. Shut up, We got the audio. You gotta turn this mic on. You have the audio. No audio. He sound drunk. Well, he told Ka Sinat last week, week. I rather have the audio. We ain't got the audio. What's your name? Lolo. Nice to meet you. Yeah, nice to meet you. I'm I'm Caat Kasa. Yeah. The first time I said it wrong, I did good. The first time I see you is when you shut down the city. That was first time. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a bad day. That was a bad day. Yeah. Charlemagne is my cousin. Justin, my Charlamagne to God. Yeah, Nick Can is my cousin too. Yeah. Like Breakfast Stop. Yeah, breakfast Club.


Alright. Motion. My boy, Carlos is not with The Breakfast Club, So he said, Carlos Is not my Is with The Breakfast Club. He said, so first of all, that's your cousin Nick Kansas is Kid is his, And yes, we're definitely related. Me and Jess is actually related, we're related for the past four years. What? Boy, he's still drunk. I found out he's still drunk. He's still drunk my, he showed us so many videos of him walking around namedropping. Okay. I don't know this man. He said he Played Uno, Pharrell last night. P He said Sexy Red had been up here. Huh? When Sexy Ray came up here, you told him my name was Los. So we've been knowing each other. You definitely, that proves you know him. Yes, but you beat Uno. You beat Pharrell and Uno.


I beat somebody in Uno. He didn't beat Pharrell. He said he lost. He said he beat the white guy. He watched, he Said the actual, one of the owners of Louis Vuitton actually paid for his ride share to him to get the work. Oh, he Was trying to hit, he was trying to hit. He was trying to hit. I'm telling you. Still, still? Yes. You better go in the bathroom and check. No, he, no, he his poop. Come right out this morning. Emini here clean. You make no Noise. 5 8 5 1 5 1. What's the most creative? Excuse a lie you've used to speak to a party. Let's discuss it. The Breakfast Club.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered Better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again, confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years.


Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary. I Found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting.


Check it out for yourself by searching for Therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast and I'm excited for my next episode with k Chloe Kardashian. God, I've been through so many things that at this point I would rather not feel than feel because feeling is too much for me to handle. I am Kardashian, Kardashian, everybody. Chloe Kardash. No one understands how it's, I'm not just a TV show. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the ME Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.