
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy? Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear Up for Outdoor Ventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone For details.


Be Warned That once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Say it again, DONKEY. Yes. Saying is true. Yes. DONKEY today for Wednesday, July 17th, goes to Ingrid Andres. Ingrid is a country singer, and I'll be the first to tell you I know nothing about her. Okay? I did a little research and by research, I mean asked meta AI about her, and it says she has been nominated for four Grammys, including best new artists in 2021. Congratulations to her. Okay? But once again, I didn't know who she was, knew nothing about her. Absolutely zero. Not a devil damn thing. But I heard about it this week when she did a performance of the Star Spangled Banner at the MLB Home Run Derby, and she sounded like this.


Let's listen The flag, Okay? Okay. Fart on that performance. Alright? Pure ass gas. All right. It was terrible. Terrible performances happened. All right. It is what it is. But what is making me bring her to the front of the congregation this morning is the fact that yesterday she took to social media to tell everybody that the reason she was terrible was because she was drunk. Let's go to Access Hollywood for the report, please. Ingrid Andress is breaking her silence over her viral national anthem performance at Monday Night's Home Run Derby in Arlington, Texas.


On Tuesday, the four time Grammy nominated artist released a statement on Instagram, which read, I'm not gonna BS y'all. I was drunk last night. I'm checking myself into a facility today to get the help I need. That was not me last night. The 3-year-old then apologized for rendition adding, oh God, I apologize to MLB, all the fans and this country. I love so much for that rendition. I'll let y'all know how rehab is. I hear it's super fun. XO Ingrid, What? Wow. Round of applause to social media for giving this young lady so much backlash that she decided to play the I'm checking in the rehab card. Now, I'm not downplaying her situation. She probably does have a drinking problem. I just think it's interesting that it took you ruining the Star Spangled Banner and getting backlash from social media to realize it.


Now, f all that. All right. You don't get to go to rehab just because you had a bad performance. If that's the case since 1987, it should have been countless people checking into rehabs all across America for getting booed off Showtime at the Apollo. Okay? In all our days, we never ever heard someone say, I did. The Apollo got booed, Sandman kicked me off the stage, and now I'm in rehab. No, being drunk is not an excuse for ruining the Star Spangled Banner. Two of the best renditions of the Star Spangled Banner were Marvin Gaye and Whitney Houston icons musical legends. Once in a generational talents, God given vocal musical abilities. Let me hear a little bit of Marvin Gaye real quick. Come on now.


How you make it sexy. How you turn the Star-Spangled Banner. Sexy. You can feel God in the building. When Marvin Gaye opened his mouth, let me get a little bit of the late great Whitney Houston. Woo, My God, Drop on a cruise bombs from Marvin and Whitney. They did a different level of justice to the national anthem. Okay? If America handled black people the way Marvin Gaye and Whitney Houston handled the star spanked banner, we would be all right. Now, the reason I played both of them, in light of everything we know about Marvin and Whitney, now, they both was probably on some high power too.


Okay? Big cocaine probably hit a line before they went out there. Marvin War shaves through the whole performance. That tells me all I need to know. Whitney said, get high, hit, high notes all adds up to me. That's why I'm not buying the Ingrid Andres. I was drunk. Okay, now I need to go to rehab. Excuse you just sucked. It happens. And now you are just another person who has to join the choir of folks who have ruined the star span banner. You and of course, Fergie. Let's listen to Fergie In the through the night flag.


That part sound like somebody put a cat in the microwave. Somebody threw a cat in the microwave for three minutes. Let's not forget Roseanne Bar either. Oh, I'll say, can you see Martha Times Live? Come on. That's Roseanne Bar Drive. She has somewhere to go. I'm gonna tell you something. This is just a Charlemagne to God observation, okay? Based off those national anthems we just played, Whitney Houston, Marvin Gaye Fergie, Roseanne Barr. And then you think about Ingrid Andrews, I've come to the conclusion that white people just simply don't love America.


Okay? That is the only logical conclusion I could come up with, okay? White people don't love America the way they think, the way they think they do. Okay? If, you had to base who loves America more based on how the Star Spangled Banner is saying is black people. And it's not even close. You can't find me a black person who has ruined the Star Spangled Banner. You can't find one. And the Rockets this. Who is that? Oh, I'll make up for it. Now. The land, the free. Oh my goodness. Is that Carl Lewis? Yes. That was Called Lewis. That's called He don't count. He was an athlete Olympic track, though. That's right. I don't know why they had an athlete singing the Stars big band in the first place. He said, I'll make it up.


Okay. And besides Carl Lewis didn't use drugs to represent his country and sing, he used drugs to represent his country and run. Bet you ain't got no more. You ain't got no more black people ruining the Star. Star Spangled Banner. You can't find no more can you For the rain? Who is this was, That's Flavor, flavor. Flavor. That's that Flavor. Flavor. Flav. He don't count. He's he's a hype man. Okay. Why would they have a hype man sing this, the Star Spangled Banner. Okay. Oh boy. And besides, he didn't run the rehab after he messed up the Star Spangled Banner.


He's already done his years of rehab. Okay. Anyway, back to the moral of the story. The moral of the story. The moral of the story. Just give Ingrid Andrews the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY of You know You, you, you, you hear the Hamiltons. You should get Ingrid to sing That. I bet. I bet all of them have bartenders that make them drinks to drink. Okay. And they drunk 'em and got drunk. But you won't catch them slipping on those vocals. Nope. No ma'am. No, sir.


Are you serious? Yo, she told The damn truth. What did y'all want her to lie? I'm happy that she was like, I was drunk. She was not. She ain't have to say she went. Exactly. She ain't gotta go to rehab. Rehab. No. Her rehab is fun. Yes. Crazy. I'm Drunk. She don't need to go to rehab though. She need to to call. Why they pick her? She need to call Tank and j Valentine to go to vocal training. That's what she need to do. Okay. All right. All right. Well, thank you for that DONKEY Today. Yes, indeed.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club


You. know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox sativa's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous senses at a nearby retail Store@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% a p is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA And, I C, not a bank, not investment advice.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's m mit r e.org/careers.


Is getting gas at Chevron burning a hole in your wallet? What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop. You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop seven seven to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If. you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today at lucky land slots com. Available To players in the us, excluding Washington, Michigan. No purchase necessary by.