
What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Hey, I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. Emily. Ken Reese cars top jet planes. I gotta know. Classic. He's a charmer, but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks so we'll explore construction car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss. Listen, I feel very strongly I need to earn every vote, which is I'm why I'm here. Having this candid conversation with you and your listeners, They tackle the big questions, politics, policy, and what's next for the country. I am running to be a president for everybody, but I'm clear-eyed about the history and the disparities that exist for specific communities, and I'm not gonna shy away from that. Don't miss this in-depth interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris, only on The, Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect Podcast network. iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host, Andrew Gilli and Tiffany Cross. We know y'all are feeling anxious about the upcoming election. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to help you cut through the noise and the nonsense. They take grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GLP. Take action this election cycle. Vote and listen to Native Lamp Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's always important to stay informed in our politics, but this election right here, it's crucial.


This is prop host of the Hood Politics with Prop podcast. We talk about politics, but in our own lingo, like pick a topic both candidates to talk about like foreign policy. Say one of your friends finna get packed out. You gonna jump in? Could be your friend had it coming. 'cause he ain't no to stop talking. How you decide, what you going to do is foreign policy. See you been doing This election season. We all we got. I'm gonna make sure you tapped in. Listen to the Hood politics with prop podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Some DONKEY days just so themselves have been watching Charlotte. Man. Ready for you. DONKEY. I never heard DONKEY other day. What is it? DONKEY. Say it again. Charla man. DONKEY. You're a DONKEY. Everything Man. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Friday, October 18th is more of a call to action. A couple of calls to action. I wanna say RIP to Ty Tyreek Burton Tyreek was 37 years old and he was fatally shot outside his own wedding. Wedding reception and law enforcement has not caught the individual yet that I know of. But we need to get this man off the street. Let's go to what's the new what?


What is the news? Fox eight. Let's go to Fox eight for the report please. Days after what should have been a joyful celebration, friends and family gathered to mourn 37-year-old Tyre Burton who was killed outside his own wedding reception. Witnesses say the shooting happened as Tyreek and his wife were preparing to leave the venue. Tyreek had briefly left to retrieve something and when he returned, family members say he was followed by a man who accused Burton of cutting him off. Moments later, the man opened fire killing Tyreek in front of his new wife. As they grieve, family and friends are looking for justice and longing for answers about the senseless act that stole Tyreek from them. See Something, say something.


It's real simple. Greensboro Guilford Crime Stoppers is offering a reward for any information that leads to arrest in this case. They're asking that you contact him at 3 3 6 3 7 3 1000 in Greensboro, Elijah Skipper Fox eight News. Yeah, there's absolutely positively no reason to kill somebody because they cut you off. His brother was at his own wedding reception, left the venue for a second with his new wife. Man accused him of cutting him off the road. The brother Tyreek apologized. He literally said, after being questioned by the suspect You know the suspect said, who was in the car? Who just passed me at the stop sign? Tyreek said, if I did, I'm sorry. Then the man opened fire killing him in front of his new wife. I want him locked up. Greensboro. I don't know who the person is, but rightfully so, the Burton family is pleading with the public to come forward with any information that human needs to get off your streets.


Greensboro, when you see something, you should say something because a person like that would absolutely kill you or someone you love in cold blood, just like they did Tyreek Burton, turn this man in. Turning this man in is not snitching. It's crime prevention. Hell, I wouldn't care if it's labeled snitching. This man has to go. Sir, we all seen the Spider-Man movies. Okay, don't be like Peter Parker. Remember when Peter Parker was mad at the wrestling promoter because the wrestling promoter didn't pay him all his money. So when the Wrestl wrestling promoter got robbed, Peter Parker could have stopped the robber, but he didn't because he was mad and felt like the wrestling promoter deserved it. But then that same robber ended up killing his Uncle Ben. Moments later that could be you. All right, if you have information that could lead to arresting the murderer of Tyreke Burton and don't say anything once again, that man is in your community after killing an innocent man at his, just because he left from, he left from his wedding reception for just a second.


Alright? I want him in handcuffs before the weekend is over. So if you have any information that might help identify the suspect, reach out and touch Greensboro Guilford. Crime stops there are offering a reward for any information leading to his arrest. Okay, anyone with information? Charlemagne tha God myself, I am urging you to call Crime stoppers. Three three six three seven three 1000 rest in peace to Tyre Burton sending healing energy to the Burton family. Let's get the person who murdered him off the street. Yeah, they was, they was saying there his ring cameras all up and down that block. Well, we need that guy off the street. Okay? In the meantime, give that suspect who killed Tyreke Burton the biggest. He haw. Now I promised you all that I was gonna also give you the opportunity to do your own donkeys.


That was the other call to action. So we have the hotline 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Can we go to one of those, those calls. Red? Hello? Who's this? Who you wanna give DONKEY to, bro? What up? Yo, this is Damien from Detroit who You wanna give DONKEY to? Damien. First of all, Starla main and envy. Both of y'all get done here today. What Happened? For what? The common everyday abuse of Lauren la Baby I What's your name? Where You from? What up you from from Detroit? You mean He from the place You don't know nothing about the d Leave. Leave that woman alone. Thank you. Let let life be life period. That life be You. know what I'm saying? Like let let her find a man on her own.


I just want people to know I would never introduce y'all to anybody because y'all are horrible. I love And I just want people to know they make it up here. Like I'm struggling and battling against The. World trying to find a, the men are there. I'm just making sure I'm gonna have the right one. Y'all want me to rush into something? I don't want you to rush into nothing. Okay? I don't see this as something, Nothing that you talk about the abuse. Did you hear that? Man, I love it when men can call out other men about that. All right, well let's, let's go to abuse. Let's go to another person. I actually wanna go to Talkback, right? Let's go to the talkback app. For everybody who went to the iHeartRadio App Search Breakfast Club podcast, tapped the mic, recorded their, their their DONKEY. I wanna go to that. Let's hear it. What up? This Eddie Kane man from Rock Island, Illinois. I'm a custodian at a college out here.


I just want to get a DONKEY today to the students that like the white boogers on the wall speech. Ew, spit knock on the stall door up. Knowing Tim out. I gotta clean that shit up. This fucking horrible, I just hate disgusting hell, Kids. What School is it? You. know what I'm talking about? Love The Breakfast Club. Y'all stay up. That Wasn't no elementary school. He was talking about. Oh, that didn't Sound like it. How are that Thought this in high school or College or something? That's Disgusting. Ew. Okay, let's go to another talk. Back up. Ooh, Dunking Day goes to Donald Day Trump man for disrespect and all my Haitian Americans out there, I'm first generations, my mother and father. We don't eat dogs of cats. But if I could feed you one, I surely would man, and shout out to Kamala Harris.


Man, we looking for, for you whooping this white boy Tell in the election Salute to La Haitian. I, I agree with him, but You know if if if you're being accused of eating them, you shouldn't defeat him. Nobody either. It's the same, same difference. My brother it this You know what I mean? Like, oh, okay. Let's take one more. Let's go to another talk back here. We got, I Wanna give my DONKEY of today to all the black folks out here who are considering voting for Trump or voting for any Republican, knowing that since 2020 alone there have been hundreds, hundreds of laws passed to suppress our vote. It makes no sense that anyone would vote Republican when they're actively trying to dise us.


Trying to make sure that we cannot vote by doing things like gerrymandering. Closing polling centers. So it's only 30 seconds, right? Yes. We got one more. We got any more? Yeah, one more. Okay, let's take, we'll take one more. This is the talk back feature that we, we use and let's see it. Let's hear it. DONKEY Of the Day should go to all those idiots that can't say Kamala Harris and they keep getting her name wrong. How stupid are you or what? Kamala All right. Okay. So listen, open your iHeartRadio App Search Breakfast Club podcast. Tap the mic and you can always send us anything you want. You can, if we solicit for DONKEY today, you can send us that.


If You know you just got commentary about topics that we're discussing on Breakfast Club, you can, you can do that as well. That's right. Well that was DONKEY today. Thank you Charlemagne. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. De Can race cars, top jet planes?


I gotta know Classic. He's a charmer, but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks, so we'll explore construction car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This week, Charlemagne tha God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't want to miss. Listen, I feel very strongly I need to earn every vote, which is I'm why I'm here. Having this candid conversation with you and your listeners, They tackle the big questions, politics, policy, and what's next for the country.


I am running to be a president for everybody, but I'm clear-eyed about the history and the disparities that exist for specific communities, and I'm not gonna shy away from that. Don't miss this in-depth interview with Charlemagne tha God and Vice President Kamala Harris, only on The, Breakfast Club. Catch the full interview now on the Black Effect Podcast network. iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey y'all, I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross. We know y'all are feeling anxious about the upcoming election. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to help you cut through the noise and the nonsense. They take Grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth, and then they manipulate It.


Yes, black Voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GLP. Take action this election cycle. Vote and listen to Native Land Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. It's always important to stay informed in our politics. But this election right here, it's crucial. This is prop host of the Hood Politics with Prop podcast. We talk about politics, but in our own lingo, like pick a topic both candidates to talk about, like foreign policy. Say one of your friends finna get packed out, you gonna jump in? Could be your friend had it coming. 'cause he ain't no one to stop talking. How? How you decide what you going to do is foreign policy. See, you been doing This election season. We all we got, I'm gonna make sure you tapped in. Listen to the Hood Politics with Prop podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, hey, it's Theresa back from the Dead again. Just wanted to pop in and let You know that Haunting is back on October 22nd. Spooky season. I own spooky season. We're serving up some killer stories, literally and a few that might make you question whether you really locked the door before getting into bed. So cancel your lame Halloween plans, haunted houses, overdone candy, corn, honestly, who eats that? Your new tradition, listening to me listen to Haunting, starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.