
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is the act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowes Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY today? To who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Friday, January 24th goes to Monja. I think that's his name. Monja Monja. D James Wooten. Okay. He's 25 years old and hails from the great state of Kentucky dropping on the cruise bombs for everyone who listen to us on real 93 1 in Louisville, Kentucky. Thank you for your support. Now, we all love fast food. We eat it for different reasons. The number one reason is we're hungry. Okay? It's convenient. It provides comfort. Full disclosure, you know I'm a fast food franchise owner, salute the crystal, dropping the cruise bombs for Crystal. But another fast food restaurant I grew up on is Wendy's. And that's why this story made me laugh because I understood both parties involved.


Okay? When I was a kid, I would drive my grandmother Rosalie into town, okay? She would run her errands in Mos Corner, South Carolina. And when errands was done, she would always wanna go to Wendy's. And when we got to Wendy's, she would stress to me when we was going through the drive through that she wanted her fries hot. Okay? I can literally hear her right now telling me, not tell 'em you want the fries hot. She would stress hot. And that's a common sentiment amongst anyone who orders french fries. You want them fresh, you want them hot. But those Wendy's hot fries hit different, even though I think in 2025 crystal fries are better. But those Wendy's hot fries, slap and Manja was angry over the temperature of his fry, temperature of his fries. Now, when you're angry over the temperature of your fries, you simply say, Hey, these fries are cold.


I would like them hot. Most fast food restaurants will oblige, but when it's 10:41 PM at night in Kentucky, apparently handling things civilly is not an option. See, Manja and a group of people he was with allegedly started arguing in the drive through over the cold fries, and then the suspect in his squad went in the Wendy's because they wanted action. What happened next? Let's go to a BC 11 on your side for the report, please. A man was arrested today in connection to a shooting at a Wendy's restaurant. One police believe started over cold French fries. LMPD says Manja. James Wooten turned himself in for the January 6th shooting. According to his arrest citation, he was with two other people in that Wendy's drive through on Dixie Highway.


James Wooten and the other suspects allegedly got into a fight with the worker over cold french fries. Louisville Police released these photos from the scene. Three suspects got out of the drive through and then came inside the restaurant where James Wooten allegedly fired at the Wendy's worker. She was hit and taken to the hospital where she's expected to survive. James Wooten is right now being held on a bond of $50,000. Round of applause for that Wendy's employee, okay? In the immortal words of Rayquan, the chef, you got guns. We got guns too. Okay? And in the words of the Almighty Bo Hagen F that you buck, we buck back. See Manja, you learned a valuable lesson. And that lesson is simply never judge a book by its cover.


You thought homie was sweet because you know they weren't in there thugging, okay? You, you thought that you was going to go in that Wendy's and bully that person because they worked at Wendy's. You saw them black pants, that red shirt, that black apron with the Wendy's logo on it, and you thought this was gonna be a breeze. And then that Wendy's employee showed you that the beef really is fresh, never frozen. Okay? You went for hot fries and ended up getting a hot fire. Now this is why I be telling folks go to therapy though, okay? You have to go do the work on yourself because this is simply not proper conflict resolution, okay? If your fries are not hot, there is absolutely zero reason to argue with the fast food employee and you damn sure don't need to go in the Wendy's and lick a shot. Okay? What is the point? How many times do I have to get on this radio and tell folks before they react?


Do some jail math in your head. All right? Simple calculations. Can I afford to do what it is I'm about to do? Because the cost can sometimes be too high. You might lose your life, you might lose your freedom. And who wants to die or go to jail forever over that new mushroom bacon cheeseburger at Wendy's. Okay? Monja is being held right now with a bail set at $50,000 and he's being charged with assault. I'm sure it's gonna end up being assault with a deadly weapon. That's 20 years, okay? In Kentucky, sir, 20 years in prison because you wanted your fries hot and didn't know how to properly communicate that to a Wendy's employee. Now you about to go to prison.


Lemme tell you something. You about to go to prison and when they find out what you in there for, they going to give that fresh meat a nickname, okay? I promise you they gonna call you Young Baker nata in prison. All right? That's right. You gonna go into prison single. But after a few months, somebody gonna order a double. And when the word gets out that you like it hot, somebody gonna order a triple. That's a lot of meat. And I don't even want to tell you what that vanilla frosty is like in prison. Oh shit. But it's hot. Just the way you like it. Please give Ma JD James Wooden the biggest. He haw crazy world.


This is a very crazy world out here. The Frosty was crazy work. The vanilla frosty gonna be nasty. It's gonna be warm. That was crazy work. It's gonna be warm. Ooh, that's right. Mm. And they come with a straw too. All right, thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club, The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year.


One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield. Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase.


Earn points towards special rewards and more at Davids bridal dot Comba. Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play When you're bored, play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Btw group, no purchase necessary. Board web prohibited by law. See terms and conditions.