
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


As crazy as people in America, I really got Bronx. It's time for DONKEY day. We in the the, the craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the he. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produce Such strange, if I catch all as in traffic a whipper my y'all suck. It is just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club, man. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Monday, April 7th goes to Steve Ano.


Now Steve is from Florida. What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. Okay. There was a brother named James who called up here from Florida this morning. Salute James dropping a bomb for James. Happy born day brother. He called up here this morning and told me to stop calling Florida crazy. Why you want me to stop calling Florida what they are? I don't wake up in the morning looking for ways to call Florida crazy. It happens on his own. For example, I woke up this morning And I saw a headline and the headline Read Man Arrested for Battery of Lemonade Stand Worker Who denied him free refill. I had to read it twice because I saw lemonade and free refill and my mind automatically went to Chick-fil-A.


I don't know why. I just thought to myself, why wouldn't Chick-fil-A give him a free refill? But then I read it again and it said, man arrested for battery of Lemonade. Stand worker who denied free refill a Lemonade Stand. You mean like a young little girl? A boy sitting there with homemade lemonade selling it for a nickel. Probably $5 in this economy. But why would you expect a free refill at a Lemonade Stand? Let's go to the New York Daily News for the report please. A transient man was arrested for getting physical with a worker at a kid's Lemonade Stand in Florida when he was denied a free refill. Police in Clearwater claim. Stephen Ano came across the juice stand being operated by children and the victim in a residential area around 7:30 PM Tuesday and purchased one beverage.


He then became angry when he was not allowed to refill his cup. Ano 45 is accused of then grabbing the victim's wrist while standing in a fighting stance and threatening to beat her up before fleeing on foot. Cops said the suspect admitted to the confrontation. I had to look up what transient man meant for a second. Yeah, explain it please. A person who was staying or working in a place for only a short time just wanted to make sure it DONKEY that they could went somewhere else. Alright, I was confused. I thought he was going that way. All right. Steve really thought the Lemonade Stand had a rewards program. Okay, imagine arguing over free refills with a young girl. It was a young girl. She's out here being an entrepreneur trying to raise some money for a Barbie dream house and Steve wants unlimited refills on lemonade like he's at Olive Garden.


Okay, I want Steve to get beat up. We complicating this life thing. Okay? No need to waste taxpayer dollars sending him to jail. Steve is 45. Let him square up with somebody who can kick his ass because this is nothing but bullying. First of all, the Lemonade Stand worker he was upset with is a woman like I just said, a young girl and it it, it says the age of the female victim isn't noted in the report. But if it's a Lemonade Stand, I'm gonna just assume the little girl is young. Steve, you a 45-year-old grown man, get your hands off that girl and squabble up with somebody your own size. Okay? What's crazy is we live in a world where Steve might get with some other people who didn't get a free refill and file a class action lawsuit on behalf of 45-year-old losers everywhere.


And this is why I really don't like this story. This young girl was probably just hustling to get a new bike, a Roblox upgrade, maybe save up a couple of dollars to go see the new Minecraft movie. Great film by the way. And here comes Steve 45 years old, upset he couldn't get bottomless Lemonade. Lemonade for 50 cents. This isn't applebee Steve, you mad because life gave you lemons and this young girl is selling you what you should have turned those lemons into. You grabbed this young lady by the wrist, so says the report because you wanted a free refill on a cup of juice sold to you by someone who probably can't even spell refill yet. You probably wanted to leave this little girl a one star Yelp review, okay? No free refills, wouldn't recommend what's next.


You gonna go to a baked sale and raise hell because they didn't have no gluten-free brownies. Steve, this isn't Golden Corral. You are not at Red Lobster. This ain't bottomless pink lemonade. This is sidewalk economics. You gave her 50 cents, she gave you six ounces of diabetes transaction over, what was the joke? Gale King quoted from Mateo Lane again, don't you because that's all I don keep thinking don't this movement. Can I say it? No, No, No, no, no, no, no, no. Please, please give Steven Cusimano the biggest hee-haw. This one over here. Can I say it? Oh my goodness.


Hey yo. Alright. He grabbed the damn hand. He grabbed shorty hand. Know what I'm saying? Over not getting a free refill of lemonade. Yeah, some people just need to get beat up. All right, well thank you. Thank you for that DONKEY today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Do we have audio of Jess? Hilarious talking about how she met her fiance? No. Oh, he, he said it's coming in. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Both Jess, Hilarious and our producer Taylor, they said that they made the first move when it came to talking to their men. Period. Oh shit. What you say Ola, Period. No, I didn't 'cause I didn't know he was Spanish yet. Oh, okay. So try to, so the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot at someone you are into? Or do you or are you old fashioned? Be like, I'm not shooting my shot if he ain't hollering at me first We have the audio. Let's play the audio. I met him February 23rd, 2023. I was just finishing up a co-hosting day at Breakfast Club. This, this is a year before I got the position. And I met him and he, he's a truck driver, so he was on a stop And I went into a restaurant and I'm, I'm flirting with him and everything and he wasn't really paying me no mind. So I'm like, did he know Who you were? Yeah, He did. But he thought that like, he was like, I don't wanna be a part of no roast battle. Like I don't even, that's the thing.


People are intimidated. Guys are intimidated Yeah. By me. 'cause they feel like I, you know, you would try to clown 'em. That's right. And so he just was like, oh God, this girl, nah. So I'm drinking and everything and then we, we talking, I'm, I'm still picking with him. I made him laugh and then that's when I, that's when he cracked and then he started engaging more And I didn't realize how drunk I was until I got up and went to the bathroom. I was like, damn, I'm drunk. I gotta get outta here. So on my way back to the seat, he was like, Hey, I, before I leave, I wanted to know if I could take you out, would you let me take you out? And I was like, Oh, now you want to know. And I'm all drunk And I period. I love it. So the question now you got a baby 5 5, 1 0 5.


That's right. Yes, yes, yes. What Taylor That I want Taylor to tell her story. Let's make all the single ladies up here feel bad. Taylor, you come tell your story after the break. No, I did Taylor bed time. Come now. We got about 60 seconds. When she coming fast, she pregnant. Come. Oh, she better run. She alright. She better run. So question, come out of breath. Talking about there. She, so if you're just joining us, we're asking ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot at someone you're into? Taylor, you did the same, you shot your shot. Yeah, I did. Okay. But we were at my friend's like little function Emini here. Okay Bro, she's six months prior, But me and him were like looking at each other.


And then I just went up to him And I was like, so what's up? How are you? I'm doing, he started talking. I think I asked him like a random question. Like, oh, I asked him. All right, so a zombie breakout. So what are we doing? Classic Tale Zombie. What we started talking about, It was just a fun conversation in an icebreaker. And you was high. I'm sure absolutely high. Yeah. If you ask about a zombie break, definitely was high. Like, come on now, be Very clear. I say this when I'm sober. So then after that we talked for like four hours near the waterfront. No one knows Dumbo Brooklyn. Yeah. Look at now. Look. Got pregnant. Yo, you know it's real love.


When you ask about a zombie breakout, he don't run the other way and he's into it. He, that was zombie. That's love. Swear I'd caught your clown, but I love it. I love that. Justin Taylor out here shooting shots, scoring. Okay, meanwhile, y'all out here sitting back in the cut being patient. Okay, praying. Lauren's the waiting. She she shot. She still eight but eight types of blessings. 1 0 5 1. Ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club the morning. The Breakfast Club


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


The number one hip podcast, the girlfriends is back with something new. The girlfriends spotlight. Where each week you'll hear women share their stories of triumph over adversity. You'll meet Luann who escaped a secretive religious community. Do I want my freedom or do I want my family And now helps other women get out too? I loved my girls. I still love my girls. Come and join our Girl gang. Listen to the Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.