
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the up in the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season Premier Raising Canaan. Watch now. Only on Stars in the Stars app.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, What's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, they made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways, bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed or have they ever performed way too drunk or high or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they stunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts with Eric Andre.


Yes, you are a Everything DONKEY Today for Friday, March 7th goes the 24-year-old Adonis Robinson and 21-year-old Jacoby Russell. I really hate to do this story on a Friday, but if not now, when those two yns or the suspects in custody wanted for the Forests Hill murder of a 30-year-old man named Ronnie Sibley and his 5-year-old daughter, Roman Sibley, well one of 'em is in custody. I think I don is in custody. I don't know if both of 'em are, but let's go to Fox four news for the report please. Two capitol murder suspects are now identified and subjects of a manhunt, they're Scared, they're cowards, they're hiding.


They are 24-year-old Adonis Robinson and 21-year-old Jacoby Russell, both of Fort Worth investigators say the two are the gunman captured by surveillance cameras at a car wash Monday during the ambush and double murder of music Rap artist Ronnie Sibley and his five-year-old daughter Armani. We have Public enemy number one, Adonis Robinson, Who's Also a registered sex offender, public enemy number two, Jacoby Russell, who's on the run. Yes, I Don Robinson is in custody. Jacoby Russell is on the run at this point. I don't even know what can be said.


What can I say on this radio this morning that has never been said before? And the answer is absolutely nothing. What do I tell y'all all the time? If you're paying attention to your Uncle Sharla, I tell you all the time that every day of our lives, all we are trying to do is avoid crazy, the crazy that exists within us, okay? Right here. All right. We try to avoid that, okay? That's why. That's why I wake up And I prayed And I meditate And I read my daily affirmations. I set my intentions for the day And I do my best to contain the crazy that exists in this head of mind. Okay? That's why I thank God for therapy and all the mindfulness mechanisms I use on a daily, weekly basis to avoid crazy. But see, that's the crazy. You can somewhat contain the crazy of other people is completely outta your control.


There is nothing that Brother Ronnie could have done to prevent whatever was going on in the minds of Adonis Robinson and Jacoby Russell. That's the type of crazy that we hope to avoid every day. But sometimes that crazy finds you, and that's what happened in this situation. Police say a motive for the killing is unclear, but does a motive even matter? There is not a motive you could tell me that would justify this man and his 5-year-old daughter being shot and killed. There is nothing that would even make sense for me. Okay? I can hear both of these brothers now saying, I didn't know his daughter was in the car. Or maybe they knew his daughter was in the car and didn't care either way. It don't matter. She's a 5-year-old girl who was just spending some time with her father. In fact, family spokesperson Bishop Rodney McIntosh said the 5-year-old girl was just, just dropped off to her father at the car wash minutes before the deadly gunfire.


I don't have anything for y'all this morning. I was born in 1,978 and there's nothing I can say on this radio today that hasn't already been said a million times in my 46 years of existence. Okay? It's a cycle of violence that I don't know where it began, And I don't know when or if it's ever going to end. Okay? Police have not said how the suspects knew Ronnie, but they said the music industry is part of the investigation. The music industry really, the music industry guns. I have to tell you though, the music industry doesn't kill people, okay? And guns don't kill people, okay? People in the music industry kill people and people with guns kill people. The moral of the story is, I understand all the external factors that push people to do certain things, but what about the internal?


Okay? At certain times, I don't want to hear about anything else. I want to look at young men like Adonis and Jacoby and say, Hey, this is your fault, okay? Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. And you two made a very, very, very poor choice that led to a 30-year-old man and his 5-year-old daughter getting killed. Now, Adonis is in custody. Jacoby as of right now from what I'm seeing, is still on the run. But where you going? Jacoby Russell. Okay? Stop prolonging the inevitable. You're going to prison forever and that prison sentence you're going to get was earned. And that's why the judge gonna give it to you. The World is just an exhausting place, okay? And we as a people got so much to deal with. But you know, one thing I wish we didn't have to fear each other, okay?


There is a lot of opposition. We as men, black men have to deal with on a daily basis. And I wish I could scratch each other off that list. I'm not your op. I don't want you to be mine either. Can you imagine if we lived in a world that no matter what else was going on, no matter what other issues we had to deal with, we didn't have to worry about each other. Wouldn't that be nice? There is three black men gone because of this situation. And one young princess who won't get the opportunity to grow into a queen, so many families ruin forever. So much trauma that's gonna take generations to heal because of the poor choices of two young niggas.


That's all I got because the reality is I feel like I'm wasting my breath. Please let Remy ma give Adonis Robinson and Jacoby Russell the biggest heehaw. He haw, he haw you stupid mother, are you dumb? So stupid, So sad. Did y'all see that video of his daughter's friend from school? I guess Ronnie had came and did like a Valentine's Day celebration with his daughter in school and one of the little girl's dad didn't show up, so he like celebrated with them and she made a video. Her mom posted it and was just like, I missed you in school today. And was like giving a camera hug 'cause she didn't come to school. Wow. Yeah. So sad little baby. So a little baby. All right, Well thank you for that DONKEY of the Day.


DONKEY of the Day is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in The Morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, they made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways, bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed, or have they ever performed way too drunk or high, or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they sunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts with every country.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Len's from Imagine iHeartPodcasts in Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series.


Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls, and then I decided I wanted to tell my own story.


Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.