
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com


In Mississippi. Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten asylum Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety, something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white.


My wife, The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Schwan, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day? Well, DONKEY of the Day for Wednesday, March 12th goes the representative Keith Self of Texas. Now I am fully aware that I am not mature enough to have certain conversations because my default setting is laughter. Okay? I am a very unserious person because we live in the United States of anxiety and I've been dealing with anxiety and panic attacks my whole life. And if it's one thing therapy has taught me, it's we must always find joy And I find joy in jokes. Okay? In this situation with Representative Keith Self gave me great joy. I laughed a lot because Keith Self decided to abruptly adjourn a congressional hearing on Tuesday after being challenged for referring to representative Sarah McBride of Delaware as a man.


Now, maybe you don't know, don't show or don't give a damn that Sarah McBride is the first openly transgender lawmaker in Congress. Okay? That is a fact in the Europe subcommittee of the House of Foreign Affairs Panel, by the way, I have no idea what that is, but it sounds fancy. That panel was in the middle of a hearing on arms control and US assistance to Europe when his chairman, representative Keith Self of Texas introduced his colleague by calling Sarah McBride. Mr, let's go to six a BC News for the report please. Professional hearing came to an abrupt end yesterday after a Republican colleague misgendered newly elected Delaware representative Sarah McBride. I now recognize the representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride.


Thank you Madam Chair. Ranking Member, as you just heard, Texas Republican, Keith Self, the Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee address McBride is Mr. McBride hit back by responding. Thank you, Madame Chair. McBride made history last year by becoming the first openly transgender person elected to Congress. After the exchange, Massachusetts representative William Keating defended his Democratic colleague, Mr. Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, have you known decency Emini? Here? I, Jeff, come to know you a little bit, but this is not decent. We will continue this. You will not continue it with me unless you introduce a duly elected representative. The right way South end immediately adjourned the meeting.


McBride says she was disappointed and was prepared to move forward with questions for the subcommittee. Now, let the record show. I believe Representative William Keating of Massachusetts was trying to be funny, okay? He wanted Keith Self to repeat himself for the same reason I wanted Keith Self to say it again for my own personal enjoyment. And you heard Keith Self, he doubled down and can we hear it again one more time, right? Can we hear that? Only hear it in full. Lemme hear it in full. Now the representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride, Thank you Madam Chair, ranking member Keating also wonderful. Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry, could you repeat your introduction again, please? Yes. It's a, it's a, we have set the standard on the floor of the house And I'm simply, What is that standard, Mr.


Chairman, the standard. Would you repeat what you just said? I, when you introduced a duly elected representative from the United States of America, please, I will. The representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride, You couldn't wait. Mr. Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, have you known decency Emini here? I, I've come to know you a little bit, but this is not decent. We will continue this here. You will not continue it with me unless you introduce a dually elected representative. The right way, Way. I have to play white devil's advocate here because I understand where Mrs Self is coming from because I too have been wondering what to do in this situation because as Keith self explained on social media, and I'm quoting him here, it is the policy of the United States to recognize two sexes, male and female.


Why? Because one of President Trump's early moves of his second term was to sign an executive order that the federal government would only recognize two sexists and they were not changeable. Okay? An executive order was signed. It's right there in black and white. I don't know what to do in this situation. It's all so confusing. So William Keating, you getting frustrated with Mr. Self when all he's doing is what your boss told him to do? Did a memo go out telling members of Congress what to do in this situation after Trump signed that executive order? Of course it didn't. So I'm not really upset at Keith Self for doing what the president told him to do. What I am upset about and the reason I'm giving Keith self DONKEY today is because he adjourned the session. See, these petty culture wars are hurting democracy.


You heard me say earlier that they were in the middle of a hearing on arms control and US assistance to Europe. I kind of know what that is. I believe I know what that means, but I know one thing for sure. That panel is more important than whether or not Sarah McBride is referred to as Mr or missed. And you know who knows that better than anyone? Sarah McBride. See, on other occasions, Republicans presiding over the floor and in hearings have either tried to stay away from the issue by referring to Sarah as the member from Delaware, even though the custom is to refer to lawmakers as gentlemen or gentlewoman. I actually like them just referring to her as the member from Delaware, even though I don't know if Sarah has had their members surgically removed, but Sarah rarely discusses or calls attention to her identity.


Okay? This is how she conducted herself on her campaign and in her first march of Congress, she prefers to talk about economic issues. And that's what I want all you elected officials to do. Focus on the actual issues that impact our world. Okay? Keith Self, there's no reason to adjourn a meeting because you was challenged on calling Sarah or him. When William Keating says you outta order, say, well, hey, the president signed an executive order and that's what I'm following, but to take your ball and run home because your ego got bruised. Come on man. Grow up. You a member of Congress. We got bigger issues to deal with. You can't just take your balls and go home and neither can Sarah McBride, ironically.


Ironically, she's the only person in this situation with balls, so you're right, Keith, but you're also wrong. Please give Representative Keith Self the biggest. He haw. It's this big issue to deal with guys and girls. Mm and girl guys, it's crazy.


Well, thank you for that. It's a big issue to deal with. That's all I'm saying. Thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture, we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special, our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Mki family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug today In Mississippi, Yazoo Clay keeps secrets.


7,000 bodies out there or More. A forgotten asylum Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety, something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. 45 years ago, a Virginia soul band called the Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business, the edge Of daybreak, eyes of love, but supposed to have been followed up by another app.


Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing.


Karen, Have you brought us Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.