
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the upend. The lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season premier raising Canaan. Watch now only on Stars. In the Stars app.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss, I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with Hate. Sheila, Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news? If I catch all As And I whipper y'all, it's just one of be many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club.


Who was Kodak talking to when he said that? I don't know. DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, March 11th goes to a Florida woman named Gianine White. What does Y Kahala always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. Now Gian N is a substitute teacher. Growing up, we all loved the substitute teacher because the substitute didn't give a damn. Okay? I have no idea what type of life substitute teachers led outside of being substitute teachers, but the ones I grew up with didn't care what we did when they subbed for us as long as we was behaving. But Gianine is not one of those teachers. In fact, Gianine cares a little too much and she does a little too much.


She took her job a little too seriously And I will never, for the life of me understand why adults think it's perfectly okay to play with other people's kids as if these kids don't have adults that loved them. Okay? Parents that will come put hands on your punk ass. And I'm telling you right now, Gianine believes in violence. So if a parent came through who also believes in violence and wanted to teach Gianine a lesson, she would have every right to do that. Okay? Wait until you hear the story. Let's go to First Coast News for the report please. An arrest warrant from February 12th provides a JSO officer's account of what they heard from witnesses. The report says Janine White, a substitute teacher, was frustrated when a student refused to break into small groups.


It says she asked the class, Who In Here Can Beat Him Up? After four kids raised their hands, she called on them one by one to fight the student while she watched the report says white pushed the student causing him to hit a desk and police saw a cut and bruises around his ear. First Coast YMCA said in a statement, the substitute was properly vetted. They did an internal investigation that resulted in terminating the substitute and reporting the incident to DCF. We tried to call white at a number listed in the report. Someone answered but immediately hung up when we said we were with the news White faces a felony child abuse charge and several misdemeanors. Her name is Janine. Why she had all those letters to to Janine got me saying Gianine.


Janine was a substitute at YMCA Tiger Academy in Jacksonville, Florida, SL to everybody who listens to us on 93.3 to beat in Jacksonville, drop on a clue bump from 93.3 beat. This is why we want substitute teachers to come in and not touch anything. Instead, Janine comes in and orchestrates a classroom fight club. Okay? 57 years old and she was upset that an elementary school student supposedly ignored a request from her. This report says she wasn't feeling well, I don't care if you don't feel well, stay your ass at home. Don't bring that funky negative energy around those kids. Then you end up projecting that nasty ass attitude onto others. It's all projection and that projection caused you to line those kids up in a single fo line and beat on some poor little child.


For no damn reason other than your fragile ass ego was bruised for successive attacks from students. Then Janine, the 57-year-old woman, after the, the person got beat up four times, pushed the victim to the ground, causing him to hit his head on the desk. You can't tell me that this woman, Janine shouldn't receive the same treatment. Okay? She should get beat up by four different family members of this young child and the young child's parent should be pushing her head into a desk. Okay? The other thing I really despise about this story is that in the news report, it says, Janine dragged the student on the ground by the collar and reported him to school authorities and told school authorities the little boy was in need of behavioral assistance. No ma'am.


Nope, nope, nope. You are in need of behavioral assistance. Okay? You need a therapist and a exorcism. This is what happens when the wrong people get hired for the right job. Okay? This is like gang initiation over education. You might as well have been putting this, you might as well have, you know, got this child jumped into a set. Okay? By the way, Florida, explain to me why you can't read certain books in school, but you can run a classroom fight ring, okay? You can't organize about black history, but you can organize a beat down of a student. You supposed to be giving kids an outline of the syllabus, not an outline of the UFC training manual. Please let Remy ma give Janine White the biggest Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw.


You stupid mother. Are you Dumb? I'm telling you right now, this is why more and more people are homeschooling their kids. 'cause you can't trust your kids around other adults. Mm Damn Right? And this supposed to be a public servant. This supposed to be a person that comes to this school and you know, is just there for the betterment of the students and think about what she's doing to these kids Wanna play a game? No, I don't actually, I don't wanna play a game. Why not? Because there's no need. Wow. Her name is Jeanine, but she spells it G-E-A-N-E-N-E. All black. What? Her last name is white though.


Yeah, but with all 'em letters Is it was too much. Yeah, it was too much. She black. She black? Yeah, She's black. Oh, I'm saying, you wanna see how black she's, yes. Lemme see. Lemme mind you man. I told you she's from Florida now. Alright, let see, hold on. Be prepared to see what you gonna see now. Okay, hold on now. Alright. Oh you Oh man. Damn. Damn Florida Evans indeed. Okay, all right. Right. Alright. She looked like she had beat the hell outta somebody. It's crazy. Alright. She had these dresses. She was 16 too. They used to be long and thick. That's wow. Lord heaven. Jesus. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


She really looked like all my life I had to fight, Don't you? All my life I had to Fight all my life. I had to fight. So now that your now your kids' gotta fight too. Daddy. Jesus. Jesus. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. She probably knew Jesus. What she only 57. She is Not that old though. Emini here. Her not age Track. But yeah, she definitely, yeah, she definitely, Her body age is 103. Easily. She's stressed. Yeah. Well, if she need to leave, go, go do something to deal with that stress. That's Damn kids though. No. Nope. She's taking that stress out on them kids. That's the problem. Damn. Stop. Yeah, stop. That's The Putting that in my face, man. What is that? First of all, pause, but what is that? What, what, what?


It was elementary, middle, high. Was it elementary? Elementary. Oh yes. Little kids. All Right. Well,


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the upend, the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season premier raising Canaan. Watch now. Only on Stars. In the Stars app


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork, you need biome. Forget all the generic health fads. Biome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to viome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star. Star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.