
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the


lineup@sxsw.com. At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


You give. Give It to him on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne, the guy, he's a DONKEY. That was, oh Man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the day to who? Now? DONKEY of the Day for Wednesday, February 19th goes to Terrell Fron, known as ASAP Rally. Now, I never heard of a brother before this case with ASAP Rocky. If you haven't heard, by the way, asap, Rocky was facing two felony counts of assault with a firearm in connection with this altercation that happened with ASAP Rally. But yesterday he was acquitted of shooting asap Rally found not guilty on all charges.


Let's go to a BC News for report please. Asap Rocky was looking at more than two decades behind bars if he had been found guilty. So if we put ourselves in his shoes, it's easy to understand the amount of emotion and joy and relief we saw from him when the verdict was handed down. Not guilty. Relief and joy as asap. Rocky heard, not guilty. The rapper whose real name is Raki Mayer's literally leaping into the arms of his partner, superstar Rihanna. It was the first of two verdicts handed down in his favor as he faced two felony counts of assault with a deadly weapon accused of firing a semi-automatic firearm at former friend ASAP Rally in November of 2021. This Whole experience has been crazy for the past four years, but I'm thankful nonetheless.


I'm thankful. And this we blessed to be here right now to be a free man talking to y'all. Thank you. All praise do to God. Traveling the clue bombs for ASAP Rock and all praises due to God. Why they keep calling him Rakim? I thought it was Rakim. Ain't he named after Rakim? Rakim, yeah. Yeah. They keep saying Rakim, but let's be clear. ASAP Rally was just trying to get paid. All right. Nothing more, nothing less. And this is The World that we live in. When you are a person of stature, you know some celebrity people think you got some paper, you'll always look like a walking lick to those folks, which is why my advice to everyone who got something to lose isolation, right? Put your boundaries up, stay within your circle. Everybody that's not within that circle is dangerous.


And as we see in this case, sometimes people in your circle are dangerous most of the time, the most dangerous. Now, I know this type of betrayal has been going on since the beginning of time, but we really in a sue happy world, and you got folks like ASAP Rally who are looking for a quick payday and they don't care who they lie on to get it. Now, the reason ASAP Rally is getting DONKEY today is because he can't even rat. Right? All right, re you just on the stand and got caught lying every which way. Emini here. You took the stand and just lied, lied, lied every which way you could possibly think of. I'm talking up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Press B, press a, press start. Oh, re you going. Need all the lives you can get.


Okay? You got on the stand and tried to take Rocky out, but you're spitting the wind and now you the one with Hawk tour on your chin. Okay? According to Rocky's defense, you committed perjury. All right? Allegedly. Okay. Some of your mistruths, according to TMZ and the New York Times included you denying shooting guns at a firing range in LA only to be confronted with video of you shooting guns at a firing range in la Rocky's lawyer, asap Joe, what's his name? Taco. Taco Pina asap. Joe Taco Pina, I think. Taco Pina. Taco Pina. He thinks you're a liar so much that he blamed the LA County's DA office for embracing perjury. Now, what I found interesting was there was these phone calls and in the phone calls, you admitted you just wanted some money, okay?


In fact, you said you wanted to try to shake Rocky down for money in a certain way because you didn't want to be accused of extortion. Can we listen to that call Already? I already know Emini here, 30 s, I walk away basically because I'm gonna be on another island. Just relax. You get what I'm saying? They're gonna be scrambling to find me because now they have to go against Rocky, the state and you have evidence and this that, but not gonna be the same when you present it to a jury. Yeah. And you don't have a complainant witness. Now this call was presented in court and listen to what re said about the call. Why don't you call Mr because you guys just keep playing fake audio.


Tune me, like fake stuff. I never said none of that to you, it doesn't even make sense. It was in that moment that the jurors made up their mind, okay? Between this and the fact that the weapon Rocky had was a prop gun. By the way, Rocky don't ever do that. Why you walking around with a prop gun for protection? Okay, how is that gonna scare somebody? Alright. Especially somebody with a real gun. What if they quicker on to draw than you? What if they pulled ass while you pull yours? Then what? You rich, higher armed security. But listen, rally, the moral of the story is y'all Negroes watch too much power, okay? Matter of fact, you not even power you empire. You wasn't even trying to be realistic, really. Okay? If Rally was a GPS, you'd never reach your destination.


It'd be just a bunch of wrong turns and detours. He's the friend that tells you he's five minutes away and hasn't even left the house yet, just lying for no reason. And rarely you found out firsthand what happens when you put your hand on a Bible and lie, Rocky found not guilty but you. Oh, no, no, no. You wasted the DA's time playing around. Somebody gotta go to jail. Okay? Why not the guy who allegedly may have committed perjury? Why not the guy who allegedly was trying to extort their friend for $30 million rally? You said they was gonna be scrambling to find you on an island. Well, I think that in the future, that island's gonna be Rikers. Okay?


Please let rib ma give Terrell Rin AKA asap. Rally the biggest. He haw. He Haw, he haw you stupid Mother, are you dumb? Mm Boy. People can lie. He Should be prosecuted. That's crazy. If he was found Persian Prosecute n words can lie for no reason, can't they? Because people gotta stop that. Yeah. What? Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Lie all the Time. Who? You. I tell you I'm lying though, And I tell you, trust me, even though I'm lying, okay? And I tell you that you should believe me even when I'm lying, the moral of the story is I'm telling you I'm lying. Alright,


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Ready to celebrate The magic of live music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Feature BS is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone right? These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary.


Sponsored by future health


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.