
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva. On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg, the one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up with Hate. I Called DONKEY of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne who got the DONKEY of Day today? Well, DONKEY today for Monday, March 17th goes the 3-year-old Jason Gilder of Houston, Texas.


Now, full disclosure, this story happened a couple of weeks ago, but the reason I'm bringing this up now is because I need an update. Okay? I need to know what happened to these $769,000 earrings that Jay allegedly robbed from Tiffany and Company Jewelry. Now, let the record show this story happened in Florida, Orlando, to be exact, but since Jay isn't from Florida, I'm not gonna put this on y'all Sunshine State, but just know Jay was down there for just a little while and he participated in some Florida foolishness. Okay? Now, according to an arrest affidavit reviewed by CBS News, Jay presented, Jay pretended to represent a professional basketball player, okay? He went in there cos playing as Rich Paul, and he told staff that his name was Sean and he was negotiating a sale on behalf of a player on the Orlando Magic basketball team.


By the way, he picked the right team because I guarantee you people in Orlando can't name more than one player on the magic. Okay? I know Palo Ero better not say his name too loud because Trump will try to have him deported. I know Contavious Caldwell Pope, but that's because he played for the leaguers, the nuggets in one ring with both, I believe Cole Anthony plays for the magic and the white dude who's been winning the dunk contest the last few years, he's on the magic this year too. But he don't count because they just stick him on a roster so he can participate in the dunk contest. He not all the way on the team. He on the team like a little bit. A little bit. Just when it's around All Star weekend. There you go. Yes. So if you gonna say you represent a player on an NBA team, the magic is a safe bet. Okay? It won't be too many questions asked. Where did the story go from there though?


Well, let's go to Fox 35, Orlando for the report, please. Here is the x-ray. You're looking at just over 13 carats of diamonds inside Jahan Gilder's stomach. That's almost $800,000. Video shows the 3-year-old checking out the Tiffany and co jewels at the mall of Millennia Wednesday before snatching two pairs of earrings and booking it. His employee Trying to stop him from leaving the store. OPD says he made it to a car and was headed for Texas. When FHP arrested him in Washington County, that's when troopers say he swallowed the stolen goods from swipes to smash and grabs.


Records show Gilder has been arrested multiple times for theft rings to Rolexes the target, always expensive jewelry. This man really tried to turn himself into a human safe deposit box. Okay, Jason, this isn't what the kids have in mind when they say you ate that. Okay, this man swallowed a pair of $769,000 earrings. Look, I don't understand why people go this hard pretending, okay? If you're gonna go outta your way to pretend to be someone who represents an NBA player, come up with this elaborate scheme. Know where you're going, know what you're gonna say when you get there. If you can do all of that, then you can go fill out a job application, okay? You can come up with a business plan, as I've said to you all a million times.


There is no right way to do the wrong thing. And if you can spend time and energy on doing something wrong, then you can spend time and energy on doing something right? It's that simple for me, okay? It is one thing to just be a lazy bum with no drive, but it's another to have the drive, but st but spend that time doing something dumb. Now, the reason I'm bringing this story up again is because I need to know how it ended, okay? Yeah, yeah, I I know he was charged with grand theft in the first degree and robbery with a mask. I know he was charged in a near identical robbery from a Tiffany and company store back in 2022. I know he's being held on 48 separate failure to appear warrants. But how did this story end?


See wise elders in my life have told me in regards to trouble, this too shall pass. And that applies to your bows as well. Okay? See, there is no such thing as a successful crime when your escape plan involves digestion. When a man turns himself into a walking, talking treasure chest by swallowing over $700,000 in jewelry, you just have to wait for nature to take his course. And I got questions. Who was the detective assigned to this case that had to wait to collect the evidence? Do the earrings go back to Tiffany's and can you completely wash fecal matter off diamonds? If I see those diamonds in the case and say those diamonds are the sh, guess what? Whether I know it or not, Emini here that literally, okay, digging through this man's feces, the collect this evidence is the worst tresa hunt ever.


Will these diamonds cut this man's bunkie when he poops them out? Will Tiffany's get their merchandise back and label it lightly used in prison? Will his nickname be little jewelry box or bling bling? But, and if he doesn't tell other inmates those diamonds not in him anymore, how many inmates gonna want to go on a treasure hunt of their own? And if they need another reason to get in your ass in jail, I have so many questions that need answers And I will be here patiently waiting on updates. In the meantime, please give Jason Gil the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You the DONKEY of the day.


You're the DONKEY of the day. It's never that serious. But I do have questions. Update me please. Well, I don't know if you realize, but people can swallow a lot of things and it actually poops out. I know this in my, in the in, in my book, real life, real love. We talk about the time. My daughter ate a penny And I had to do the same thing she had, she pooped out like nine. You know, she, so every time you poop you gotta go through the Pam And I had to go through the each pam to see if I found that penny. But that's your daughter. And after the 11th time, I found that penny. But when I called the doctor to see if she would've actually pass it, they were like, yeah, people pass all types of stuff.


Like people have passed nails, people have passed dollars, people have passed coins, people have passed diamonds. But that's your daughter swallow, swallowed a penny. I'm sure by accident. This is a grown ass man who went to go swallow diamonds on purpose. You Wouldn't, you wouldn't fish it out. I got questions. I want to know how this, I wanna know how it ended. There's more to the story. I Wouldn't out 700,000. I'm Saying thousand. Yeah. All right it out Surgeon that day. Hmm. And if it ain't coming out, we gonna open his stomach. What's up? Well, I don't know if you could open his up. Well, I guess you can now. You know I'm saying it'd probably be easier to let it come out the butt than to go in his stomach. Nah, let It out the butt. Yeah, they'd probably give him all types of laxatives and just let it, You just wait there by the hole. Would you wait by the hole? Well you can't, you can't go in the toilet.


You gotta, you gotta do, you Gotta wait by the hole. Would you? You know what I'm, I'm question. Would you wait by the Hole? No, I wouldn't wait by the hole. You would what? Well, if I had to get the 700,000, You gotta wait by the hole. I can't. In what position? You Had your legs up? Spread 'em. Let's get it. Yeah, I'm out. I don't wanna say it. I'm gonna Goggles put a hazmat suit. Come on. Just push I'm catch it. You catch, you gonna count. Dang right. Whatcha talking about? That's the hundred thousand now would you No, I'm doing okay in life. I'm doing great Actually. You're doing great as well And I, I'm doing great As well And I make sure I get that Don. I don't care who answers in. I'm cool. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork, you need biome. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to ome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star, star 4 88 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Experience vibrant senior living with award-winning services at BrightView Senior Living Communities at BrightView, our residents enjoy resort style amenities, daily programs, exciting social and cultural events, and delicious chef prepared meals. But that's not all BrightView. Residents also enjoy complimentary transportation, safety, security, and high quality care if needed. BrightView Senior Living Communities. Learn more about the possibilities@brightviewseniorliving.com.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.