
Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


At public.com you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing Inc. Member Fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is. We in this piece, trap nerds. Trap nerds real like it never heard. We giving you reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts, new episodes every Thursday.


There is no Question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are A DONKEY To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife was white, white Practice club Bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? Well, DONKEY today for Tuesday, July 23rd goes to an Ohio Republican, a senator by the name of George Lang. He represents the hometown of vice presidential Republican nominee JD Vance.


And yesterday he did with a lot of supporters of MAGA Do Best and that's few dangerous rhetoric that can lead to political violence. Let's listen to what Senator George Lang had to say. NBC five. Lets go to NBC five for the report. Please You know how these things work at a poli, a political rally where several speakers get up before the main event. One of those Republican speakers today was state Senator George Lang, who's from Butler County here. And he said, if the Democrats won the White House, here's what would have to happen to turn it around. Donald Trump and Butler County's JD Vance are the last chance to save our country politically. I'm afraid if we lose this one, it's gonna take a civil war to save the country and it will be saved.


Senator Lang releasing an apology on X, formerly known as Twitter saying, quote remarks I made earlier today at a rally in Middletown do do not accurately reflect my views. I regret the divisive remarks I made in the excitement of the moment on stage, especially in light of the assassination attempt on President Trump last week. We should all be mindful of what is said at political events, myself included. I'm afraid if we lose this one, it's going to take a civil war to save the country and it will be saved. I can't believe it's been only about 10 days since an assassination attempt happened to former President Donald Trump, JD Vance and other Republicans said that it was the dangerous rhetoric from Democrats about Trump that led to the assassination attempt.


I say you can't even talk about dangerous rhetoric that leaves the political violence without first speaking about Donald Trump and second speaking about damn near everyone around him that supports him. Okay? Donald Trump's rhetoric has created an environment of political violence that he's not even safe in. No politician is. And when you hear You know senators like George Lang say things like it's gonna take a Civil war to save the country. And then you think about You, know the president of the Heritage Foundation, Kevin Roberts You know the architect of Project 2025. Remember when he said this? In spite of all this nonsense from the left, we are going to win. We're in the process of taking this country back and we are in the process of the second American Revolution, which will remain bloodless if the left allows it to be At some point.


Ladies and Gman, you have to say one side is absolutely inciting political violence and one side is just simply telling the truth about who's spewing the dangerous rhetoric that can lead to political violence. Did I ever tell you about back in May, I was walking in New York and a random guy walked up to me, Caucasian he had on khakis and a polo. And he said to me verbatim, he said, well, he said, he said my name and then he said some flattering things to me and at this point I'm on guard because he didn't say no flattering stuff to you. He did. He Did. He did. He did. He did say some flattering things to me. Okay? And at this point I was on guard because why would anyone be saying anything nice to me? Alright, but he said to me verbatim, I want you to start speaking to the fact he said this to me, that regardless who of who wins in this country, it's gonna be a civil war.


One of the reasons he said that is because of people like Senator George Lang or Kevin Roberts and You know, of course Donald Trump You know and he led an insurrection to this country. But he said, regardless of who wins, You know it's gonna be a civil war. And guess what? We don't know why that guy took a shot at Trump last weekend or the weekend before last. But that leads me to believe that maybe this random white dude who stopped me in the street was on to something. And this is what I don't understand from our elected officials and from us. We the people. Why do we want this civil unrest? Have things gotten so bad in this country that political parties can't agree on anything? Is there that much of a disconnect that we have to go to war with each other?


And I'm telling you right now, it won't matter If you rich or poor, it won't matter what neighborhood you live in. It won't matter where you work. It don't matter what you driving in America where there is a civil war going on is not in America I want to live in. Okay? And we can continue to play stupid and act like we don't know where all of this negative energy is coming from, but we do. Okay. Kevin Roberts, Trump supporters senator to George Lang Trump supporter, people who storm the capitol, Trump supporters. At some point, everybody was some common sense regardless of what your political party is gotta be like, how did we get here? And furthermore, how do we get out? I don't know what the answer to that is. Okay? I'm not about to lie to y'all and tell y'all I do okay. I can't sit around I I do no voting as a start though.


And I can't say voting is going to end it, but I just know voting is indeed a start. I can't sit around and not encourage people to do something. When you have people like Senator to George Lang, Kevin Robs and Donald Trump out here talking like this, but someone smarter than me has to tell me what to do. Now. If, you heard the news report earlier then you heard Senator to George Lang say he regretted using divisive language at a time of political violence. What happens If, you yell bomb on a plane, If you yell bomb on a plane. It causes panic, maybe evacuations and legal consequences. You can't just say my bad after that. You can't just apologize your way outta screaming bomb on a plane and you shouldn't be able to just apologize for saying that it's gonna be a civil war if your particular political party loses an election.


I'm not telling you who to vote for, but if these people are willing to go to war about their vote, then damn it, you should use yours. Okay? 'cause it's about to get crazy out here. Please let Kathy Griffin give, send to George Lang the biggest. He haw. Please Give this giant jar Romeo the biggest hee-Haw And You. know my man, Lil Duval You. know the the, the great black philosopher from Jacksonville named Lil Duvall. He tweeted a a a couple of days ago because I saw him posted on Instagram. He said, I'm not sure exactly what's about to happen, but something is about to happen and it's gonna be nothing that we can prepare for And I agree. Okay?


That's all I can tell y'all. I agree. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Welcome. Welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is? We in this piece, Tra Nurse Trap Nerd real like it never heard.


We giving you Reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black in effect podcast network, iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


New episodes every Thursday. What's Good? It's Cole Wit and Eating While Broke Is Back for season three. Brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone, thugs and Harmony, and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by State Farm Like. a good neighbor State Farm is there, Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network.


Each and every Monday perspective with Bank Podcast will feature individuals all walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging, enlightened conversation. This podcast will explore all type of conversations from everyday people, your favorite celebrities. Every Monday, listen to perspective with Bank on Black Effect podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by at and t Connecting changes everything. Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the HIT Podcast, family Secrets. Imagine this, your parents sign away your childhood to an academic psychological study. And what about if your sister is very publicly tried, convicted, and sent to prison when really she was just telling her long buried truths?


These tough questions are just a few that we'll be grappling with on our upcoming 10th season of Family Secrets. Listen to season 10 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.