
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are You ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhone. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone. For details.


They gave me DONKEY other day. And I deserve the need to know they Well, you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell, tell, tell. Tell us, man. It's time for DONKEY of the day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. He trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only charmagne Damn Charlemagne who you giving dust here today to now Here today for Friday, October 25th goes to Mel Mel Gibson. Okay, listen, it's presidential election season. We got 11 days left, I believe, until election day according to the internet and others. I'm getting paid by Kamala Harris's campaign to talk about her every day. So let me earn my check. Okay. Can I hold something?


I don't have it. Soon as I get this invisible money, I'll give you something. Look, I think most people have their mind made up by now. Some voting Democrats, some voting Republicans, some voting third party, some not voting at all. I don't care who you vote for. I don't care what you choose to do, as long as you are making an informed dec decision. Okay? A caller called up here earlier and said that I sometimes get mad when people tell me they're voting for Trump. I don't get mad when folks say they are voting for Trump. I get mad when people tell me dumb ass reasons. They are voting for Trump. And Mel Gibson was caught on TMZ cameras giving his reasons for why he's choosing to vote for Trump. And let's listen to what he said. I don't think it's going to surprise anyone to wide vote for it. I'm gonna guess Trump. Trump. Is that a bad guess?


I think it's a pretty good guess what? What do you think The World will be like in a second, a second term with With president? With a president? Trump's second turn. A lot people are, I I, I know what it'll be like if we let her in. Yeah. Oh, really? And that ain't good? Yeah. Well, listen. Miserable track record. Appalling track record. No, no policies to speak of. Yeah. And the border. Right? And she's got the IQ of a fence post. See, it makes me laugh when I hear people say things like, the Vice President has a miserable, appalling track record. No policies. Okay. Especially if the person you're supporting is Donald J. Trump. I don't even have time to really run down his resume.


You know I don't really have time to break down his concepts of a plan. I would break down his plan, but he don't really have any. But I'll give you a few, I'll give you a few things. On his resume, in no particular order, he's been impeached twice. He led an attempt to court his country. He said he wanted to terminate the Constitution to overthrow the results of an election. He downplayed the severity of COVID-19. Not to mention in 2018, he dismantled the National Security Council's Global Health Security Office. Those are the people who respond to things like pandemics. He's talking about jailing his political opponent. He's talking about jailing journalists. The guy appointed three far right. Judges who overturned Roe v. Wade Roe v. Wade. I was born in 1,978. So that means women currently have less reproductive rights now than they did when I was born. Okay? Less constitutional rights now than they did when I was born. And, I haven't even bought up the 88 criminal charges, 34, which which he's been convicted of.


Now I'm, I'm just scratching the surface of things that are on this man's resume. It is long. Okay? So if you're gonna say, Kamala Harris has an appalling miserable track record, but you're choosing to support Trump, that just doesn't make sense to me. My personal opinion. And for all you folks who keep talking about the economy will be better, that is just another false narrative that we, the American people have bought, bought into. 'cause it's not true. The economy dug better under Democrat presidents. I just found this out maybe two months ago. Why? Because I looked it up. You know why I looked it up? Because I wanted to see how much better the economy does under Republicans since this is what I've always been told, only to find out it's not true. Google it. Okay? Look it up. The economy does better under Democrats if you don't feel it right now.


I understand, but we still recovering from a global pandemic. Remember that. But this inflation y'all keep saying is high. It's not. It's currently at 2.4%. The problem is inflation is low, but the cost of everything else is high. But that's a whole nother conversation. Okay? Tune into John Hope, Bryant's Money and Wealth podcast for more of that kind of talk. But back to Mel Gibson. The other part of what Mel Gibson said that irritates me is when he said, vice President Kamala Harris has Fence, Post, Level IQ. So you're saying you think she's dumb. Okay. But then you voting for Donald Trump. I'm gonna just sit back and let you hear a bunch of dumb things that'll come out of Donald Trump's mouth.


Mm, listen. Ready? You have to keep the camera's rolling. The kidney has a very special place in the heart. It's an incredible thing. Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated. Everybody Is right. And then I see the disinfectant where it knocks it out in a minute. One minute. And is there a way we can do something like that by injection inside or almost a cleaning? 'cause you see it gets in the lungs and it does a tremendous number of the lungs. So it'd be interesting to check that so that you're gonna have to use medical doctors with, but it sounds, it sounds interesting to me. If you have a windmill anywhere near your house, congratulations.


Your house just went down 75% in value. And they say the noise causes cancer. You tell me that one. Okay? China has total respect for Donald Trump and for Donald Trump's very, very large a brain. It's tremendously big and tremendously wet. I'm very highly educated. I know words. I have the best words, but there's no better words than stupid. In Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. They're eating the pets. That's just a little bit, that's literally, I told my producer to find a bunch of dumb things. Donald Trump said he found that in about five minutes, you can just literally Google dumb things.


Donald Trump said, I'm about to say they probably got TikTok, me meshes. So, so if Kamala had the IQ of a Finch post, then what level does Donald Trump have? I'm seriously asking a rock. Listen, rocks might be smarter. Okay? Vote for whoever you wanna vote for. Just be informed about it. And if you dislike a candidate and you have your reasons, I'm fine with that too. As long as they make sense. Nothing Mel Gibson said makes sense. Okay. Most of your arguments in regards to supporting Trump make no sense. You have to ignore so much to justify your reasoning. I used to believe the economy argument, but it's just not true. He ruined the economy when he was in office, even before Covid and his economic plans, the tariffs that he's talking about now, that would hurt you as workers and businesses tremendously.


But whatever. All I'm simply saying is vote for who you want to vote for. Just make sure it's an informed vote because this man's was, this man's reasoning for who he wants to vote for was not. Please give Mel Gibson the biggest. He haw. Do your thing short it just make it make sense. What's Dumber than a rock? The cement. Wow. Actually, I think you just answered your own question without answering it. Look at that. No, I think you did. I'm smarter than a fence post Because I would think cement. I would think you said cement, right? Yeah. Isn't cement a form of rock? But it it's like, it's not like together.


Oh, it is together. But laid out. I was just thinking, okay, I'm Gonna start. No, you weren't thinking. That's the whole problem. You just was talking. I'm, because I, yeah. Okay. Look, this what? Yeah. Give Is no thought. I did. I was. You freestyle. Work it out. Work. So listen, I was thinking the rock is a little bit smarter. The, because the rock is together in a solid form and you can pick it up and throw it. Semen is just like dumb and laying there. I can't believe we ever let anybody from Delaware run this country. You proven why? You're proven why he stepped Up. I swear I was even writing it down over here. I look at my notes. I was writing it down With ladies and Gentlemen. I, it went. But when I, before I said that, I look at my notes before I said that out loud, it sounded great.


Like, yeah, like I got it. Mm. All y'all, we come back. Crickets are just smarter than rock. We Have Earth came in the building. Just keep digging your hole. Keep digging you and Delaware as whole. Okay.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Step into The, World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slots. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@choppacasino.com. Welcome to the family, No purchase necessary. VDW Group Avoid prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com I five casino.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


How crispy are the new deli me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli Me Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with Glar free OLEDs and the Neo Q-L-E-D-A-K processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail looks sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience be vary according to types of content and format.