
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


DONKEY of the day right here at The Breakfast Club. Bitches, you can Call me the DONKEY of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Why is this on the front page of my New York Post and with Taylor Swift? Oh my God. Anyway, DONKEY today for Monday, February 10th goes to the folks who Work At The City County Building In Indianapolis. Now there is a man named Terry Sutherland, okay, who decided to perform a social experiment in Indianapolis. And the social experiment was to highlight the need for common Sense Gun Laws in America. Drop on the clues bombs for Terry Sutherland. I love a great social experiment. Okay? I love, love, love, love, love.


A great social experiment. And I am two A all day. But I also understand the need for common Sense Gun Laws. So Terry wanted to prove a point, and the point is that anyone can get a firearm in America. And when you hear more of the story, you will see that his point was proven. Let's go to ABC 10 for the report please. Tonight We're looking into a story getting some buzz. It claims a blind man was issued a concealed carry gun permit in Indiana. And it's true Terry Sutherland was using his white cane when he came to the city county building in Indianapolis to get fingerprinted for the permit. He says he also spoke with several people who knew he was blind, but despite that he was still issued a conceal carry permit without an issue.


Sutherland has no intention of using a gun. He says he went through the process to highlight the need for common Sense Gun Laws. He says he sent letters to state lawmakers and he is not yet heard back. Round of applause for that man. Round of applause to Terry Sutherland. Now I know that a lot of people have a lot of negative stereotypes in regards to blind people. I say often that a lot of blind people can actually see better than those of us who have eyes. Okay, Emini. Here we are at the point in our lives that we don't even believe if Stevie Wonder is really blind, okay? But let me be the first to tell you he is. And there's also a reason that Daredevil doesn't use guns.


Y'all know who Daredevil is, right? Matt Murdoch. Okay. Blind superhero. New series. Dead Devil. Born again starting on Disney plus March 4th. This man once said in the comic books, he doesn't use guns because of the carnage that he could unleash on people. Yes, dead devil because you're blind. Okay? I believe blind people can do a lot of things in this country, but owning a gun and driving a car, probably not. Good ideas. Do we know blind people that drive cars? Mm. Do they? I don't think, I never thought about how they get anywhere. You think they ride the dog? Huh? I just Never thought about it. Jesus Christ. Listen, Terry has the right to bear a can but not arms. Okay? And And if he does have a CNI dog, C And I dog better be trained like John Wicks because if you shooting at everything the dog barks at my God.


Oh my goodness. Okay. My God. Alright, blind people carrying guns is like blind people driving an Uber. Would you get into an Uber with a blind person? No. Okay. Alright. Now, Terry said he spoke to several people. You heard the news report. Who knew he was blind? He came in with a white cane, but despite that he was still issued a concealed carry permit without an issue. Wow. Listen man, the reason you will never get common Sense Gun Laws in America is simple because nobody has common sense in America anymore. Okay? And this story proves it. Some DONKEY of today just sell themselves. Please give the city county building in Indianapolis the biggest. Hee-haw.


He said he wrote them a letter and they You what? No, He wrote the letter. He said that's what he said. He said he wrote them a letter and he hasn't heard back. Yeah, he wrote the letter like what if they sent the letter? You just dunno. He got, they probably responded. That's all I Would say. Y'all need to call homie Though, because he said you didn't hear it back. I'm like, man, you said you was blind, not deaf. You might have got the letter back. My brother. Okay, what? What is this? Is that brail? What is it? This Mac. What does it say? What'd he say? He said this how the guy, right, he cut it out. See, I was gonna ask, but I didn't wanna be fat like, because how he know how to stay online and how to be straight? 'cause he writing.


Stop. Close your eyes and try to write a sentence. I bet you can't do it straight. I guarantee you can't do it straight. Yes, I can close your eyes. They have heightened senses, guys. All right. I'm lying. How do, how do I'm, I'm asking do black write. I don wanna know. I just want to Know. See, look what I wrote Because They used, but I thought it's not straight. I thought they used braille to write letters. Emini. Here you seen it? You sound so stupid. No, I I thought I don't. They Do use braille. That's why I asked Was it braille? Braille to read? No, to write letters to. We Probably sound so I'm You sound so stupid. I'm sorry. Yes. On the blind listeners, I apologize. And did you ask Me could they drive earlier? Did I answer that? He did ask why? And we said no. Why answer that? And I don't know why you answered that. Well, It's okay to be stupid on this topic.


I'll be dumb. Somebody be deaf and y'all be blind, and then we'll figure it all out. We'll figure it out. Okay. Jesus Christ. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY of the Day. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


If you love to travel, capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With the Capital One Venture X Card, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus you get premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels. When you book on Capital One Travel and with Venture X, you get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Open up a world of travel possibilities with a Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet Terms apply Lounge access is subject to change. See capital one.com for details.


Hi, I'm Arto Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't Wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to, Yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.