
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


And here we have a specimen from the early two thousands, a legacy investing platform. Please don't touch the exhibit folks. It could crash.


Ready To step outta the Financial History museum@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA And I PC full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Hey, When's last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like Intern John and your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Oh, What Snap I run Kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. Don't be out here acting like a DONKEY ke high bitch ke high. It's time for DONKEY of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it.


Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy girl have some funny sleep. Say how this mouth, who gotta say something you may not agree with doesn't mean I'm mean who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that don't. Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the day right here at The Breakfast Club. Bitches. You can call me the DONKEY of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Wednesday, June 4th goes the defense secretary, Pete Hef. You know Pete Hef, the same guy who was sharing details of a missile attack on signal. Okay. I don't know why he just didn't download WhatsApp like the rest of us. But Pete Heep, the man who provides the president with expert. Okay. And I put expert in air quotes, advice on national security and defense matters is clearly bored.


Okay? There's a lot going on in The World And I'm sure he could be focused on, but yesterday we found out that he is focused on renaming ships. Yes ships. Okay, Pete Hegseth has ordered the Navy to review the names of vessels honoring gay rights Activist Harvey Milk, Harriet Tubman, and Roof Beta Ginsburg. Let's go to ABC seven 40. The report please. The Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, has ordered the Navy to take the rare step of renaming a ship. The ship is named for murdered gay rights activists and navy veteran harvey mill military.com first reported the timing of the announcement during pride month is intentional. Harvey Milk was forced to resign from the Navy in 1955 because of his sexual orientation.


The USNS Harvey Milk is part of the John Lewis class of oiler ships that are named after civil rights leaders. Okay? We all, not that the Trump administration wants to purge all programs and policies and books and social media mentions of any references to diversity, equity, and inclusion. They are literally trying to erase anything they consider other out of the history books. Okay? It makes no sense. What other reason would you have to not want to ship named after Harvey Milk or Harriet Tubman or RBG? It's just a erasure. Nothing more, nothing less than everyone just needs to call it what it is. By the way, none of those three people would be considered DEI hires, okay?


They all earned their legacies. They all earned their reputations, okay? The reason they have their names on those ships, the reason people wanted to name those vessels after them is simply because they're trailblazers who actually did things that people should recognize and honor. And you want to erase that? Why? I need to see the signal chat about this Pete. Okay? I need to see what your real reasoning is, not the politically correct reasoning you give to the media. Just tell us the truth because the truth is you want to erase the legacy of civil rights leaders and gay icons like Harvey Milk in America. We cannot heal from what we don't reveal. Okay? Hiding our history is just simply gonna hurt our future. Now, Pete, you are the Secretary of Defense.


Okay? Focusing on your job is crucial for the safety of not only this country but The World. Every American should be saying to themselves, Hey Pete, don't you got better things to be doing? Okay, Pete xf, you yourself just highlighted the threat posed by China's military buildup, okay? In particular concerning Taiwan, you could be focused on that. What about the ongoing conflict in Ukraine? Pete, you were absent at a recent NATO meeting on Ukraine and had people questioning the US' engagement in the conflict. Don't tell me you was absent from the meeting because you too busy worried about ships being named after Harriet Tubman. Okay. Yo Pete Department of Defense has proposed significant budget cuts, which I'm happy about because anytime you wanna talk about wasteful spending, you should start at the DOD.


But if these budget cuts reduce senior military ranks by 20% like they are proposing, then that could impact the military strategic and operational readiness. And y'all definitely not gonna be ready if the Department of Defense is too busy worried about renaming ships. Okay, Pete xf, I don't care what a ship is named when there are headlines in the economic times that read World War III looms global leaders given two weeks as The clock takes toward catastrophe. See, while we worried about the Diddy trial, others are preparing for World War iii. Okay? I was reading an article this morning. The headline was Britain's biggest, biggest companies are Preparing for a Third World War as various conflicts threatened to erupt, bosses are taking steps to ensure their businesses survive.


The deputy chief of Russia's Security Council said last week, hold on, said last week, I don't remember everything. It was a blur. I think it was last week. Yes. But he said, And I quote regarding Trump's words about Putin playing with fire in really bad things happening to Russia. I only know of one really bad thing, world War iii. I hope Trump understands this. That was a direct quote from the Deputy chief of Russia's Security Council and Pete Hef. You worried about the name of ships? No you're not. You are trying to distract from some of the things I just said.


But what you will learn, Pete, is truth is like the sun. You can shut it out, but it is not going away. Please give Pete Hef the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Bon you all the of the day. You the doggie of the day. Heehaw So dumb Beyond it's a distraction. Stay focused. Alright, well World War III is apparently around the corner. I don't say that either. I hope not. We won't see that either.


Others are preparing for it. So think you just pay attention. Yes. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Now when we come back, we have the first black actress to play Alphabet full-time and wicked on Broadway. Lencia Kata. She'll be joining us when we come back. I checked out the play. Play was amazing. My, my kids loved it. What's her name? I'm not gonna say it again. Lencia Kaba. Kaba Kata Kata Cab. We go. Lencia Kata will be joining us. All right. And we're gonna talk to her next. She killed it on Broadway. Wicked. Wicked was amazing on Broadway. Yes, absolutely. My kids loved it. They enjoyed it. And we'll kick it with her in a minute. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


You know what's great about your Investment account with the big guys? It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC, full disclosures at public.com/disclosures. This is an IHeartPodcasts.