
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win on August 22nd. I think gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. We don't Follow the right plan. We lose The His series. Reasonable Doubt returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with, and Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Loving. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Every day we are driven to get the facts, find the sources, listen to the voices, and tell the stories that illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on Subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely Worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition, it's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting From the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Say it again, Charlamagne. Yes, you're everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY today for Friday, August 16th, back to back goes to Judge Ken of King. Okay. Again. Now yesterday I gave Judge Ken of King DONKEY today because there was a young 16-year-old girl who was on a field trip in his courtroom and she kept falling asleep. So because she kept falling asleep on a field trip, this fool Judge Ken of King ordered her to wear jail clothes and handcuffs for no reason at all. Okay, can we play the original news report for ABC seven New York, please. One thing you'll learn about my courtroom is that I'm not a toy.


I'm not gonna be played with. What started out as an informational field trip with the Greening of Detroit nonprofit Tuesday to the 36th District Court in front of Judge King quickly turned into Judge King, getting visibly agitated over a sleeping student in his courtroom. You fall asleep in my courtroom. One more time. I'm putting you in the back. Understood. Judge King had her removed from the courtroom, but he told me that didn't fix her quote attitude and that's when he pulled out the jail uniform and handcuffs. King says he was trying to teach the teenager a lesson on behavior and respect in court. I haven't been disrespected like that in a very long time. Oh, Please. He then threatened the girl with jail time.


I'm gonna go to sleep tonight while you're sitting in the juvenile detention facilities. Was I really gonna do that? Probably not. Could I have probably so Legendary sucker status, judge Kenneth King, fragile ego disrespected. You got disrespected because she was tired. What you mad for? Lead with love. Not fearful. Yesterday I said this man showed no empathy for this 16-year-old young lady. If she kept falling asleep in court, clearly something is wrong. Instead of jumping to, she's not respecting me and she needs to know. This is nothing to play with. This is not a joke. Instead of jumping to all that, how about find out what's wrong? Show some compassion, some concern. And I said yesterday that we don't know what this young lady is dealing with. The example I gave was she might be the oldest sibling who had to stay up all night watching her younger siblings because her mom, who was a single parent, had to work all night.


Those, that's the example I gave. Well, guess what? Her mother La Latori till drop on a clues bonds for Latori till who was extremely distraught and rightfully so. She gave a statement to ABC seven and spoke to why her daughter kept falling in, falling asleep in court. Let's listen. That mom says she was horrified to see her daughter in handcuffs and says, judge King didn't have the full story. Would you want someone to treat your child like that? Would you even treat your child like that if he fell asleep in the courtroom? Latoya Hill is a single mother of two children, including her oldest daughter, Eva Goodman. She signed her up for a summer program with the Greening of Detroit nonprofit to keep her busy what was supposed to be an educational field trip to 36 District Court Tuesday turned into a traumatizing experience for both of them.


Judge Kenneth King not liking Eva's attitude and seeing her falling asleep, placing her in handcuffs in a jail uniform. Latoya says Eva was falling asleep because the family does not have a permanent residence at the moment. They're just trying to make ends meet. I'm a single mother. I'm trying my best. So the fact that he was talking about you go home and get in your bed, how do You know my baby got a hoe? How do You know my baby got a bed, her own bed that she could sleep in? She don't have that right now. Line Judge Kenneth King up for the fade, man. Okay, if it's one thing people in this country going to do is criminalized poverty in blackness. All right.


Single mother didn't have a place to stay. Mother doing her best, trying to do her best for her daughter. That's why this situation pisses me off. 'cause Judge Kenneth King is black, okay? This young girl is black. How you don't see your daughter in this young girl, your niece, your little sister? I just don't understand how humans don't recognize the humanity in other people. Okay? As soon as I heard this story, I said to myself, there's no way in hell that young girl was falling asleep over and over for no reason. Then this judge had the nerve to say he wants to mentor the young girl and he reached out to the family. Nah, bro. Like I said yesterday, why would she want you as a mentor when you have already shown you don't care about what she may be going through? Now, I also said yesterday that there should be consequences to repercussions for the trauma. Judge Kenneth King caused this young lady, I don't know, You know what that would look like.


You know. I don't know if it would be suspended without pay removed from the bench. I don't know what discipline would look like in this situation. I actually want the young lady's family to sue. They should be compensated. Okay? Judge Kenneth King should be disciplined and this young lady should be comp compensated. Well, one of those things has happened. Judge Kenneth King had to be removed from the bench. Let's go back to ABC seven for the report please. We Begin tonight with a Detroit judge off the bench after sparking outrage across the country. Seven News Detroit broke that story that led to the removal of Judge Kenneth King, the teen, he punished for falling asleep in his courtroom during a field trip, ended up in handcuffs and jail clothes. Well, tonight her mom is speaking out about the action taken against the judge and the impact of all this on her daughter.


So now Judge King is temporarily removed from the Docket and that teenager's mom says it's the first step in their own sense of justice. Don't play with a mo upset mother because you told my daughter don't play with you in your courtroom. And so you can't play with the citizens of Detroit and an upset mother. Mm. Detroit Police also do confirm that Judge King has been receiving death threats and they are investigating in Detroit. I'm Ru Olsa seven News Detroit Man dropping a clues bombs for that man being removed. Okay, good. They might have a case there. They definitely got a case. What is it? Mental distress or Emotion? Emotional distress. Emotional distress. Yes.


He needs to be removed. Okay? If your ego is that fragile that a young woman falling asleep in your courtroom on a field trip causes you to put her in handcuffs and jail clothes, then you don't need to be a judge. I also don't understand how he was able to do that when this young lady didn't even commit any kind of crime. Like he had the nerve to say I wanted. I wanted just to look and feel very real to her, even though there's probably no real chance of me getting p. No real chance of me putting her in jail, huh? Okay, judge Kenneth King will continue to get paid while he is off the bench. I don't think he should get paid. I think that he should be removed without pay. 'cause I want this removal from the bench to feel very real to him, even though there's probably no real chance of him getting fired. Listen, the moral of the story is empathy is the most essential quality of civilization.


And Judge Ken of King, you are moving quite uncivilized. Please give Judge Ken of King the biggest. He hee-haw again. Matter Of fact, let Remy ma give him the biggest hee-haw. He haw, he haw you stupid. Mother, are You dumb? And Laroy, what's her name? What's the mom's name? Laroy Till, did I pronounce that right? Oh, yes. Latori Till she need Now y'all be setting up GoFundMe for all kind of stupid stuff. La to tell you need to set up some type of GoFundMe or something. For sure. You know what I mean? I was just thinking that like, I wonder who gonna hit her up and try to just help out. I I would right now. I would absolutely throw her something a hundred percent LA to tell that And I.


See, she needed to set up a GoFundMe because You know it, it, it pains me to hear when she said the judge told her, I'm gonna sleep good in my bed tonight. And she like, how? And she said she don't even got a bed to go home to sleep in. Oh my God. Jesus. Come on man. Come on man. Jesus. All right, well thank you for the DONKEY of The Day.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win on August 22nd. I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her.


If we don't follow the right plan, we lose The His series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She Was defending herself against a monster. Starry. Emma Yasi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with, and Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor, State Farm is there.


Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chassen featuring Megan Trainor out today Saying goodbye Because I'm done chasing you. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chazen for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Hello, iHeart listener. We have a confession to make. Well, if iHeart in this commercial you're listening to right now would probably sound a heck of a lot better on the new Roku Pro series tv. It's got side firing speakers that fill your room with sound. Dolby Atmos audio that puts you right in the middle of the entertainment and the ability to pair seamlessly with your home theater sound systems that already have surround sound and booming base. If all that sounds too good to be true, it'll sound even better on the new Roku Pro series. Your hearing isn't better. Your TV is


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.