
Wherever you are in The, World, it's an exciting time in politics. Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mais And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs. And the news agent's USA in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on Global Player.


Hi, loves it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album, infinite Icon, and I'm even more excited for you to listen to it On Vinyl Welcome To the Bat Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles Brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order the LP signed by yours truly@shop.paris hilton.com. That's hot, sponsored by 1111 Media.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always take care of cargo.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Yes, you are a vote down Trump. When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're s These are jackass. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Monday, September 16th, goes to a man who could potentially be vice president of the United States of America, JD Vance. At some point we are gonna have to realize that JD may stand for James David, but it also might stand for just dumb. May even stand for Jackass DONKEY. This guy is the weapon formed against Donald Trump. If any pastor ever said the Trump, no weapon formed against you will prosper. I will scream by Humbug and tell him, look to his vice presidential running mate.


Okay, JD Vance is the reason why I now understand why vice presidents are better off scene and not heard. Last time I saw a VP heard a candidate like JD Vance heard Trump, and it's not like Trump needs any help hurting himself. Her name was Sarah Palin, but JD Vance, he makes Sarah Palin look like Michelle Obama. Now, I'm gonna give JD Vance some credit. He is on all these Sunday morning news shows, unscripted answering any questions they throw at him. I need to see more of that from Harrison Walls. It's one thing to do interviews, but you can't be resorting to all your talking points, Madam Vice president because all eyes are on you. And when folks hear you repeating some of the same stories over and over, it starts to feel like it's not authentic.


So that is where JD Vance stem have a slight advantage except for the fact that I'm sure there are plenty of Republicans. Okay? Plenty of people who wish JD Vance would shut the hell up forever. Who wish JD Vance would be on the script, okay? Would have some talking points because when he wins it, oh boy, he says things like this. See, JD Vance was on CNN State of the Union, and Dana Bash asked him about the claims he made in regards to the Haitians eating Pets. You remember the whole Haitians eating Pets thing, right? Let's listen. Listen to Trump on the debate stage, repeating that lie In Springfield, they're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. They're eating, they're eating the Pets. There there was a, there's a, there's a, there's a, there's a, there's a nice little bop by the way that somebody made Oh yeah, heard made a song today A bop.


Yeah, it's hard. It is a bop. You hear me? But yes, D said he felt the need to create stories so that the media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people. He admit, he just kind of made it all up. I can't make this kind of stuff up. And I wouldn't, because I'm not JD Vance. Let's go to CNN State of the Union for the report. Please. Can you affirmatively say now that that is a rumor that has no base basis with evidence, Dana? The evidence is the firsthand account of my constituents who are telling me that this happened. And by the way, I've been trying to talk about the problems in Springfield for months, and the American media ignored it.


There was a congressional hearing just last week of angel moms who lost children because Kamala Harris let criminal migrants into this country who then murdered their children. The American media totally ignored this stuff until Donald Trump And I started talking about cat memes if I have to. But it wasn't Just a memes To create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people then that's what I'm gonna do, Dana, because you guys are completely letting Kamala Harris coast. You just said that this is a story that you created. Yes. So, so then the eating dogs and cats thing is not Accurate. We are creating, I say that we're creating a story, meaning we're creating the American media focusing on it.


If I have to create stories so that the media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people, I will. This is why you can't trust anyone except for me. Because I tell you, I tell you that you should believe me even though I'm lying. Okay. Ryan Holiday wrote a fantastic book that everyone should read called Trust Me, I'm Lying. And that is me. Okay? That should be all of us. I will tell you that I'm lying because I wanna give you the choice on whether you should believe this lie or not. I know you are probably gonna believe me anyway because you want to, all right. It's the same reason the FDA puts warning labels on cigarettes. You know, and, and, and they tell you these things cause cancer, but you smoke anyway. Okay? You should always give people the choice. JD Vance did not. JD Vance said he wants to bring attention to the large Haitian population that is here in Springfield illegally.


Can I tell you the truth of the matter? America, the vast majority of Haitians are in the US in Springfield legally through a temporary protected status that has been allocated to them due to the violence and unrest in their home country. And their status must be renewed after 18 months. You know how I noticed, because I read, okay, it's not complicated. All you have to do is read past the headline. Yeah, I'm old school guys. I was born in 1,978. I still read the whole article and not just the headline. Now let me tell you what JD Vance's rumor has caused bomb threats aimed at local hospitals and government offices. And JD Vance doesn't want to get any credit for that. Let's listen. You're Not just a bystander, you're the senator from Ohio.


So instead of saying things that are, are wrong and actually causing the hospitals, the schools, the government buildings to be evacuated because of bomb threats, because of the cats and dogs thing, why not actually be constructive and helping to better integrate them into the community? First Of all, let me just respond to, to a couple things that you said, but I wanna start with something that you said, which I think is frankly disgusting and is more appropriate for a democratic propagandist than it is for an American journalist. There is nothing that I have said that has led to threats against these hospitals. These hospitals, the bomb threats and so forth. It's disgusting. The violence is disgusting. We condemn it.


We condemn all violence. Senator, this after you and President Trump were on, Dana, were on the debate stage, said Dana, No cats and dogs. You, You asked a question, And I that gonna go ahead and answer it. You just accused me of inciting violence against the community when all that I've done is surface the complaints of my constituents. JD Vance. You are the same person who after Donald Trump got shot at the first time, okay, the first attempt on his life you tweeted, the central premise of the Biden campaign is that President Donald Trump is an authoritarian fastest who must be stopped at all costs. That rhetoric led directly to President Trump's attempted assassination.


You tweeted that JD Vance almost immediately after someone tried to take Trump out the first time. So If, you believe rhetoric can lead to things like attempted assassination attempts. Why don't you think your rhetoric could lead to bomb threats on local hospitals and government offices? Why don't you believe your rhetoric could lead to people trying to hurt Haitians, not just in Springfield, but all around the country? Here's the thing about America. There is enough real issues going on in this country that we don't have to put no sauce on it, jd, okay? This is the first time in my life that I am actually encouraging a white person not to put seasoning onto it's onto something. Okay? You don't have to. When you are actually focused on the issues, when you aren't focused on the issues, you have to deflect and distract with silly ass stories like this.


jd, stop playing with the American people's realities and more importantly, stop playing with their lives. Please, please give JD Vance the biggest. He haw I fuck. Let Chelsea handler give JD Vance the biggest. He haw Hee-haw hee-haw. That is way too much. Den mayonnaise. Too much mayonnaise. Alright. They Don't get in trouble for that. Just like making stuff like admitting to just like making stuff up. They've been doing it for the last, what, 10 years? Yeah, But like, I don't know. It just feels You know Donald, Donald Trump at one time said, If, you drink bleach, it'll cure covid. Yeah. And that should have been a crime. It should be a crime. But as we have learned in this country, this country has no actual rules or regulations or laws or even knows how to handle people like the Donald Trump's end of JD Vance's.


Of The World, right? They have, they don't even know how to, how to deal with that type of privilege. But I will say this, speaking of dealing with it all my Haitian brothers and sisters, what y'all waiting on, man? Do you still need a piece? Do you need a piece of JD Vance's hair? A fingernail maybe can't use a piece of piece of Trump's head would be a waste of good waste of some good voodoo, because that's a tope. Hey Jesus. All right, but it's time for someone to call for a frog. See, white privilege is strong, but black magic is stronger. Alright, come On. Alright. You know what to do. Slu to all my Haitians out there. I was. I was talking You. know my, my best friend is DJ Monon Renin. He's Haitian. And I spoke to him this week and he said, yo, bro, do You know how many times I had to tell people that I'm not trying to eat their Pets?


He was like, people really come to me and ask me, which is crazy. People Come to me and ask me about my underarms. Charlemagne, same thing you got. You got some apologizing To do. Pet ferry your under. Gonna talk to People about what you made up. Pet Defer. Your underarms are furry. It's the same thing, Lauren. Jesus Christ. All right. Okay.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club.


Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news news headlines across The World, the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala And me, John Sopel With Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs, and the News agents, USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bath Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bulls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.