
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill, ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I got, I got it. Seriously, I insist I first. First don't. Silly. You'll don't. Silly be silly


People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper, scissors for it. Rock Paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, But you're so good at it. You Trying To be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty other day to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Tuesday, January 7th goes to Bruce Fisher. He is the husband of Senator Deb Fisher. Senator Fisher was sworn in by Vice President Kamala Harris for her third term in the US Senate and her husband refused to shake the vice president's hand during his wife's swearing In Ceremony. Let's listen. I Here, is it on the ground? The middle scoot? No, no, it's okay. We'll, we're not gonna, don't worry.


Okay. We're okay. Do you solemnly swear to support and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemies horn and domestic. So help you. God, thank you. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your work. Thank you. Congratulations to you. Thank you. Okay, welcome. Okay. Sure. Damn, if you couldn't really hear what happened, you know she, she was telling her, telling Bruce, I don't bite. That's what the VP was saying. I don't bite before he refused to shake her hand. Now let the record show I am big on consistency. So it's a part of me that applauds what Bruce Fisher did. I set a part of me.


Okay. Unlike a lot of you digital deeds, I'm able to see the whole totality of a situation and not just what I agree with. See, to me it's incredible that Democrats are playing so nice after all the talk of Trump being in the democracy. Okay? Trump being a fascist, it's like they not keeping the same energy at all. Democrats out here talking about peaceful transfers of power. Listen to the VP VP speak on it. The peaceful transfer of power is one of the most fundamental principles of American democracy as much as any other principle. It is what distinguishes our system of government from monarchy or tyranny today at the United States Capitol. I will perform my constitutional duty as vice President of the United States to certify the results of the 2024 election.


This duty is a sacred obligation. One I will uphold guided by love of country loyalty to our constitution and my unwavering faith in the American people. Look, I'm all for the peaceful transfer of power, but Democrats keep following these political norms and traditions and it's confusing because you can't call a man a fascist and a dictator, but when he wins, throws all that rhetoric out the window. Unless of course it was just politics and you never believed it. I've told y'all this already, yes, I've called Trump a fascist, not because of anything Democrats say, but because of the words I've heard come outta Trump's mouth. But it's, it is almost like Democrats don't realize how they screwed themselves for the future because the midterms are right around the corner.


The only thing they can hope for is that Republicans implode and f things up so bad that the American people are just dying for a change because there's nothing Democrats can say about Republicans that we should believe after they spent weeks calling Trump or fascists and calling Republicans fascists and telling us it would be the end of democracy only to put a button on all of that. Meanwhile, Republicans like Bruce Fisher, they keeping that same energy, okay? He didn't shake the VPs and simply because he doesn't like her or Democrats, period, they draw clear lines in the sand. They signal to their base every time They don't like Democrats. Democrats are terrible and not worthy of any respect. Nonetheless, your vote and the fact that the VP happens to be a woman and a woman of color or you get extra points from your base for that.


Okay? See, Republicans are already thinking about the future. They thinking about the midterms, they're thinking about 2028. It is a clear us versus Dem mentality and the way Republicans treat Dems is how dims should be treating Republicans. Especially if you telling us that they threats to democracy. Especially if you're saying their leader is a fascist. Why would you wanna shake hands with those folks? And why would Republicans wanna shake hands with you? Okay, if that's how you spend your time talking about them, I get it. But Bruce, here's the thing, it wasn't about you, okay? It's your wife's day. If your wife has to nudge you and tell you to stand closer to the vp, basically just nudging you to show some respect, you should show that respect because your wife is a senator and your wife as a senator understands democracy.


She actually posted photos of the event and pledged the continue to stand together. Bruce, you should follow your wife's lead. Listen to her because whether you realize it or not, you stepped all over her moment. Please let Chelsea handler give Bruce Fisher the biggest. He haw, He haw, he haw. That is way too much Dan Mayonnaise. Alright, well let's, let's open up the phone lines. Let's go The Breakfast Club court play the theme music. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Charlamagne just broke it down. Bruce did not want to shake Kamala Harris's hand. Nope, right? Nope. Let's open up the phone lines. What's your thoughts? (800) 585-1051. 'cause at first when I thought about it, I'm like, how could you not shake the vice President's hand?


How could you not shake Kamala Harris's hand? But then I had to take a step back for a second and say, how petty is this light-skinned person, right? White. I don with you white. I'm talking about myself. Oh, if I don't f with you, I ain't shaking your hand. Regardless. There's a lot of people in this world right now to this day. If they woke up with me with the Bible in their hand and, and, And I am not shaking their hand, I might not shake that person here. 'cause if I don't could with black? No. If I don't F with you, I don't f with you. I don't care what you got in your hand and what you talking about now. But if I don't with you, you did some F ish to me. I ain't shaking your hand. Now let me ask you a question just before we go to the full lines. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you don't mess with somebody and they stick their hand out to shake your hand, even if they give Chris an award, even if they say Chris is the man, are you shaking their hand or how you looking at them?


Chris, what Is Chris Emini here? You man, I don't. I'm man. Oh, If, if I don't deal with you, no, you know it don't gotta be like, you know, no threats or nothing like that. But I'm not gonna shake your hand. Why would I shake your hand? I don't deal with you outside of this. I'm not gonna deal with you right now. That's why I said I I, it is a part of me. I'm not upset. I get it. Republicans like Bruce Fisher, they keep that same energy. Okay? If I don't like you, if I don't like the Democrats, I'm gonna draw a clear line in the sand and let people know that I actually think Democrats should be the way. Democrats have spoken about Republicans. That's how they should be treating Republicans. Well, no, they want to be, you know, they wanna do, do the things the right way and be all about traditions and norms and that's why you lose elections.


Well, let's Open up the phone lines. What are your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss when we come back. Are you that petty or are you gonna shake the hand? 'cause it is the vice president. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club, The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime.


It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my years stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kickback with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now. Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. These sound reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve.


They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more.


Toyota, let's go places. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.