
Hey everyone. Jake story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small, bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends, Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It, What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and Like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdogs? Hi, I am Eva Andor. Hi. I am my tego Mr. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back, and this season we're taking an even bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen To Hungry for History on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again, A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to we're talking s and all things trending in Michael Ura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with Gem Sponge, straight up Ria, and that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


Just one of many wacky news story outta Florida on The Breakfast Club. Man, That's that double funny. That's that devilish laugh. What? It's so funny. You go to Burning Bush of Jesus. No, I was laughing that something I saw Carlos Miller post. Who? My guy, Carlos Miller. Listen, DONKEY today for Thursday, October 24th, goes to a 20-year-old Florida man named Jeremy Lang. Now, what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. Now I'm gonna tell you right now, we keep having all these conversations about border security, but I see stories like the one I'm about to tell you and all I keep thinking is we building walls for the wrong people.


We need to build more walls. Okay, finish the one at the border because yes, we need stronger border security, but who gonna keep these crazies from within away from us? Okay, I'm looking at Jeremy Lang and I'm saying I need a wall built internally here in America to keep us away from them. Who is them? Them is the crazies. Okay? Season young man. So I can grace only 20 years old, but then I see what he's accused of and it just reinforces to me that this new era we are in because of social media just has completely, completely made people lose sight of what reality is. Hell. If you 20, you probably don't know what reality is. You never experienced it. You grew up in an era of social media and YouTube and nothing I repeat. Nothing will make you out of touch with reality like those platforms.


Now, Jeremy wanted to steal from Jesus. Okay? What? Jesus with a place where people worship, okay, Jesus, and that place is a church? Yes. Jeremy was arrested last week for burglarizing a church and police say he's probably linked to six more. What type of table you get in hell for that. Okay, I should get you in the VIP section of club Satan with bottle service, but Jeremy was arrested for burglarizing the church. Let's go to ABC three for the report please. Police say 20-year-old Jeremy Lang is responsible for at least seven burglaries over two and a half weeks span. Surveillance footage we obtained from Pastor Clifton Riley at Bethel a ME church shows the suspect break several windows before eventually climbing in last Friday night. The pastor tells me he spent less than five minutes inside and left with nothing.


Authorities say Lang was spotted Monday night wearing the same clothes from the surveillance days prior. He was found carrying burglary tools, marijuana, and a stolen firearm. And PPD says, Jeremy Lang provided a false name to them at the time of his arrest. He is charged with one of the burglaries at this church. Other charges are pending from the six other churches that he's burglarized. PPD did not identify the items that he's accused of Stealing. No, I definitely could just give him DONKEY today for that You. know what I'm saying? Because You know you stole from the church. God definitely got something for this jackass, but that's between him and his creator. But the reason I'm giving him DONKEY today is not only because he stole from all those churches, but police searched his cell phone and in his cell phone he had internet searches like And I quote, how to cut shirt into a mask.


Jesus. Where do church keep money? Mm, these are actual quotes. Do churches have safes? Lemme tell you how you spelled safes. SAF ePost. Three apostrophe S. So SAFE apostrophe S Possession in coming. This is the one that got me. Oh boy. He Googled events where you raise money in Pensacola. He was going after all the sweet licks. This man was gonna rob people who are actually doing great things in the community events where you raise money in Pensacola. I had to Google for myself events where you raise money in Pensacola because I had to see what Jeremy saw.


I wanted to see what Jeremy saw. Okay, would you like to hear some of the events? Yes. This Heathen was plotting on. Yes. Fourth annual brunch fest, purple paint party. That's the second annual charity event. The fall. Paul Palooza, a pet adoption and charity event together for tomorrow. Event fourth annual mission 22 show Shine ends for a purpose. 28th annual CCA Pensacola banquet and auction Hot work hits cancer Pensacola, east Hill and northwest. Bro, He deserve to be under the jail. What? What are you talking about? You know what's under the jail. What's that? Hell, okay.


You was going to take money from people raising money for cancer. You was gonna take money from people who are encouraging people to adopt pets. I keep telling y'all, segregation wasn't a bad concept, it was just poorly executed. Should have been based on behavior, not race. Because I don't want people like Jeremy eating in the same establishments I'm eating in. I don't want people like Jeremy going to the same schools as my kids, And, I, damn sure don't want to go to the same church as Jeremy because he's just in there staking the place out. I need to see what human evolution looks like for people like Jeremy. He's 20, but he thinks he can just Google search how to commit a crime against the church, how to commit crimes against the community. He literally searched for how to cut shirt into a mask.


Where do church keep money? He was plotting on a robbing a pet adoption and charity event. I don't know if anything man made, I don't know if anything man is created can rehabilitate this human. I think even God would have to admit some of the product he created is just effective. Please give Jeremy Lang the biggest. He haw. It's horrible. What does he look like? What you looking at? Play. Play a game. I do. Mm. Okay, let's do, let's play a game of yes. What races? All right, gimme clue of clues. Jeremy Lang, 20 years old from Pensacola, Florida, robbed about five to six churches and he Googled how to, he Googled how to cut shirt into a mask.


Where do church keep money? DJ envy. Guess what? Races? Ah, white. Okay. Not mad at that. Guess. See, if He was black, he'd have the po Shay mask already so he wouldn't need to cut a mask into it. So Good. I'm That's what I'm, that's what I'm with. That's, I'm with That's a good use of context. Cool. Lauren LaRosa. Jeremy Lang, 20 years old in Pensacola, Florida, robbed about five to six churches. Google things like do churches have safes and used an apostrophe and safes? Guess What, RAs, I hate to do this to us. Oh, us. What do you mean? I think he black. Damn.


Damn. I, I hate it. I just felt, I I think he watched a little bit of like too much of First Sunday. Yeah, I I think he's one. I hate that though, but I think he's one of us. Phe s Well, PHE s DJ Envy. Lauren LaRosa. I want you both to know that you are absolutely positively wrong. Oh damn. What of us are wrong? Damn. Yes, both of y'all are wrong. Wow. Jeremy Lang is not white. Jeremy Lang is not black. Was he? Jeremy Lang is nigga. Oh wow. How, how do you think he was gonna get away with that hair like that? Like you would see that here mile away. I don't care if you wrap your face with a a t-shirt, a sweatshirt.


You can see that here. Stick it out. I'm convinced after seeing that that M word did it for the mixtape. He needed content for his mixtape. It's, damn, Look at him. Look at him. Okay, look at him. Prophe gave it away. This man looks suspicious in any neighborhood. He, I don't care what neighborhood he is in, he looks suspicious. You right. Black neighborhoods, white neighborhoods. This man will get the police called on him. He right, he came out The womb. He look like he came out the womb doing all the wrong stuff. Yo, he, Wow. Even in his mugshot, he's like, mm, boy, when I'm Mm, you got his blip ball up like, mm. When I get outta here, I'm coming straight to the pastor. You gotta Be a different type of dumb to try to rob the people of God. Jesus. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake, I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of post-season coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi. I am mate. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back, and this season we're taking an England bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, saying That the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. Oh, and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends, Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know that We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It, What It Is on the IHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again, A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to. We're talking mu los and all things trending in my cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with Gem Sponge straight up com, and that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to, Gracia's Come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.