
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Hey everybody. It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow, go lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts. An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter as Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Breakfast Club Bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day? DONKEY of the Day for Friday, February 28th, the last day of Black History Month, right goes to Marjorie Taylor Green because Marjorie said during a house oversight and government reform committee that federal workers don't deserve their paychecks. You can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's listen. You Can protest all you want outside of departments of this government. You can protest all you want, but the American people disagree with you. You're protecting the bureaucracy. The bureaucracy is not a business. Those are not real jobs producing federal revenue. By the way, they're consuming taxpayer dollars.


Those jobs are paid for by the American tax People who work real jobs earn real income, pay federal taxes, and then pay these federal employees. Federal employees do not deserve their jobs. Federal employees not do not deserve their paychecks. Hey, and these are jobs that can be fired at will. I'm so confused. Federal workers are not real jobs and don't deserve their paychecks. I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. I tell y'all this all the time, but last time I checked, federal workers play critical roles in maintaining government functions, public safety, national security. What do you mean when you say federal jobs aren't real jobs?


You gotta be specific because are you trying to say military personnel isn't a real job? I can't think of a real job in protecting national security intelligence officers. The C-I-A-S-A-F-B-I, FEMA Workers Air Traffic Controller, TSA agents. Listen, I'm medium retarded, okay? So correct me if I'm wrong. Not only do I believe those are real jobs, not only do I believe those people deserve their paychecks, I believe they don't get paid enough. FDA inspectors, VA doctors and nurses. Nurses or postal workers, what are we talking about here? Mar to Ella Greene, what would we do as a society without some of these federal work workers? I really wanna salute all the federal workers out there dropping a cruise bombs for all the federal workers.


You know why? Because federal workers are humans and humans deserve to have jobs to make money. Humans deserve to be able to pay their bills. Humans deserve to be able to pay their rent, their mortgages. Humans deserve to live. And when you have a job, okay, you are able to provide for yourself and provide for your family. And when you don't have that, the stress and the anxiety and the depression and the anger and the rage that comes from being unemployed, I don't wish that on anyone. Okay? I told y'all, I was in Maryland a couple of weekends ago for my daughter's cheerleading competition, and it was folks coming up to me telling me how they either lost their job or were about to lose their job. Okay? I remember one brother from the FDA, he was white, okay?


And his wife was black, and he said he didn't know if he was about to lose his job and his wife may lose her job because of the attack on DEI. So there is a real fear and pain that is happening in this country from federal workers, all because Elon Musk and Doge don't know what they're doing. Okay? For some reason, we learned nothing from history in this country. Okay? Doge, they know what they want to do, but they don't know what they're doing. And let the record show I am all for reinventing government. Lemme say that again. I am all for reinventing government and cutting waste and improving performance and federal agencies for there is a constitutionally correct, lawful way to do it.


And President Bill Clinton showed us the way from 1993 to the year 2000, okay? It was called the National Partnership for Reinventing Government. And they aim to make the federal government more efficient, more effective, and more responsive. And guess what? It worked Okay. America had a surplus of money during the Clinton era. Go do your Googles. It's right there for us to learn from. And one of the main reasons it worked is because President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore worked with federal workers. The same people, Marjorie Taylor Greene, just told us, don't have real jobs and don't deserve their paychecks. They worked with these federal workers and they encouraged frontline federal employees and managers to identify problems and suggest solutions.


They didn't just dismiss them the way Elon Musk is and the way Marjorie Taylor Greene just did. What do you mean federal workers don't deserve their paychecks? That's a broad general generalization. Okay? Some federal workers don't deserve their paychecks, but that's why you get authorized bipartisan congressional legislation. You work slowly over several years to identify inefficiencies. You involve federal workers in re-envisioning their jobs. So when you cut, you cut fat and not muscle. The blueprint to do this correctly and legally is right there. Bill Clinton showed us the way, but Marjorie Taylor Greene would rather attack the victims of the incompetence instead of attacking the incompetence of Elon Musk, indulge Marjorie Taylor Greene is clearly shown she doesn't care about her constituents who work in the federal government.


So why do her constituents care about her? I have an idea to make government more efficient and we can reduce waste in Congress by simply not voting for people like her. Please let Chelsea handle, give Audrey Taylor Greene the biggest haw. He haw. He haw. That is way too much. Dan. Mayonnaise. All Right. Correct me if I'm wrong. Okay. That's what the YouTube comments are for because I am medium retarded. Medium. You're not supposed to Use that word. Medium, right? I know. I am largely retarded. You well done. Are the average the average, retarded, retarded age for a person? Oh my god. In God, huh? What do you think? No, no. You, you, you.


You're above average. Okay. When it comes to that like short bust, like, okay, all right. Well I never, TikTok took us off 'cause he said that. That word. Yeah. All Chinese spyware. Anyway, Alright. TikTok took us right off soon as you said that. All right, well thank you for that dog in the day. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed.


Deliver online A apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here?


Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back.


Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein. Where have you brought Us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. ING Blasting. Oh, French Dressing.


Exactly. Oh, that's Good. I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles and that has given birth to my podcast, the Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily puzzle nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to the puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.