
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to Be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving dust Today too? Now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday, January 22nd, goes to a 48-year-old Indiana woman named Jennifer Lee Wilson. Now I have a confession to make. My name is Nar McKelvy more commonly known to the public as Charlamagne Na God. And I am a notorious, notorious fat shamer. We know Some might even call me a bigot toward big backs, but I swear Emini here. Well, okay. I only make jokes on fat friends and family. Every other obese person I judge from afar.


But today, Jennifer Lee Wilson deserves to be fat shamed by us all. Jennifer Lee Wilson is the reason RFK Jr. Wants to ban high fructose corn syrup. Okay? She may become the face of federal food regulations because the last time I witnessed somebody weaponize their weight like Jennifer Lee, it was Ricki from the WE. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? She weaponized her weight. Well, let's go to NBC five Chicago for the report. Police 10-year-old Dakota Stevens had a smile that defied a difficult upbringing. The Indiana boy spent years in foster care and was killed. Prosecutors now say by his new foster mother, he Did it the best that he could. Yeah. And unfortunately, you know, he fell victim to, to the system.


His former foster family has spent weeks pushing for charges. And today Porter County prosecutors charged Jennifer Wilson with reckless homicide. Dakota had just been placed in her Val Perez home when police say he ran off after a temper tantrum, even asking a neighbor to adopt him because his parents hit him in the face. But police say Wilson found and brought him back and he tried to run again. So she laid her entire weight on his body. While calling the boy's caseworker, Wilson told police that she laid on the boy's midsection out here in the yard to control him. The 10-year-old weighed just 91 pounds. But Wilson, according to police, weighs 340 pounds and sat on the child for five minutes until he stopped moving.


Jesus. God, first things first, rest in peace to 10-year-old Dakota Stevens. That young man tried to get help. Okay? When you run away from home, run away from you know your foster mother to a neighbor's house and asked him to adopt you, Lord only knows the trauma you were experiencing in that house. Okay? He ran from that obese orphan killer. All right? Dakota was four foot 10 and weighed 90 pounds. Jennifer Lee was four foot 11 and weighed 340 pounds. She was built like a Range Rover. And no matter how good Dakota was eating in that house, he had to get away because that young man knew that his fate, he knew what his fate would be if he stayed there. He just knew, let the record show fate without the E at the end.


His fat and fate without the F in the front is eight. That has nothing to do with nothing. I just wanted to make that observation because Jennifer Lee Wilson is obese And I cannot believe she's only getting six years in prison with one year suspended to be served on probation for killing a whole human. Okay? This was a fat fatality, okay? You should be a fat felon forever. In fact, the judge should say, I'm giving you a year for every pound. Yes, 340 years. Okay? I would've made you a fat funky felon forever. All right? You are a large law breaker and you don't deserve to experience the Krispy Kreme hot light ever again. Why did this wide ass wrongdoer only gets six years?


If you ask me? She's a heavyweight homicidal maniac. Okay? This wasn't no accident. She thought about this. She was intentional about this. This was a cold, calculated, chunky, chubby ass crime. The only time she's been more premeditated was probably at Golden Corral. Would you like to hear more about her sentencing? Let's go to CBS News Chicago for the report, please. A northwest Indiana judge sentenced a woman in the death of her foster son, Jennifer Lee Wilson pled guilty to reckless homicide in the April death of her foster son. 10-year-old Dakota Lee Stevens investigators say she pinned Dakota to the ground by lying on his midsection for several minutes, causing fatal injuries. A judge sentenced her to six years in prison.


Look at this woman. Oh, shoot. She looked like the Mucinex man. Wow. Does she not? Yeah. I did some research and by research Emini here, chat, GPT And I asked chat. GPT has a sumo wrestler ever sat on someone and killed them and chat. GPT said, there are no well documented cases of a sumo wrestler and intentionally sitting on someone to kill him. So Jennifer Lee Wilson, you did something that a sumo wrestler has never done. And it was your adopted son. You and all your fat cells should be in a prison cell forever. How did they give this big body? But your only six years, okay? This woman is built like grimace from McDonald's, but she's not friendly and lovable.


No, this is the grimace reaper. She's a massive murderer. This half ton killer deserves to be in prison forever. And I don't know why she isn't. What? All Right, what? All right, all right, all right. I play steam music. What? There? Oh my god. What? Mac? Yeah, mid-size Mac is in here. What? It's gotta stop, bro. What? You have to stop. Stop. What? This woman is a killer. I'm, I'm starting to think somebody fat touched you at a, at a young age. 'cause you hate us with such a wow. This has nothing. This woman killed her 10-year-old. No, no. I understand. By sitting on you. I, And I understand that. And as the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee, she was wrong in a sense of like, when we are our size, we know we know our issues. Yes. Like when I go to church and you know they got those little white church chairs.


I know those don't hold me. I gotta test those. I test a lot of chairs before I sit down. That's, that's the stupid, you know what I'm saying? Even during sex, you know how long it took me before I got on top? I was scared. It's, I don't know what Get on top. My God. You get on top. It's like getting on a rollercoaster. I'm terrified. I'm like, every couple strokes good. Can you breathe? You gotta stop. You gotta, you know what? Emini here, that poor, that poor guy. I hate you. Who? Who are, you can't Suicide of women that are letting you get on top. Beside the point, you don't know if they're women and men. You don't know what, what he Does, bro. Your pushup game must be crazy 'cause no way you put all Your weight it took. No, no, no. Keep planking. Flaking, bro. Gotta, it's a balanced thing. You gotta lean to the left. To the right it Poor person. Not on one side person. Yes.


Now She in a kayak. She should have known that that sitting on that kid was, that was wrong. You gotta treat that like all types of furniture. See, y'all don't know that because y'all, you know, y'all got gym memberships. But yeah, it, the worst thing you could do is sit somewhere in public and that chair break. 'cause there's no way you could play that off. Off and just like this. There's no way you could play off killing a Kid's a human. You have a broken chair on a plane. On a plane. Yeah, not on a plane. I've, I've broken a lot of chairs because you Fly cargo. I do have a question. The seatbelt extender, how many do you use One now? Well right now I thank God Mac has lost a lot of weight. Yes. Last month was the first time I ever didn't need one. You didn't need an Extended at all? I didn't need an extended for time.


Drop a bond From Mac time. Wow. But shout out to all the, the stewardess and all the flight attendants because they are very respectful when they come to you to like, they sell drugs like you need that, you need, you need that thing. And I be like, man, everybody On the plane know what they whispering you about back. I know whatcha Talking about They either, they're either observing bi or asking you about the extended. It's not much. Yeah, They be like, you need that, you, you need that. And I'd be like, well what you got? And they'd be like, yeah, we got that. Oh, you know they was on snacks. Nah, Emini here. That comes later. But the first, they always, they always make sure you good because the last thing you want is the plane to have turbulence. And then my big ass is flying around facts. You know what Emini here, facts. And I hit somebody, but I Can't imagine you on top. That is insane. Emini here. Look, That's what you got outta this.


A lot of chubby chasers out there. We said all of that. Yeah. But to say please give the glutton in this reaper. Jennifer Lee Wilson, you have to stop the biggest Seahawk. What? Gotta stop me. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes. This is disgusting. Don't go anywhere. And this, this is disgusting media Mac. No, no, don't call her. Disgusting. Okay. No, this is disgusting. No, it's true. She killed her Little baby. That's right. This woman, this woman had Not on purpose. She was not like a Murderer. This woman had a crushing presence. This is Terrible. Put on. Okay Lord. Alright, Let's, I can't wait till there's a short killer and then you gonna be right in there. 800. I can't wait. Hell them. The short Killer is killed. Alright, let's open up the phone lines.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlamagne. Tha God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At Ritual, we know what goes into a magical holiday season. The potluck planning, the gift giving the spreadsheets. This new year, take a moment for yourself with simple daily rituals that help you put your foundational health at the top of your to-do list rituals essential for women. 18 plus multivitamin is a clinically backed multivitamin featuring nine high quality key essential ingredients to help you fill key nutrient gaps in your diet. Or maybe you're stressing your daily protein intake, or you want to double down on support for your gut microbiome. From plant-based essential protein to three in one pre-pro and post biotic strains with Symbiotic Plus ritual helps you focus on supporting your body after a long season of juggling everybody else. And for a limited time, do it with 30% off a three month supply at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Consider this is a Daily News podcast and lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change? What will change look like for energy drill Baby drill schools? Take the department education close, Healthcare better And less expensive. Follow Coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises And consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.