
Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now key Huey Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie roles of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom, alongside Harrison Ford and then his data from the Cult Classic De Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins an Academy of Wolf. His performance and everything everywhere, all at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also Stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one. You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


See, hi bitch haw. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep say out his mouth. If gotta say something you may not agree with doesn't mean I'm mean Who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that Don Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the day right there. But The Breakfast Club bitches, you can call Me the DONKEY of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Yes. DONKEY of the day for Monday, February 3rd goes to Dallas Mavericks general manager, Nico Harrison. Now if you haven't heard the Dallas Mavericks traded Luca Don Chicks, how you pronounce his name? DONKEY Don Don Luca. Okay, Luca Luca is 25 years old. He was rookie of the year.


He's been to the All Star game five times. He led the league in scoring last year averaging over 33 a game. And he took the maps to the NBA finals last year. He's a franchise player, okay? The type of player you build around, but Nico Harrison doesn't seem to think so. So Luca was traded to the Dallas Maverick Emini here to the, to the Los Angeles Lakers For Anthony Davis who's no slouch his damn self. Okay? He's got a career average of 24 and ten nine time All star four time all NBA first team, two time all NBA defensive team. But he gets hurts a lot and he's 31 years old. Okay, look, I could be totally pre premature with this Heehaw because I believe Anthony Davis and Kyrie Irvin are gonna be great in Dallas. But some things make sense and some things don't make sense to me. And Luca being traded from Dallas to the Lakers doesn't make sense to me.


Let's go to E-E-S-P-N news for the report please. This is maybe the most stunning trade definitely that I've been a part of in recent NBA history as far as it, it was never clearly out there. And I'm told Luca Doni, Anthony Davis, LeBron James, the players, coaches, a lot of people on both sides with the Mavericks and Lakers had no idea. I can assuredly tell you it's a fact. LeBron James had no idea this was coming. Anthony Davis had no idea this was coming. I'm told Luca Doni is still stunned about this trade, but when you look at the totality of what just occurred, Luca Doni is a 25-year-old, like you said, mega star, you know perennial all NBA player.


He's someone that you think of as untouchable as a guy that's never gonna be traded. I'm told that the Mavericks actually approached the Lakers and offered Luca Dtic a few days ago in a trade. Very recently the Mavericks went out. They knew exactly who they wanted. They wanted Anthony Davis. That's the player that if they were ever gonna trade Luca Dongen, this was even a thought that was gonna cross their mind. It was four ad Just when I thought no sports organization in Dallas could make worse decisions than my cowboys. Here come the math. Okay? Now, Dallas must know something about Luca that we don't reports are that Luca's weight went up to 270 pounds. So you mean to tell me that Luca got traded because he gained too much weight. But Zion Vandross is still a pelican now I got nothing love, I got nothing but love for Zion Williamson, okay, South Carolina all day, but nobody's weight has fluctuated more since the architect never too much.


So you're not gonna make me believe that Luca got traded because of his weight. When a generational player like Luca gains weight, you don't trade them, you get 'em A trainer and a nutritionist. Simple. How do you go from 33 a game in an NBA finals appearance last year to 28, 8 and seven this year to all of a sudden your team saying they don't want you because you're fat. In fact, Miko Harrison said the reason they made the trade was because they wanna win now and weren't thinking about 10 years from now. Listen, I think the long term is the timeframe. I think he, he fits our timeframe. If you pair him with, with Kyrie and the rest of the guys, he fits right along with our timeframe to win now and win in the future. And I, and, and the future to me is three, four years from now, the future, 10 years from now, I don't know, I don't think I, they probably buried me and Jay by then or we bear ourselves.


Yes, I think you might've buried yourself Nico. He went to the NBA finals last year. Okay? He's 25. Give him and Kyrie some time to cook. Surround them with more talent. Okay? How is a gm? Are you not thinking 10 years down the road? This guy Luca is gonna be a superstar for a long, long time. Unless you know something we don't. Okay. Nico said the contract was a factor too. Let's listen. Yeah, I I think it wasn't really like a point, I think it was how do we make our team better. You know, there's some unique things about his, his contract that we had to pay attention to. You know, there's, there's other teams that were loading up, you know, that he was gonna have, he was gonna be able to decide is make his own decision at some point of whether he wants to be here or not.


Whether we want to supermax him or not or whether he wants to opt out. So I think we had to take all that into consideration and feel like we got out in front of what could have been a tumultuous summer. So you're telling me joke not gonna get a supermax when it's his time. Jason Tatum signed a supermax. Okay. You surround Luca with the right talent so he doesn't want to leave. I don't know man. I think that this brought to this story. Okay. Whose lady in the Mavericks organization did Luca knock off? Yeah. All right. Did you find out he's a serial killer in Slovenia. All right, somebody tell me something that makes sense because I refuse to believe the basketball Gods loved the Lakers this much. Okay? Or maybe they do.


I've been alive a long, a long time, long enough to see the Lakers do this quite a few times from Kareem Abdul Jabbar to Shaquille O'Neal to Paul Gssa, to LeBron James. The trades that have been vetoed like Chris Paul, they always tend to get one that makes you scratch your head. Like how do they pull that off? And really I would like to know how did they pull that off? Okay, Nico, you got a piece like Luca and you didn't even think to shop it, you want us to buy it. You are thinking about winning a championship in the next three to four years, but you didn't even put Luca on the open market to see what other deals were available. I'm sure that there was better deals out there. Okay? I'm telling you right now, if this don't work, Donald Trump is going to use you Nico as an example as to why DEI is ruining corporate America.


I've never seen anything like this. And now because Luca has been trading, he is ineligible for the $345 million Supermax contract that he was short to sign. By the way, I don't think that's fair because it's not performance based. Luca earned that money because of what he does on the basketball court. He shouldn't have to leave hundreds of millions of dollars on the table because executives made what I believe to be a poor decision. But I only feel it's poor because I don't have all the information. If it is because of his weight, then Luca needs to sue for weight discrimination. Okay? If big dank can sue lift yeah, then big dunk should be able to sue the maths. That's all I got. Please give general manager Nico Harrison the biggest hee-haw I playing with Big Dan girl.


What you mean? It's a big Dan Sue Lyft. That's for real. If big Dan can sue lift for wage discrimination, how come Big Don can't sue the mats? Gotta be more to that story. It's Got to be man. Gotta be more to the story man. Knocked off somebody girl or something in the organization man. Oh he was acting frustrated like he didn't wanna resign so they figured they trade him before he just opt out. It gotta be more to that situation. Well He trading a year from Now, right? Next year I thought. Right. I Don't gotta be more to that story. It gotta be Gonna get rid of no Luca donkeys like that And, and people always ask about the no trade clause. I think there's only 10 NBA players with a no trade clause ever in their contract and just a number. It was David Robinson, John Stockton, Kobe Bryant, Tim Duncan, Kevin Garnet, Dirk, Dwayne, Wade, LeBron, Carmelo, and Bradley And Kevin still ended up getting Trader.


Oh, Kevin Garnet. Kevin Garnett got traded a few times. Yeah, But he had to approve it. Mm. You could get traded but you just gotta approve the Trade. I just refuse to believe that they got rid of Luca 'cause he like chocolate cupcakes and oatmeal cream pies. I just don't, I don't believe that. So Wait, you can do that, you can approve, like you can go against them if they try. You just, well, Well you, you can sign a new trade clause where you, you, you won't get traded unless you have to approve the trade. So if you don't wanna leave, you ain't gotta leave. But they don't get that to too many place. Oh okay. Wow. So it's just like sleeves, like you want, you take this nigga The fact that they come together and pick their own teams and people are like, well that's not fair. Well the coaches and management could trade 'em at any any given point And they have to go wherever they, And the fact that hundreds of millions of dollars he's gonna lose now because he is in ineligible for the Supermax.


'cause he got traded as if it's his fault he Got trade his fault. That's right. Wow. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne. Tha God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This Is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.