
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Everybody, It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Hey sis, it's Dr. Joy from Therapy for Black Girls. We've had 400 episodes of conversations, growth and healing, so we are celebrating. Join us for a special episode with internationally recognized yogi Chelsea Jackson Roberts as she shares wisdom on mindfulness movement and motherhood.


I waited later to have children And I still have exactly what I knew that I wanted. You don't want to miss this special episode. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. He laughed. Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news? If I catch all asy traffic, IW y'all. It is just one of the many wacky news Stories out of Florida On The Breakfast Club. Oh man, Yes, DONKEY today for Tuesday, March 18th goes to Kristen and middle stat. Kristen is 35 years old and she hails from the great state of Florida ladies and Gman.


What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. I was always taught that insanity is doing the same things over and over and expecting different results. And when it comes to drug use and how drug use is criminalized, that line applies. I'll explain in a minute. See, Kristen was recently arrested after committing two of the exact same crimes she was previously accused of and out On Bond For I repeat. Kristen was recently arrested for committing two of the exact same crimes she was previously accused of and out On Bond For. Kristen was already out On Bond For fleeing to allude and knowingly driving while her license was suspended, revoked, and she just got arrested again for fleeing to allude and knowingly driving while her license was suspended are revoked.


Now let me talk to y'all about drug use and the criminalization of drug use. Okay? Drug use is an add. Addiction is a disease, and the reason folks don't get cured is because the sickness, the disease is criminalized. Kristen is a meth addict. Okay? Full stop. She doesn't need to go to jail for being on meth. She needs to go to rehab. Okay? If you keep sending Kristen to jail because she has a drug problem, how would she ever get clean? I would rather taxpayer dollars go to getting people help as opposed to getting them locked up. So when I say insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results and regardless of drug use, I can't help it. I'm sick, I'm addicted, I can't help myself, but yet I keep making the same mistakes over and over. I need to stop this insanity and get some help, but it's up to us who know better, who aren't sick, who don't have this disease called drug addiction to help.


Okay? It's up to us to help those who aren't in a position to help themselves. See, if we keep sending people like Kristen to jail for drug use, then we are the insane ones because we not even trying to fix the problem. Now that has nothing to do with why she's getting DONKEY today. See, getting arrested repeatedly for drug use. I understand you addicted, I get it, but you knew your license was suspended or revoked, okay? You knew you were out On Bond For having a suspended license. You know you not supposed to flee from cops because you have already been arrested for fleeing from cops. You out On Bond For fleeing from cops and you decided to do it again. Anyway, Kristen spoke and she said she fled from law enforcement because she did not want to go back to jail for her revoked driver's license.


Hey Kristen, I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the purest meth on the market. But here's an idea. If you don't want to go to jail for driving with a revoked driver's license, how about simply don't drive? Not a tough concept, right? Kristen also admitted that she had smoked meth earlier that day. That's a tough habit to break, but driving when you know your license is rev is revoked, that's a choice, okay? Smoking meth is a choice too, but it's a choice that's outta your control because you are addicted. But driving with a revoked license after being out On Bond For driving with a revoked license, that's a choice. You ain't even gotta do that, okay? I seen plenty of drug addicts riding in the passenger side of their best friend's ride.


Okay? Kristen, your driver's license has been revoked since 2009. Okay? Like you're not even trying at this point, okay? You've been riding dirty for so long that you forgot what clean looked like. Hey, maybe she's born with it. Maybe it's the meth, I don't know. But what I do know is that we need Kathy Griffin to give Kristen and middles stat the biggest hee-haw. Please Give this giant jar of mail the biggest he haw. You can't be out On Bond For a crime and then commit the same crime that you out On Bon for. No, I'm crazy. Alright, well thank you for that Donkey of The Day.


Donkey of The Day is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Hey sis, it's Dr. Joy from Therapy for Black Girls.


We've had 400 episodes of conversations, growth and healing, so we are celebrating. Join us for a special episode with internationally recognized yogi Chelsea Jackson Roberts as she shares wisdom on mindfulness movement and motherhood. I waited later to have children And I still have exactly what I knew that I wanted. You don't want to miss this special episode. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Ever wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this is Working, can help with that. Here's some advice from Jamie Diamond, the CEO of JP Morgan Chase on standing out from the leadership crowd.


Develop your eq. A lot of people have plenty of brains, but EQ is, do you trust me? Do I communicate well? Develop the team, develop the people. It create a system of trust and it works over Time. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor-in-Chief on my podcast. This is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Reality TV and social media have love all wrong. So what really makes relationships last? On this episode of Dope Labs Poet and relationship expert Young Pueblo breaks down the psychology of love, improvises, eye opening insights and advice we all need.


You should not be postponing your happiness. Your greatest happiness is not necessarily going to like come from a relationship. Your partner should add to your happiness, but your happiness is really coming from within you. Listen to Dope Labs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.