
Hey friends, Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw And. This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs And lows of life together, big or small? We are there. And. Now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm NK And. This is Basket Case. What is Wrong With Me? A Show about the ways That mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different meds, But by culture And society. By looking closely AT the conditions That cause mental distress. I. Find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane. What we can do about It And, why we should care. Oh, Look, AT. You gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, Within the span of 17 days. And less than 90 miles. two women did something no other woman had done before. tried to assassinate the president of the United. States One was the protege of Charles Manson. 26 year old Lynette Fromm nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FB I Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore The story of one strange And Violent Summer This season on the new podcast. Rip Current. Here. Episodes of Rip Current early And, completely ad free And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple. Podcasts


Muhammad Ali. George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of the World. Ali was smart And, he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the jungles, like a Hollywood movie. But That is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, All the biggest Slack artists. That on the planet Together in Africa. It was A big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman And the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Dr. Laurie Santos, host of the Happiness Lab podcast as the US elections approach. Where good Childish Nickname It could feel like we're angrier. And more divided than ever. Please stick To policy. Don't get Personal. But in a new hopeful season of my podcast, I'll share what the science really shows. That. We're surprisingly more united than most people think. We All know something is wrong In our culture, in our politics, And That, we need to do better. And That. We can do better. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It's time for DONKEY of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take It if you feel I deserve It ain't no big deal. You know Charlemagne guy girl, have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If gotta say something you may not agree with, doesn't mean I'm mean. Who's getting That? DONKEY That DONKEY That Don Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the day right here. AT, The. Breakfast Club. Bitches. You can Call me the DONKEY of the day. But like I mean no harm. Yes. DONKEY of the day for Wednesday, October 16th goes to the Indiana State Police in Indiana. You all must really like doing paperwork. Okay? In fact, before we move on, I wanna salute all the cops out there who have bigger fish to fry all the law enforcement officials on this planet who don't stick to the rivers.


And lakes they're used to. Because They too busy chasing waterfalls. We don't discuss That enough. Okay, T LC told us not to chase waterfalls, but sometimes those rivers, And lakes are too small. And, we don't need to stick to them. We need to chase the big ass waterfalls. And. There is a lot of cops. That. Understand That, what do I mean when I say That? we, if I was a police officer, And I pulled somebody over for something petty, something small. I don't even wanna call It a petty crime. Just like an infraction like, like failing to pay fines related to minor traffic violations or parking tickets. If I was a cop, And, I pulled someone over for That, I would be like, Hey man, go home. Pay your ticket. If you don't pay your ticket, I'm locking your ass up next time I catch you.


Okay, there. There are just so many nonviolent, And, low level infractions. That usually end up with people being jailed, but it's usually things people shouldn't be in jail for. And That is why I am giving the Indiana State police DONKEY the day today, because It was a dark And lonely night. A state trooper was patrolling the southwestern part of the state when he spotted a 51-year-old man named John McKee driving a little Jeep with no lights. That is a reason to pull somebody over, but there's a lot more to the story. So let's go to WAVE News for the report please. The man was 51-year-old John McKee from Vincents, Indiana And. He was arrested for driving a Power Wheels Jeep AT night while under the influence of marijuana. And meth. Now AT the beginning of this video, And, you can see McKee pull off the road in That blue Power Wheels Jeep.


The officer in the video then stops him, soon performed several field sobriety test, which McKee fails. He's been arrested, And taken to the hospital for several blood tests. And, take a listen to his reaction when he finds out he's being charged with DU I. DU I, That still, That is still, no, I'm hot. That is still here. I'm girl we you talked to the wrong person. Oh man. Oh man. That's all I have to say about That. McGee was later charged with operating a vehicle with a prior conviction, which is a felony. He's since been released pretty Crazy. know It was alright. Thanks so much, ward.


Now You know what you're thinking. How the hell did he fit into a power wheel? AT his big age. Okay, there is two of those in my house. My 9-year-old And, 6-year-old have one And. If I could sit my thick ass in one of those power wheels, And drive It. I would They look so fun? But I can't. So how the hell was John mke able to do? That? That's number one. Number two, You. know what you're thinking. What grade of weed was he smoking? I want some or was It the meth? And Mary, all I need combo platter. That made him say, let me get in this power wheel. And hit the road. Okay? He must have been so high That the power wheel looked like an actual jeep. To him, It must have looked like an actual car. Okay? That's why he got in It. And took off down the road. I've been high like this before, okay?


When I was much, much, much younger, And, when you this high, you can be speeding. And. Think you going slow or you can be going slow. And, think you speeding. I Wonder did the Indiana State Police ask him, sir, do You know why we stopped you? Because the reality is They don't even know why. Why They stopped him. If you stop somebody in a power wheel, you gotta be wondering what the hell's going on. I would have paid paid to see That. John McKee was probably so high he had no clue he was even being stopped. But anyway, listen. Indiana State Police I understand locking him up on the drug charges. I understand locking him up on the public intoxication. I even understand him getting locked up for operating a nons street legal vehicle on public roads. But where I draw the line is a DU I.


Okay, giving a man a DU I because he driving a power wheel high off meth, And weed is insanity. This man posed no threat to the public. What was he doing? Seven miles per hour in a 55? The whole point of DUIs is people are drunk operating vehicles. That can actually kill you. I don't even think power wheels go fast enough to kill bugs. That run into the windshield. Okay? The worst part of this story is That. Some poor child no longer has a Power Wheels Jeep because I'm sure It was impounded. Imagine being a cop doing paperwork for this. This is why I said earlier, sometimes you have to not stick to the rivers. And Lakes, That. You're used to And chase the waterfalls. This was, this arrest was a lake. Okay, more like a river That.


Somebody cried And. Someone else should have built a bridge over And. The Indiana State Police should have got over It because this was nonsense. Please give the Indiana State Police the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You the all the day when you sober up. How do you explain That? You don't. You try to get high again. You get High again to forget the stupid Of all the things you ride And. Like what A goddamn power wheel.


It really don't make no sense. Just like my microphone falling off this now don't make no sense. I'm gonna fix It though. Microphone falling off. You falling off. It's crazy. Anyway, yes, yesterday we had a audio town hall with the vice president, Madam Kamala Harris And. One thing I loved about the town hall is the talkback feature. That. We use You. know the talkback feature. I told you, if you go to the iHeartPodcasts page, iHeart Radio app, go to Breakfast Club podcast, tap the microphone. You could have sent in your questions. We had thousands And, thousands of questions. Definitely couldn't get to all of them within an hour. But I do want to thank everybody who used the talkback feature.


And. I. Wanna thank everybody from Detroit? Who was there? You know I shouted them out earlier. Pastor Ken Lock Zeke from New Era Ice Web Veil. Eric Thomas, Sharon, the program director, Bushman, all of those individuals but I wanna know what, what, what, what You the listeners thought of the conversation just from You know hearing It, what did you think of of the audio Town hall? What did you think of what you heard this morning on The? Breakfast. Club from the Madam Vice President. So can we open the phone lines LL Cool Bay? We should know We should one 800. Go ahead. What'd you Say? I was going. I was gonna read you a text. My mom said I thought That. What'd she say? She said, Charlene. Charlene has Don the best interview of Kamala Harris. That I've seen yet. Thank God for Charlene Long with him. And, all of his crew You know.


That's right. Charlene, Did she say, did she talk about how handsome I am? Did she say anything about That? No. I Think she I. Think she missed That. Part You know she wear glasses. She might not have 'em on That. That's not true. She That. She she's, she's told me. I'm a very handsome man, so I'm And And You know she said That again in the text. And You know you hating And You know you don't want any late AT message. Okay, but it's okay. It's okay. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb. And Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And. When you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club In California during the summer of 1975, Within the span of 17 days, And less than 90 miles.


two women did something no other woman had done before. tried to assassinate the president of the United. States One was the protege of Charles Manson. 26 year old Lynette Fromm nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FB I Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore The story of one strange And Violent Summer This season on the new podcast. Rip Current Here, episodes of Rip Current early And, completely ad free And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple. Podcasts. Muhammad Ali. George Foreman, 1974 And. George Foreman was champion of the World. Ali was smart.


And, he was handsome. Story Behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood Movie, But That is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Makeba, all the Biggest Slack artists. That on the planet Together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman And the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm NK And. This is Basket Case. What is Wrong with Me? A show about the ways That mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture And society. By looking closely AT the conditions That cause mental distress, I.


Find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane. What we can do about It And, why we should care. Oh, Look, AT, you gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw And This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do We navigate the highs And lows of life together, big or small? We are there, And. Now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Dr. Laurie Sandoz, host of the Happiness Lab podcast as the US elections approach, where the childish nickname It can feel like we're angrier. And, more divided than ever. Please stick to policy. Don't get personal. But in a new hopeful season of my podcast, I'll share what the science really shows. That. We're surprisingly more united than most people think. We all know something is wrong in our culture. And our politics, And, That. We need to do better. And That. We can do better. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.