
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, I'm Arto Castro, And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy Podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. I think God sent me this gift so I can show it to The World. And most of all, I help people every single day listen to the Ghost Therapy Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What have you asked? Two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers,


Charlamagne, Some DONKEY days just So themselves. I been watching Charlamagne. I was ready for you. DONKEY. I never heard DONKEY other day. What is it? DONKEY? Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Okay, hold on. DONKEY today for Friday, February 7th goes to a New Jersey state trooper named Jennifer Al Bja. Jennifer, I am disappointed in you, but you represent what The World is now, and that's a bunch of people with zero empathy for their fellow man or woman. Okay? We don't give a damn about what other humans are going through, and that's how I know Jesus has no desires to return to this godforsaken place.


Okay? Why would you wanna come back to a place your father has abandoned? By the way, God ain't lost. We are okay. God don't need to find us. We need to find God and Jennifer. You absolutely need Jesus and you need His Father. Throw some Holy Ghost on that thing too, because this story I heard for the first time, the day was insane. See, because of Jennifer Al Bja, an Essex County jury is handed down an $11.5 million verdict, And I don't think that's enough money. Okay? Why did you know they have to hand this money down? Because back in 2017, Jennifer pulled over a woman named Cheryl Ryans of Jersey City, New Jersey, drop on the cruise bombs for Cheryl Ryans.


I'm telling you right now, this story is gonna piss you off. Okay? This is why back in 88 NWA wrote songs like F the Police, okay? When you hear Kendrick Lamar this Sunday when he's performing, all right, say, all my life I had to fight, and you hear him saying, we hate the Popo. It's because of stories like this. Now, I know all police officers aren't bad, okay? I got love for law enforcement when they do their job correctly, And I know their job is difficult, but cops like Jennifer Al Bja give cops a bad name, And I would hope that police officers around the country, but especially cops in the beautiful state of New Jersey, would denounce this disgusting display of behavior from Jennifer Albu. See, Cheryl RZ was minding her business, driving to work when she began to feel sick.


So she pulled over on the shoulder of a highway in Newark, and the state trooper by the name of Jennifer, Jennifer Albu responded, and Cheryl Rhines didn't respond to her commands. Okay? Cheryl couldn't communicate coherently, okay? She couldn't stand upright. So Jennifer Buji, the state trooper, thought she was intoxicated. Now, Cheryl had no signs of intoxication. Jennifer found no signs of intoxication, okay? No smell or sign of substance abuse. And Cheryl rz, her face was drooping. You know why? Why? Because Cheryl was having a double damn stroke. Okay? Lord have mercy. Jesus Christ, Jesus, I understand why you're not spinning the block on earth.


Alright? This woman, Cheryl Rhines was having a stroke, and Jennifer Al Bja thought she was effed up. Oh, yeah, she was effed up just off, just not off. No drugs or alcohol, okay? This woman, Cheryl Ryans, was dressed in business attire at 8:00 AM on a weekday and had no prior offenses. Okay? Don't let Donald Trump find out about this one, right? If Donald Trump finds out about this woman, Jennifer Abuja, I may even agree with him that this is DEI hire behavior, okay? This is the incompetence. People believe DEI hires display. I don't know this woman's race And I don't care, but I do want to know her age because one of my favorite OGs, who was up here this week, the legendary TK Kirkland, drop on a loose bomb for tk.


He put us up on game a long time ago as to why you can't date no young girls. I don't know if Jennifer's young or not, but it sounds very young. You know why? It sounds young? And you know why TK don't wanna date no young girls? Because you, you need a woman who can recognize the signs of a stroke. Let's listen. I said, listen, I gotta start fucking with s that know sign of a stroke. See, people don't think about that. I got the stuff that know sign of a stroke. These young s can't save your mother life. S right? I'm in my sixties. I gotta stop thinking I'm a young kid.


Could you imagine? I'm with a young over our house, we eat mother sandwiches and I'm, my face drooping, my eyes go back and this, Ooh, look at my, he making faces us. I never, I never seen this one. I never seen this one. We about to go by. We up at a 2000 baby. Keep Slabbing, bb, TikTok, TikTok, TikTok. Put the phone down. TK is absolutely right. You need a woman who is old enough to recognize the signs of a stroke. Jennifer, I have no idea how how old you are, but how dare you.


Do you know she failed to get Cheryl Ryan's treatment at a hospital, and the hospital was five minutes away? No. And instead of getting her to a hospital, she searched her car, then handcuffed her and took her to the police station. She delayed treatment by two and a half hours. A sergeant at the station finally called the EMTs, but the state trooper still left Cheryl r shackled on the floor even after they determined she was in medical distress, fire the whole department. Okay? Where is Doge when you need them? Okay? Government efficiency can't just be about money, all right? And be about DEI highs, it should be about blatant incompetence, and this is blatant incompetence, okay? When officers say they are protecting and serving, what does that mean exactly?


Because this is the exact opposite of that. Now, Dennis m Donnelly, I don't know who that is, but I love what he told the New Jersey monitor. He said, And I quote, I attribute the botched police response, the state troopers, us versus them military mentality. He says they approach their jobs as warriors instead of guardians. They see everybody in the public as a danger. They treated this woman like she was a criminal when she was helpless. End quote. I agree with Dennis. Okay? If you see everybody in the public as a danger, then you won't be able to recognize when someone in the public is actually in danger. This poor woman spent nearly two weeks in the hospital in another month in rehab where she's permanently disabled.


She's unable to speak or understand what people say to her. She has a language disorder caused by stroke related brain damage, all because she didn't get the help she needed in a timely manner because of the ignorance of Jennifer Al Bja. Okay? This woman deserved more than $11 million. At first, the jury awarded her 19.1 million to cover her future medical care, emotional distress, pain and suffering, and loss of income. But they reduced it because they blamed 60% of Ryan's disabilities on the delayed treatment and 40% on the stroke itself, which they say the state trooper didn't cause it. That's true, but I would argue that the inhumane treatment caused by the state trooper, the fact that she delayed her getting the help she needed, caused more stress and made the situation even more worse.


And Cheryl might not be as bad off as she is now, if that state trooper would've responded differently and got her help in a timely manner. Look, man, the highest form of knowledge is empathy. And this is why so many of us are ignorant to life nowadays, because we don't have any, needless to say, Jennifer Abuja, you have none. Please give Jennifer Albu the biggest hee-haw. Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting Ghetto. Oh, and she, she had been a trooper for only two years when she arrested Ryans and she was counseled by her supervisors about the incident.


No, she shouldn't be on, she, she don't deserve to be a state trooper No more. Not at all. Alright, well, thank you for that DONKEY of the day. Now, when we come back, Nicole Avon will be joining us. Oh man, I love Nicole Avon. She has a book out. She came up here last year to promote it. It's called Think You'll Be Happy, but she has the paperback that's out now with a new forward from her husband, Ted Sar. So she'll be here to talk all about that. That's Right. And we'll kick with them next. So don't move Mr. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


What have you asked two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Roe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers,


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy Podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. I think God sent me this gift so I can show it to The World. And most of all, I help people every single day listen to the Ghost Therapy Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.