
Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people,


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic


moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I never heard on DONKEY other day. What is it? Common DONKEY. Say it again. Charla man. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY. DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY today for Monday, April 14th goes to 38-year-old Cody Palmer of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Now, if you haven't heard, Cody is the suspect who's been arrested and charged with terrorism because of an arson attack on Pennsylvania. Governor Josh Shapiro's residence over the weekend as Josh Shapiro's and his family slept. Now, governor Josh Shapiro is Jewish, and this incident happened on the first night of Passover. I don't know if this incident was a Jewish thing or a Democrat thing, but let's go to six a BC Philadelphia for the report please.


Governor Josh Shapiro described himself as emotional but not fearful outside the governor's residence in Harrisburg Sunday afternoon, this after state police say 38-year-old Cody Ballmer of Harrisburg set the state dining room on fire overnight. New video shows the destruction where Shapiro and his family celebrated Passover just hours before on Saturday night. This Kind of violence is becoming far too common in our society, And I don't give a damn if it's coming from one particular side or the other, and it has to stop. Police say it's clear. Bomber had a plan and moved quickly. They say he was inside the home less than a minute and used homemade devices.


What sources described to a B, C News as a Molotov cocktail? Sources tell a, b, C news. Balmer is a mechanic who expressed disdain for Democrats, primarily related to financial issues. They're also not ruling out Shapiro's Jewish faith as a motivating factor. Hmm. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but when somebody asks me do I think this was a Jewish thing or a Democrat thing, I'm gonna say a combination of both. Okay? When you look at the timing of the incident, first day of Passover and the fact governor, you know, Shapiro is a high profile Jewish man. If you are anti-Semitic and you looking to make a statement, you looking to make a splash, he's your guy. But what I want us to pay attention to is how America has gone completely backwards in a lot of ways.


I don't even know if we've gone backwards or if a lot of these racist cancer cells were just laying dormant in the body of America. They were just in hibernation, okay? And they were just in a hibernation like state. And now they've been coaxed outta this slumber because of the current political climate in this country. Don't get me wrong, it's always existed, okay? But man, what happened to Governor Shapiro and his family could happen to anybody who is a member of a marginalized group. In 2025, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Said it best and injustice anyway as a threat to justice everywhere. And this was a complete injustice. And those words couldn't be more fitting because one of the first times I heard about something like this happening was when it happened to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.


January 30th, 1956, Martin Luther King Jr's wife and child were inside when his home was firebombed, all praises due to God, neither of them were harmed. Okay? Malcolm X, February 14th, 1965, his house was firebombed. He had his wife and four daughters in the house, by the way, to all the simple minded digital deadheads out there, I am not comparing Governor Shapiro to Dr. MLK Jr. And Malcolm X. I'm just telling you that when you hear certain stories, when you see certain images, especially horrific things, like somebody firebombing your house, setting your house on fire while you're in there with your family, if you have any type of empathy, it sticks with you. And you say to yourself, I pray that never happens to me and my family.


And you thought that those things were just things of the past. But no, when you see them still happening to folks in 2025, it's just a reminder that potentially it could happen to you. Now, I don't know how Cody got this close to the governor's mansion, Emini here. It's the damn governor's mansion there. There should never be a breach of security there, but I'm starting to believe when it comes to guarding elected officials, Pennsylvania has the worst security ever. Emini here. That's what Donald Trump almost got clipped. And now a 38-year-old kid can jump the governor's man. He, first of all, he's not a kid. What am I saying? And now a 38-year-old man can jump the governor's mansion and actually start a fire with, with homemade devices and get away before he's ultimately caught.


Now, Cody Obama's mother said that Cody suffers from mental illness and he was off his medication. Listen, you know, I overstand, okay? Mental health issues are serious and require compassion, but that doesn't excuse actions that endanger lives and threaten public safety. Okay? He can get all the help he needs in somebody's prison, okay? Because we have to make examples of people like this. I also feel like discrimination is a form of mental illness to hate someone because of what their race is, their religion is, their gender is their sexuality is if you hate people because of what they are, you are mentally ill. And I don't wanna see anyone being attacked or being the target of potential violence because of what they are. Okay? Their race, their faith, their political party.


Do we not understand that diversity is what truly makes America great? And by the way, if you don't like somebody's politics, well get into politics yourself and challenge them, okay? Or support the politicians you like and help them defeat the politicians. You don't. That's how things are done in a civilized country. But unfortunately, this country has always lied to itself about being civilized. Please give Cody Palmer of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania the biggest chaw. Sad. Yes, very sad.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people. Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals.


Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve.


They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.