
I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski, And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules, new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Yes, you are a DONKEY. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo, but The, Breakfast, Club bitchy DONKEY of the day with Charla ain to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting Him get y'all like this all can't hear nothing. I don't have my, I have, I don't have my headphones on. DONKEY the day for Thursday, October 31st. Oh, I can't do it like this. God damnit. I'm trying. Y'all try. Hold on one second. Hold on. I ain't turn this up. Okay, DONKEY, today for Thursday, October 31st go to an 18-year-old named Khali, James Williams.


Now election day is this Tuesday, November 5th. I hope everyone is registered to vote and sadly, for months on this radio, I've been forecasting what we all know is gonna happen on Tuesday and what's gonna happen. It's simply the bs. Okay, look, man, America has never been perfect, but I can honestly say in the 46 years I've been alive, I can remember a time when we were better than this. I remember there was a time when I thought racism and white supremacy would die out simply because I thought all a racist and white supremacists would die out. But nope. Racism and white supremacy are learned behaviors and sadly, they are behaviors that can be passed down. See, according to Neptune Beach, police Chief Michael Key, Jr. Khali and seven male juveniles went to a parking lot at a really busy early voting site in Duval County Tuesday afternoon with the intent to protest and antagonize the opposing political side.


Guess what side he was on? That's right. He was waving Trump flags and they approached a group of people waving signs in support of Kamala Harris and Khale escalated the situation to the point that that little 18-year-old boy pulled out a machete and held it over his head to threaten two women, ages 71 and 54, who called the police outta fear for their life. You think I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to a b, C news. Oh, no, that's not it. Hold on. God damnit, I can't. Let me throw that while you took it off. I need to get under, under my weed. No, I'm not using You can't scratch your wig. Go to CCBs News Jacksonville for the report, Please. We now have video that appears to show the 18-year-old accused of threatening people with a machete at a Neptune Beach polling place. We blurred every face other than Caleb Williams because the others are underage.


Someone who claimed to be one of the teens there sent us this video. They said Williams was using the machete to hold up a Trump flag was not threatening anyone. Police say he raised the machete of two people, including a 65-year-old woman and was there to antagonize others. As we get more details on this investigation, we will bring that America. Cut it out. Okay, everybody cut it out. All right, Steve, if you have to do all that for your candidate to win and maybe just, maybe your candidate isn't as strong as you think they are, okay? Who you vote for should be about character and policy. So if you are a person who has such bad character that you would pull out a machete on the bunch of old women to try to intimidate them from voting, what does that say about you and the person you are voting for?


Okay, Khali, do you understand? You could have got shot and killed in Florida. They have a stand your ground law in Florida, pulling a machete on someone is a complete threat, okay? One of them women are are, or one of those older guys could have pulled out a pistol and sent you straight to the graveyard. One of our great black philosophers gorilla done told y'all, she just drove by the cemetery and it's plenty room for holes. Therefore, I know it's plenty room for young, dumb, misguided potential future white supremacists. Listen, seriously, we don't need this now and we don't need this on election day, okay? Whoever wins Tuesday has to be a president for all Americans, and we should elect a president that our elected person that wants to be a president for all Americans, okay? You shouldn't be willing to go to jail for any elected official, and you're damn sure shouldn't be willing to die for any elected official because they not dying for you.


Okay? They not going to jail for you. I don't care what Donald Trump tells you. He didn't go to jail for you. He went to jail because he was allegedly committing crimes. Some of the crimes he's already been convicted of. Aad, he attempted court in his country he's been charged with, but we saw it with our own eyes. My point is, he's not going to jail for you. He went to jail because he did some things wrong, and you khali our reflection of what's wrong with Donald Trump. And. I feel bad that your young, impressionable 18-year-old mind has been corrupted the way it has. Okay? Voting is not our only, right? It is our power. Okay? We all need to use it wisely, respectfully, but most of all, peacefully. I saw something happen in the beautiful town of Orangeburg, South Carolina, dropping a cruise bombs for Orangeburg.


Somebody sent me a video last night. A guy came in wearing a Let's go Brandon hat and the sister's working the pole, not stripping. I'm talking. Oh, 'cause you confused me for a second. I know I didn't put the S You. Know why you You know it's hard. Sorry, I'm talking voter polls. All right. Okay. The sisters working. The poll told him he couldn't vote with that hat on. All right. My fellow Americans, I don't know if You know, but almost half of all US states prohibit anyone from wearing campaign apparel are buttons within a certain distance of a polling location. This applies to people working for campaigns and organizations as well as voters heading in there to cast their ballots. This man came in there wearing the Let's go Brandon hat. It led to a kerfuffle, a little skirmish between this one man and a woman, all because these women were doing their job and he got mad at them for doing their job.


I hate, okay, I hate it. I hate it. I hate it because I know where this could lead. In the south. Everyone got guns, and I'm gonna tell you right now, you're going to look really dumb making a permanent decision based off a temporary situation. When it comes to this voting thing, imagine doing something at a voting location that causes you to go to prison longer than the president is gonna be in office or causes you to die longer than the president gonna be in office, because the President only gonna be there for four years. You gonna be dead forever. Now, I'm one of those people who feel like if Trump wins, he's not leaving until he dies. But let's act like this is a normal election. You get sentenced over for four years and the person only serves four years. You really wanna be in prison longer than the person you wilding out for is in office. Huh? All this won't even matter four years from now.


Listen, all I want you all to remember on Tuesday is voting, is the cornerstone of democracy a right that deserves respect, safety, and peace? When we vote in peace, we honor our freedoms and protect the voices of our communities. All I'm trying to say and the words of Pusha T when it comes to presidential candidates, damn people ain't dying for you, so don't get killed for them, okay? Please give Khali James Williams the biggest hee-haw thaw, And I, misspoke. Four years from now, who you vote for, Tuesday will matter. Okay, I just wanna put that out there. It will. Alright, well, thank you for that DONKEY today.


Yes, DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski, And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question, what kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season.


Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.