
Need to shake up your routine. Go seafood has you covered with the most satisfying crunch the side of the freezer aisle snack on the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly and southern style shrimp. Or turn to their beer battered filets and classic fish sticks for an easy protein ad to your favorite weeknight dinner. When it comes to easy restaurant quality flavor in your own home. Nothing beats a fresh tasting seafood Go's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more.


Did You know a 2018 study showed half of prenatal vitamins tested, had unacceptable levels of heavy metals. I'm Kat, mother of three and founder of Ritual. When I was four months pregnant, I couldn't find a prenatal I could trust, so I created my own. Ours is made traceable. Third party tested for heavy metals and recently earned the Purity Award from the Clean Label Project. But don't just take my word for it. Get 25% off at ritual.com/prenatal.


This election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I think the choice is clear in this election. Join Me Charlemagne to God. But we the people in Audio Town Hall where Vice President Kamala Harris and you live from Detroit, Michigan exclusively on iHeartRadio, they'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps, hip hop Beat Station,


LJ Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say, get that son of a bitch off the field right now out. He's fired. He's fired. Please step up to the congregation. Yes, you are Dead. Love Trump. When Mexico sends his people Trump, they're not sending their best. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're rapist. These are jackass. Yes dog. Here today for Friday, October 11th goes to the former president of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump.


Oh, the mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Now we are 25 days away from the presidential election and If, you notice the candidates Donald John Trump and Kamala Devy Harris are spending a lot of time in the battleground states. Seven states usually decide the election. Those states are Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. So over the next 25 days you'll see the candidates in those states a lot, especially Michigan and Pennsylvania. Which is why I still don't understand why Tim Walls was picked over Josh Shapiro. But who cares in life? He must play with the cards you've been dealt. Now Donald Trump was campaigning in Michigan yesterday and he was speaking to the Detroit Economic Club at the Motor City Casino and he was doing what some would call rambling. But as he said on my guy Andrew Schultz's flagrant two podcast, he was expressing his genius ability to weave.


Can we hear him talk about his genius ability to weave First Red You know I do a thing called the Weave and there are those that are fair that say this guy is so genius. And then others would say, oh, he rambled. I don't ramble if I, I saw this story. Yeah, what you do is you weave things and you do it. You have to have certain things. You need If. you need an extraordinary memory. 'cause you have to come back to where you started. Yes, you always, a weave is only good If, you come back, we were getting credit for that. Then you could go all the way over here and then get back. I can go so far here or there. And. I can come back to exactly where I started. Now someday when you don't come back to where you started, you're Biden thank You know, but the weave is the way.


Now I played that because I want you to know the media calls what Trump does rambling, but as you can hear him explain, he's fully aware at what he's doing and what he's saying. So when we hear him say certain things, let's not believe he's just talking. Let's not believe he's just rambling. He means every word. So in Detroit, Trump was speaking at length about the threat. He believe Vice President Kamala Harris poses to the US if she wins and he decided for whatever reason to just take his alleged pamper off and defecate all over Detroit. Let's go to CBS Detroit for the report please. Well, it's not every day that a presidential candidate comes to a city to dis the same city that he's standing in. That's exactly what the former president did this afternoon. Now it's anyone's guess exactly how this will fare for him come November.


But Detroiters have opinions. The whole country's gonna be like, you wanna know that it'll be like Detroit. Our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she's a president. Disparaging remarks given by President Donald Trump on Wednesday at a campaign stop and the city has Detroiters up in arms. Detroit mayor Mike Duggan tweeting Lots of cities should be like Detroit. And we did it all without Trump's help. Michigan governor, Gretchen Whitmer also chimed in saying, keep Detroit out of your mouth and you better believe Detroiters won't forget this in November. Detroit, what up though? If America turns into Detroit? That would be great. I mean that mean we'd have so resilience. That's what the R on this hoodie I'm wearing stands for resilience.


Everybody who listens to us on WJLB in the beautiful motor city, what's happening drop on the cruise bombs for them. Okay, Michigan is a crucial battleground state. So yeah, Trump decides to come to Michigan and and insult the largest city by both population and sides in Michigan. And by the way, Detroit is considered to be on the upswing. You saw what the, the, the, the mayor tweeted out. They just read that on the news report. You heard what big GRE said. Big Grech said Detroit is the epitome of grit defined by win is willing to get their hands dirty, to build up their city and create their community. Something Donald Trump could never understand. So keep Detroit out your mouth and you better believe Detroiters won't forget this in November. That's right. You gotta come to the defense of your city.


I don't understand why Trump would come to Michigan and insult the biggest city in Michigan, but I'm gonna tell you right now when I say I don't understand like Trump, I'm basically a truthful person. Actually I'm lying because I know exactly why he has no problem insulting Detroit because Donald Trump knows that a lot of his supporters simply don't care about black people. Let's be clear about it. Vice president Kamala Harris is a woman of color, black and Indian. When Trump says the whole country is gonna be like Detroit if she becomes president, he's telling folks that they need to fear America becoming too black. Not only will you have a black woman president, but Detroit used to be the blackest city in America. I believe it still is. If not, it's still very, very, very, very black. I did some research and by research I mean I asked chat GPT and it said 78% of its population identifies as black.


78%. Okay? So Trump was telling all those folks there, if vice President Kamala Harris becomes President America will be very black. We gotta stop calling these things racist dog whistles. Okay? These are white supremacist bullhorns at this point. If, you don't see the play by now then you don't want to see it. Okay? Nobody plays in the white racial grievances like Donald Trump saying America is going to be like Detroit if Kamala Harris wins is just coded language that attracts racists. So please let Kathy Griffin give Donald Trump the biggest. He haw. Please give This giant jar of mayo the biggest. He haw Salutes everybody in Detroit.


What up do? Yeah. Yeah. I'm actually gonna be there tonight in Detroit. I'm gonna be there Tuesday. I wanna talk to Detroit for a second. I'm gonna be in Detroit on Tuesday and I would like for You know some people from Detroit to join me as I sit down and have a conversation with our vice president Kamala Harris. Okay. Yes. I'm gonna have a conversation with the vice president live on iHeartRadio You. know our listeners are very passionate. Remember the the brother tone that called up the other day? Yep. And he had a lot of grievances, a lot of things he wanted to get off his chest. I want local voices from Detroit and voices from all the battleground states to get the opportunity to ask vice President Kamala Harris Some questions. I know we got some pressing issues to talk about. The future of the nation is decided by who we elect.


So I want to tell Detroit and the whole country don't miss an event. We are calling we the people, a conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris and myself, Charlemagne to God this Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific, right here. And when, I mean right here, whatever station you are listening to me on in your market, you will hear the conversation Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific time. Now If, you listen to us on the iHeartRadio app. There is a feature called talkback. Use the talkback mic and send me your questions right now. Like right now, go to the talkback feature on the iHeartRadio app and send your questions for we the people. A conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris and myself, Charlemagne tha God happening Tuesday at 5:00 PM on iHeartRadio.


That's right. Yes indeed. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY. The day


absolutely Need to shake up. Mealtime Gordon Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets, and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep restaurant quality flavor. Without the hefty price tag, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more


this Election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I think The choice is clear in this election. Join me Charlemagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris and you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We May not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday At 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps Hip Hop Beat Station.