
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski, And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I think we have to let them in in our little surprise. Yeah, if you haven't already figured it out. The Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers, publicist, Katie's and finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost COIs, yet listen to Lost COIs on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk and this is Basket Case. What Is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress. I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, Look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together? Big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Comment DONKEY. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY today for Tuesday, October 22nd, goes to Erica Hutchinson. Erica is a police officer in Memphis, Tennessee and since 2018 she's been stealing. Okay. Yes, this police Officer Helps Steal Crime Stoppers reward money totaling $18,000. I swear we live in a era where you truly can't trust anyone to be anything but human. But this is just another example of there is no right way to do the wrong thing. Let's go to WREG three News for the report. Please Records State from August, 2023 through February, 2024, Memphis police officer Erica Hutchison used her position in law enforcement to enter fraudulent data into the Crime Stoppers database.


Then have a person named KB to receive rewards for tips. Two incidents detailed in the documents state. In late 2023, tips for two separate crimes were approved for Crime Stoppers reward money. But days before that reward payout was scheduled. Hutchinson updated the database system. It's unclear if she knew that system maintained an audit history listing, which user made the modification. What we do know, January 10th, Memphis FBI field office agents conducted surveillance on the Crime Stoppers payout location and witness kb, the person Hutchinson had been conspiring with pull up and pick up the reward payment for both of the tips records go on to State Hutchinson and KB fraudulently obtained $18,500 in rewards from Crime Stoppers.


Erica was running a scam from within the system. I'm telling you man, one of the greatest books you can read is The Law of the Laws of Human Nature by Robert Green. Okay? Humans are such interesting creatures to me because this woman was a police officer. She was stealing reward money from Crime Stoppers since 2018. You just heard what they said. She was one of two officers assigned to sort through Crime Stoppers tips and then give that information to the investigators. The the invest that investigators documents. Well, that investigator documents the usefulness of that tip in a database which Erica had access to. So from August, 2023 to February of 2024, she used her position in law enforcement to enter fraudulent data into the Crime Stoppers database.


Then had a person named KB to receive rewards from the tips. Here's what I don't understand. Hmm? You are a police officer. Erica, how about simply do your job attempt to solve the crime, connect with real people on the street. It's snitches everywhere. Okay? It is. People willing to give up information all the time. Have those people send in the real tips that lead to real arrest and then when they collect the money, split it with them. I don't know if that's legal or not. That's not legal. That's not legal. That's Not legal. Like you, you, you just as dumb as up. Alright, do too much. Ain't watching too much power. But at least you, at least you can fall back on the fact that hey, you really solving crimes.


You really getting criminals off the street. You're not making up things. Okay? This is disappointing on multiple levels. First, you turned your badge into a side hustle by scamming crime stoppers. Okay? That immediately makes you untrustworthy. And when you a police officer, you're supposed to be in a position of trust. There is already a level of distrust between civilians and cops. And it's because of situations like this. A lot of people feel like the cops spend all day beating us up, shooting us when we are unarmed. Unarmed are pulling heist like Alonzo on training day. All right? We know this isn't the truth about all officers, but because of things we've seen with our own eyes and propaganda or should we say propaganda, this is what we think. And Erica, you didn't make the situation any better because instead of using your position as a cop to serve the community, you have used your position as a cop to serve yourself.


Please give Erica Hutchinson the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY, the of. So you telling me if I'm a cop, if you're a cop, And, I got people in the street, got people in the street, And, I go to these people in the street, And, I go, Hey You know there's a reward for turning in such and such. Or if y'all can gimme some information that can lead to the arrest to such and such. Right? And then they give me that information, I give that information over to Crime Stoppers.


Crime Stoppers uses that information and it actually leads to an arrest. And then that person gets a reward. If that person wanna gimme $500 for Christmas or $500 for my birthday or $500 'cause he want me to go get some Dunking Donuts, that's illegal. Yes, I know way that's legal. I don't believe that. Yes. You think there's like Don, a police bribery agency. Like you can't take percent like an agent Cannot Take, not even bribery but like, I don't know. It just, it's no, I led you to some money. Lauren, you right, you You know somebody out here selling bad weeds or something, right? So bad Weeds or weed? Weeds. Weeds. You know he said weeds. I just wanted to be Clear. So you, you tell me who these people are. You, it leads to an arrest, you get the reward money for it, then you be like, You, know what I got 2,500, here's 500 on.


That's illegal. And why would you say Weaves with her? Right? You know why he said it. He wanted me to go find the people that was trying to fix that hairline and it didn't work. So he had to go bald first of all. So of all, I understand your intent of all You. know what I mean? Of there's no malice in your, that's why I didn't react that first. You know Since you wanna talk about it, we all since you wanna talk About it, we all got underlying issues and conditions. So I let her lie. She Be bitching her scalp all morning. She been barrel the cat. She been patting her head so much. She gonna give herself a concussion. Listen, Jessica gonna come back from maternity leave and we gonna have to put her on concussion protocol because she just sit here like this all morning long. She need a rat tooth comb so bad to get up under that cat. The Metal. It's this act right? You said you wanted to gimme some stuff for my birthday.


Can you add the rat tooth? And. I? Get that. Somebody Get Lauren a rat rat tooth comb so she can get up under that Cat cap. And. I'm gonna let You know real find people that she's trying Not to scratch right now And I'm gonna, let's not real Trying to, she trying not to scratch right Now. What's a cat? Me? The camera's on's a cap. It's a cat she Trying to scratch right now. My hair is just out at the top. It's Itching right now. It's like a fitted. You just Pat, not a fitted cat. Pat, pat, Pat, pat. Your weave lady. Pat. Pat. Come on Pat yours lady. They're scratching. Soon as the cameras pat patch lady, as soon as we go to bricks, you gonna be alright, right gal? Alright guys. And you just sitting over there watching me fight. You always just sit the between your eyelash and that weave. I leave you alone. Okay? Just always sit over there watching me. I think it's demons a envy this. No, this is not Concussion.


Protocol is crazy. Demons. I think it's demons. You ate that. You ate business right There. I'm my business. Okay. Sip that tea because you just took that big chunk. You ate that. Go ahead. That you did that one. I think it's demon. I thought It was real. It doesn't matter. It looks good. Envy. Are you supposed to say God, God, God know. Ain't God that way. God no. God be just testing me to see if it's working. He'd be like, let see if it's really working. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY day. Yeah, lemme see if he really working on, I knew I tried to wear flats today 'cause I might got punchy.


I might need a punchy. Alright gal, wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars.


We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I think we have to let them in in our little surprise. Yeah, if you haven't already figured it out. The Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publish this. Katie's and finalists tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost COIs, yet listen to Lost COIs on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends, Hey Friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla. Luddington and We have a new podcast call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm nk and this is Basket Case. What Is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture and society.


By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress, I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.