
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know and there's nothing by getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


There Only one Charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you Giving dust here today to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Thursday, September 12th goes to President Joe Biden. Listen, the Vice President has a slogan and the slogan is we are not going back. And that slogan can be interpreted all types of ways. But one of the things Democrats should not go back to is cowardly politics and terrible messaging. What happened yesterday while President Biden was at an event comm commemorating the 23rd anniversary of the nine 11 attacks was a form of those cowardly politics and terrible messaging. See, president Biden decided to wear a red Donald Trump hat. I cannot make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to Sky News Australia for the report Police. Well, The US President, Joe Biden has been spotted wearing a red Donald Trump campaign hat speaking at a nine 11 commemoration event this morning.


There it is right there. The president was videoed as he wore a cap that reads Trump 2024. Lord Have mercy. President Biden, president Biden offered a hat to a Trump supporter in the crowd while speaking. Who in return gave the President that MAGA hat in exchange a Trump support account on the social media platforms posted an image of Biden wearing their hat, thanking him for his support. Donald Trump would never, okay, a day after your vice president has a phenomenal debate against the former president of the United States of America, Donald Trump, you missed the President decide to put on a hat that says Trump 2024. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but that doesn't seem like a show of support for your vice president.


To me, this race is gonna be tight. Okay? This race can be swung by just the tiniest fraction of votes, which won't fare well for the Democrats because Trump is gonna challenge the results of the election. We know this. Don't act surprise when it happens. Okay? There are gonna be Republican elected officials all over the country who will refuse to certify the results of the election. Donald Trump's Supreme Court, in my opinion, in light of so many of their recent rulings, including but not limited to the presidential immunity ruling, which gives Presidents absolute immunity from criminal prosecution. In light of rulings like that, I believe they would overturn the results of the election. So Democrats only defense against that is large voter turnout. That's it. By the way. That's always their only defense against voter suppression because they can't get things like the John Lewis Voting Rights Act or the Freedom to Vote Act passed.


So when You know you need that kind of turnout, why is the sitting president would you wear a hat in support of a person who is the op of your running mate? He is an op in regards to your administration. You President Biden, you call him a threat to democracy, okay? If he's a threat to democracy, why are you wearing paraphernalia that supports him being president in 2024? You said you did it as a gesture of unity. You can't call someone a threat to democracy and then wear their paraphernalia and want to be unified with them, okay? Nobody who opposed Nazis would ever wear something with a swastika on it. And President Biden not only wore it, he took a picture in it. Now that picture is all over social media.


It is going to be in TV commercials, digital ads. Donald Trump's campaign immediately, as you heard in the news report, thanked Joe for the support. Another post from them said Kamala did so bad and last night's debate, Joe Biden put on a Trump hat. This is why you gotta keep Joe Biden in the basement, right? We not going back. Okay? Since the VP has been the nominee since she's been at the top of the ticket, you see all the Democrats who have political courage and who are actually good at messaging front and center. You see Governor Josh Shapiro, you see Governor Gretchen Whitmer, you see Secretary Pete, you see Congresswoman Jasmine cock you, Jasmine Crockett. You see Congresswoman? Wow Ayanna Presley. Okay? Just to name a few.


These individuals have political courage. They aren't cowards at all, and they have very clear, relatable messaging. Joe Biden represents a regime that simply doesn't have the courage to stand up to the bullies. A day after we watched the VP bully the bully, the president of the United States of America is back trying to get along with the bully. He wants a gesture of unity with the bully. That's terrible messaging. Okay, let me tell you something, president Biden, if Donald Trump gets back in office, he's putting you in jail. Alright? He's already vowed to prosecute his political opponents. Trump wrote on social media just this past weekend, when I win, those people that cheated will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, which will include long-term prison sentences.


And please be aware that please be aware that this legal exposure extends to lawyers, political operatives, donors, illegal voters, and corrupt election officials. This man is going to lock your ass up if he becomes president again and you wearing his hat, you wearing his campaign paraphernalia. This is why Democrats have to keep Joe Biden in hiding every time Joe Biden steps outside his GPS tells him he's arrived, but it's never where he meant to go. Okay? I don't want him talking to anyone. I don't want him answering any questions. Can you imagine Joe Biden having a press conference right now, having to navigate his way through tough questions like what's today's date?


And then after Biden took a picture in the hat, he took a picture with a bunch of kids with Trump paraphernalia on, look, I'm all for bipartisan togetherness. Okay? But not when you trying to win an election and somebody, please tell President Biden this isn't the Republican party he came up with. Okay? It's maga. I don't know why Republicans just gave the party to maga, but they did And I don't know. Maybe President Biden thinks MAGA stands for Make America geriatric again. Okay? He's sick of the disrespect the old people. And he wants you to know Bingo Knights and IHOP senior citizen specials will never go outta style. Make America geriatric again because who needs fast wifi when you've got a rocking chair and a good story.


The moral of the story is President Biden, it's time for you to move like a VP for these last 50 days and just be quiet, okay? Please give President Joe Biden the biggest hee-haw. Come On now. He Couldn't stop for the babies though. Charla the kids. No, Not wearing that MAGA hat. No, No. Watch. Let me, let me show you how serious it is. Charlamagne, can you wear my giant hat right now? What? Please see, I'll I'll, if I had a light in here, I'll set it on fire. See, And this is just a football team. You Got your mind. He looked a gift for a lighter too. I saw you You know when I was a young lad. I think that's the right, right word Young lad. 19 when I, a young, young lad, right?


In 19 19 10. In 1,910 when I was a young lad, damn, I had a Mark rip my mama bought me a mark rip sweatshirt from Family Dollar Mark Rip used to be the quarterback for the Washington Redskins. And see, I'm from the country, right? Bronx corner of South Carolina. So we used to have to burn our trash like we didn't have the the trash pickups. So we used to have to burn our trash outside. So sorry. So that trash was outside burning. My daddy took that sweatshirt and threw that sweatshirt on the trash screw, threw it right on that fire. Okay? So you're not gonna wear my Giants jacket, you don't wear ops paraphernalia, period. Okay? I just keep hearing instrumental. That's my song Lu. You Alibaba, okay, that had nothing to do with nothing but it You Know.


I just noticed something, but I'll mind my belly, Leave me alone. Don't do it. Hit me a I just noticed. Go ahead. Notice what you notice. I ain't gonna say nothing. Can't say it. What you think I noticed, Lauren, this has nothing. DONKEY day's over is it? What do you think? I know Lauren. Lauren, you want tell you My Headband? Yes. Yes, because I need my braids done. My girl canceled on me. But she coming up Saturday though. She coming up Saturday. I'm struggling. My baby hairs are full grown over here like it is insane. You said it ain't no more. I'm just happy for growth though. You're not gonna believe Not that new girl. You ain't happy for new growth. Lemme tell you something yesterday furry. I heard. I'm sitting there watching Lauren and Lauren goes, damn, my hairdresser just canceled on me.


And as soon as she said that, her hair just turned furry. It did like, I mean it just like all the new growth. I saw it come in in like seven seconds. It Did. It's gonna look so good though when it's freshly pressed. But what about today? Oh, today is given. They didn't even know until you said something. That's Not true Until you said something That's not true. All right, gals. Right? Alright, gals, When We come back.


DONKEY today is brought to you by the law office of Michael S. Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days in less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm nice Dobbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then You know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.