
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Hey, Hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on now. Back to the Funk.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If. you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo, usher, and Tyler and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good At it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlemagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving ducky today to Now? Well, sexy red DONKEY. Today for Thursday, September 5th goes to a 28-year-old woman from Louisville named Ricky Smith. Okay. Ricky Smith was arrested after she claimed Kanye West told her to steal a car. Let's go to WDRB for the report. Police. A woman was arrested in Evansville after she claims Kanye West told her to steal a car that had a child inside Evansville. Police responded to calls of a woman trying to get into random cars. Friday morning, officers arrested a Ricky Smith after a woman says Smith tried to steal her car with her child in the backseat.


When police asked Smith why she tried to take the car, she said that Kanye West spoke to her telegraphically and told her to steal it. Smith is charged with attempted kidnapping and attempted auto theft. Now let me be the first to say there are a lot of things we can blame Kanye West for. There are a lot of things I would like to blame Kanye West for, but this isn't one of them. Okay? This young lady said Kanye West spoke to her telegraphically. Now, if You know anything about me, then You know I'm a huge comic book fan. Marvel is my favorite. I have a tattoo of Wolverine on my right arm. I'm a massive X-Men fan. The leader of the X-Men is Charles Xavier, professor X. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but Professor X power is telepathy. Okay? I believe the first time I even heard about telepathy was because of Charles Xavier telepathy allows him to read and control the minds of others.


He's considered one of the most powerful telepaths in The World and can read minds within a 250 mile radius telepathy. So I was confused when I heard Ricky Smith say Kanye West spoke to her telegraphically. That didn't sound like anything Charles Xavier could do. Now, I looked up Telegraphically and Telegraphically means in a way that is short and does not use extra words. There is no way Kanye West would ever speak to someone telegraphically because he uses a lot of words, okay? He talks a lot and it wouldn't be short. Let me use it in a sentence. As a headline writer, his job is to come up with a telegraphically brief description of what each article is about. What I'm trying to tell you is that Telegraphically has nothing to do with telepathy. I did some research and by research, I mean I asked chat, GPT. I said Chat GPT.


What's the difference between telegraphically and telepathy and chat? GPT told me like 30 to 40 grand gamecock sucker beat it. Okay, that's Jay-Z imaginary player. Google it. Kids chat. GPT actually told me that tele tele telegraphically and telepathy refer to two very different concepts. Okay? Telegraphically relates to the use of a telegraph, which is a device uses the 19th and early 20th centuries to send messages over long distances using electric signals. Now, Kanye West samples a lot of old music, but I didn't know he also sampled old technology. Okay? There is a big difference between speaking through the wire and speaking through Morse code. If Kanye is resorting the most code, then wherever he is must have trash ass wifi.


I mean, if he's doing Morse code, then his wifi is as unstable as he is, okay? Dot dot dash Ricky, I'm gonna let you finish, but grand Theft Auto have the greatest car thefts of all time. Now, telepathy refers to the ability to transmit thoughts or feelings between individuals without using traditional communication methods. The moral of the story is Kanye West did not tell this woman to steal a car, telegraphically or with telepathy. Okay? Ricky wrecked her car, but told police her car broke down. Then she jumped into a woman's vehicle while the other woman walked into a store. She was pulled outta the vehicle and since the child was inside the car during the incident, she was charged with attempted kidnapping and attempted auto theft. This has nothing to do with Kanye Westall.


This has to do with poor choices and clear mental health issues. Okay? I believe there should be consequences for Ricky Smith's actions, but when we are considering the consequences, please consider that something is clearly not right with this young lady mentally, okay? We can't just be sending folks to prison. If these are correctional facilities, then let them do some actual correcting by getting this woman the proper mental health resources she needs. But in the meantime, we also have to give her the credit she deserves for making stupid choices. Please give Ricky Smith the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons, please, You the DONKEY of the day of all the day.


Now, I just spoke about providing proper mental health resources to folks, right? And If, you know anything about me, You know I'm a huge mental health advocate, okay? I encourage you to invest in your mental wealth and If. you don't have the resources to properly invest in your mental wealth. Let me help you. Okay? I am proud to announce that my fourth annual mental wealth expo will be happening October 12th at the Marriot Marquee here in Times Square, New York City. Hey. Okay, If, you have never been to one of my mental health expos. It is a free event. Everyone gets in free and it is a day of mental health education and healing. When you come, you will hear from experts on all things mental health. We have panels, we have live podcasts, we have breakout rooms.


One of the breakout rooms I'm excited about this year is Me Eternal, where we address the complexities of the black mental, the the black maternal health crisis. Okay? And lemme tell you some of the guests we have this year, of course, my partner Dr. Alfie, drop on a cruise bomb for Dr. Alfie. She's the Mental Wealth Alliance Chief Mental Wealth Officer, and a Coma Project founder. We have award-winning professor and black mental health scholar, Dr. Rita Walker, the author, one of my favorite books, the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health, If. you haven't read that. You need to by Dr. Rita Walker. We have Master Wellbeing Educator and Healer. My good sister, Debbie Brown. Okay? We have Lifestyle therapist, Arthur and speaker, my good brother Jay Barnett.


We have solution focused therapist Elliot. Connie, my good sister Angela Rye will be there. Shaka Sing Co will be there. And we have a woman you have seen all over social media. You seen her talking to Nick Canon? You've seen her talking to, oh, you got her Cam Newton. Cam Newton, yes. She's on basketball wives, right? Dr. Anne Bryant will be there. Okay. Dropping a clues bomb for her and the offer of the book Cry Like A Man. The Starve of the Lawrence Fishburne produced documentary, the Cave of Ilum Detroit's finest. Jason Wilson will be there and Jason will be in conversation. 'cause You know. Jason wrote a book called Cry Like a Man, which I love. And he'll be in conversation with a man who a couple of weeks ago came on Breakfast Club in bed his soul and told us black men cry.


So I can't wait to see these two individuals have a conversation about just the power of releasing in regards to tears. Tyrese will be there. Okay? So yes, we will see you October 12th Marriott, Marquis Times Square in New York City. But my fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo event is free, free, free and open to all ages. For more details, go to mental wealth expo.com And they can register there as well, right? Yes. Okay. Mental wealth expo.com. You're all smart. A little Bit. No, I'm not. Mental wealth expo.com. I Like how you put all that together. The relevancy, the tyres. Yeah. Who? Who is it? Your team. It's not you, it's your team. I Don't, I don't know what you're talking about. It's God. It's always God.


If it's not you, because yeah, maybe it's the team. 'cause maybe you not smart, but that that was, I like that. I'm smart enough to have the right people around me. So you're saying you dumb. I am great. I Everybody know I'm dumb. So happy to hear you being honest this morning. What is it? Get Honest or Die Lying. That's The name of the book. Yeah, go ahead Lauren. You just started getting honest. And I just started reading. 'cause I had to, We could tell you just started reading Delaware. It has nothing to do with you. Delaware. Don't play with me Delaware. Shoulda just go. No, listen Lauren, I threw that. See where this comprehension was because we know a little, just let it go. A off. I think I might pull up this year. October 12th. Yeah. Marriott, my some resources make, make sure you register Online.


If. you need pull up. Yeah, I need some resources because I deal with a lot on the daily at work. Listen, We got whatever you need. We got breakout rooms. Okay. And black women go through stuff at work as well. Whatever you want, but they cry too. Anxiety, depression. They get gaslit too. PTSD, women's Mental Wellness. We got it all for you. Yeah, I might be there to protest. You might be there with a sign. You got Anything? Let me stop. Alright.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on now. Back to the Funk.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people, But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end. It sent the message that we can prosecute these people. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife, working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's Nothing dangerous about what you're doing, they're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want from my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.