
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. buy@toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's Go Places.


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA championship On the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Your Execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to do To read Need. They gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve. The people need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne There only one charlamagne above where Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday, April 30th goes to John Halliburton. If you don't know who John Halliburton is, John is the father of Indiana Pacer Star Tyrese Haliburton. Now, last night, the Indiana Pacers eliminated the Milwaukee bucks in the NBA playoffs drop on a cruise bounce in the Indiana Paces.


Epic collapse by the Milwaukee Bucks. The paces were down by seven points with 40 seconds left in overtime, and then the bucks completely collapsed. And Tyrese Haliburton supplied the game winner. Let's listen to how it went down. Here we go. Halliburton, five seconds. Four seconds. Halliburton three to go Pacers by one. Here's Gary Trent Jr. To cry and the Pacers are moving on. What a comeback in Overtime. Now naturally after a win like that, emotions were high.


Okay? If you a Pacers fan, you was on Cloud nine. If you were a fan of Tyrese Haliburton oh, in that moment you thought he was the greatest thing since the late great Kobe Bryant. And there is no bigger fan of you when it comes to sports than your parents. Okay? Especially your father and Tyrese's dad. John Sitch Court sided the games well, he got a little too excited because he decided to taunt Giannis by coming on the floor and holding up a towel with his son's face on it and shouting variations of this is what we ing do. Let's go to inside the NBA for the report, please. Let's listen to them more. There Was some, there was some talking after the game. Oh, That's Halliburton. And then, and then it was his dad. Yeah. Then it looks like Halliburton and Giannis make nice.


And that's everybody else does too. We, We, we, we love Mr. Halliburton. But come see the show. Don't be the show. Come see the show. Yeah. And, And I think I saw Tyrese is already apologized for his dad's actions. For what? Because he went, he run on the court and talk to a player like No, you don't. No, you don't come see the show. Don't beat the show. He'll be, you can't run on the stage, on you cannot run on the court and harass everybody on the court. Everybody. He's not supposed to be on. He not on the court. He on the court. He's not supposed to be on the court. Stop. No, you stop it. He, he's not supposed to be on the We talked to him. It don't matter. He ain't supposed to be on the court. Janni talked to him. Forget all that. No, no. He was on the court. So what the reason you think he said something?


He probably know who his dad is. Come see the show though, and beat the show. I like that. Kenny. Listen, I could go either way on this. It can be harmless or it can be harm. But the NBA has to do a better job of protecting his stars. Okay? People think that just because these folks make hundreds of millions of dollars, that they should be okay with fans talking crazy to them. Sure. Heckling is one thing, but coming on the floor, no, do that from the stands. Okay? And furthermore, and the reason I'm giving John DONKEY today is because it's not about you. As Kenny Smith said, it's not about you. Okay? People need to learn that their actions do affect other people. So be careful what you say and do. 'cause it's not always just about you, John. I know that's your son. I know that you're excited, but you have to remember, you represent your son in that moment.


So don't do anything that embarrasses him or makes him look foolish. Also, where was the security? Why were Giannis and John allowed to get, I was about to say face to face, but it was more like, you know, face to waist. Okay, face. Why were they allowed to get face to waist on each other like that? Emini here, Giannis towels over John. But why did that exchange even happen? I know team staff was, you know, pulled Giannis away. But why were they allowed to get that close to each other to begin with it? Y if Giannis saw John taunting him, I'm sure others did too. So you had to know Giannis going over to him. Wasn't because they were about to exchange pleasantries. Okay, what if emotions and egos would've got the best of them and they ended up scrapping right then and there.


It's just stupid and it's all over things that could be prevented. Now, would you like to hear what Giannis had to say about it? Let's listen. Losing a game, emotions run, run high. Having a fan, which the moment I thought it was fun, but then I realized he was Tyrese's son, which I love Tys. I think he's a great competitor. He was his dad, sorry, coming in the floor and showing me his son a a towel with his face. This is what we do. This is what we effing do. This the, if we do, I feel like that's very, very disrespectful. I'm happy for him and I'm happy for his son, and I'm happy that he's happy for his son. That's how you're supposed to feel. But coming to me and disrespecting me and cursing at me, I think it's totally unacceptable.


Totally unacceptable. I'm not the guy that points fingers because in my neighborhood, snitches get stitches. So I don't wanna say something, you know, for him to say, to get finer or anything, but it's not respectful. I talk with him at the end and to be, I think we in a good place. I'll tell you one thing. The way Gianni said, coming on the floor with a towel sounded nasty. Didn't Mm, but, but Giannis felt disrespected. Okay, who are we to tell him otherwise? Tyrese Haliburton said his father was wrong. Let's listen. You know, as far as the incident between Giannis and my pops, I had no idea it happened until I got to the back and was showed the video. Me and my pops have talked about that, And I, I don't agree with, you know, what, what transpired there from him, you know, you know, I think basketball is basketball and let's keep it on the court.


And I think that he just, you know, got excited to us on make the game winner and came on the court. But I think we had a, we had a conversation and you know, I think he just needs to just allow me to just play basketball. Stay over there. I'll, I'll come to him to, to, to, to celebrate. But I'll talk with Younis eventually about it. Just, you know, I, I don't think that my pops was in the right at all there and All of this taken away from the fact that they came back from behind and he scored a game winning. Now he gotta sit up there and explain about his dad's actions. Okay? His dad apologized. He said, I sincerely apologized to Giannis the Milwaukee Bucks and the pace his organization for my actions following tonight's game. This was not a good reflection on our sport or my son And I will not make that mistake again. What is the lesson to be learned here?


It's simple for me. And we talked about this in another DONKEY earlier this week, and the lesson to be learned is our actions are guaranteed to affect others because we are not alone in this world. John made a moment that was about his son, about him. Your son hit the game winner salute. That has nothing to do with Giannis. Okay? They lost Giannis, not even a player who taunts people. Very humble man. So what was the point? But once again, our actions are guaranteed to affect others. John, you represent more than yourself. You represent your son, okay? You have to be that much more aware of how you present yourself because you are representing more than you. I know your last name is on the back of that Paces jersey, but that's not you, bruh. You not out there getting buckets.


Your son is, and his game speaks for itself, okay? It doesn't need you speaking for it. Parents should cheer from the stands, not confront players on the court. So for that lapse in judgment, please give John Halliburton the biggest hee-haw. Oh, It's really that simple. Yeah. Crazy. I wanna say I do. I am really, really proud of you for your segment. You've been giving people DONKEY forever and you read so eloquently every day. You shouldn't be impressed by people that know how to read. Good. First of all, it should be right. That's why I never mind, I hate your segment And I don't even care about it no more. I, it's crazy. Can't I even take compliments? Like, damn. Well, thank you. Your childhood.


No, no, no, no. Your childhood was that rough. You don't even know how to say, oh my God, thank you so much, sister. You're right. You're absolutely right. Damn. Thank you very much, my sister. I appreciate that. Thank you. But I ate that word eloquently though. I ate that word out. We shouldn't be applauding that. This, okay? No. Why are we applauding literacy? Yeah, people are supposed to be literate. Period. I clock the literacy Now when we come back, Dr. Lakeisha Hallman will be here. She has a new book called No One Is Self-Made, A Motivational Self-Help Guide with a Community Oriented approach. So when we come back, we'll talk, we'll talk to Dr. Lakeisha Holman. Okay? It's The Breakfast Club.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series, Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examine the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only, or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sam Mullins and I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted Has spent 24 of those years in jail. But when Roger Caron picked up a pen in paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart podcasts. Listen to Go Boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You feeling this too, is a horror and pathology podcast. It brings different creators to tell 10 vial, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Grotesque, oh my God. Horrific stories on what scares them the most. You feeling this too? Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.