
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mis and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic


Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features. Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is back May 16th on Paramount Plus this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa, they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount plus with Showtime plan.


KFC, Chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say, get that son of a bitch off the field right now Out. He's fired. He's fired. Please step up to the congregation. Yes, you are a dead Trump. When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. It is a jackass. Yeah, it's DONKEY today for Monday, May 12th. It is the 12th, right? Yes, it is the 12th. Yes.


Goes to the Trump administration as a staff administration, record label, and Mother Fing crew. Now, nobody floods the zone like the Trump administration, okay? Every day, every hour, every minute, every second is something. And I could give them DONKEY today three or four times a week if I wanted to, but today, America, we gotta talk. Okay? I don't know if you've seen the headline, but according to every news outlet, but I'm gonna quote a b, C news right now, the headline. And listen to this, the Trump administration poised to accept palace in the sky as a gift for Trump from Qatar. Yes. And what may be the most valuable gift ever extended to the US from a foreign government. The Trump administration is preparing to accept a super luxury Boeing 7 47 8 jumbo jet from the royal family of Qatar.


You can't make this up. Let's go to CBS news for the report, please. The Gulf Nation of Qatar says, the gift of a luxury jumbo jet to serve as a presidential aircraft for Donald Trump is quote, under consideration, whatever it is, gift or plan. It comes as the President prepares for a three nation trip to the Middle East. President Trump has already toured the 7 47 dash eight. It happened in February when the luxury jet was flown to Palm Beach, Florida. CBS News has learned it's poised to be a gift from Cutters Royal family. It is not ready for presidential use and would need to be retrofitted. The President who departs Monday to Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the UAE will use one of the seven 40 sevens that have served as Air Force One since the first President Bush.


The value of the gift from a foreign power is sparking legal and ethical concerns. Maryland Democrat, Jamie Raskin posting on X, the Constitution is perfectly clear, no present of any kind, whatever, from a foreign state without congressional permission. The White House Press Secretary says the administration will comply with the law. It's cutter cutter a $400 million gift. Okay, eject. Listen, C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, Fox all media outlets. Let's not do the dumb thing y'all do when you ask answers. I hate when I'm watching these networks. CNN does it the most by the way. They ask answers. For example, they will say, is Donald Trump accepting this plane from Qatar?


Illegal? Then they debate it and then we, the people are sitting back at home not processing the information the way that we should because we are looking at it through the lens of, is Trump taking the plane wrong? Is Trump taking the plane? Right? When there is only one answer, it is absolutely wrong. Okay? The US Constitution prohibits government officials from accepting gifts from any king, prince or foreign state. Full stop. Now, Trump posted on social media. So the fact that the Defense Department is getting a gift free of charge of a 7 47 aircraft to replace the 40-year-old Air Force one temporarily in a very public and transparent transaction, so bothers the crooked Democrats that they insist we pay top dollar for the plane.


It is not just Democrats that I saw complaining about this, okay? A lot of Trump's own supporters were complaining about this as well. And he said, it's very public and transparent. Just because you sell dope, commit a murder or rob somebody in broad daylight in front of a bunch of people, doesn't make it any less of a crime. Okay? If it's one thing we've learned from politicians over the past decade is that corruption can be very public and very transparent. Okay? Now, in the Constitution, it says, you are prohibited from accepting gifts from foreign states without the consent of Congress aiming to prevent undue foreign influence on US officials. So critics argue that accepting such a valuable gift, like this jet estimated at 400 million without congressional approval could be unconstitutional.


Now, listen, I'm not about to sit up here and act like I'm some constitutional scholar, but outside of this being unconstitutional, widely illegal, why would you take a gift from people who fund terrorist organizations that kill a lot of Americans and why? You know, I say take the gift. I'm simply saying, why would you trust these people? When I say take the gift, I'm simply saying, why would you trust these people? Beware the noble gesture. Okay? We know what that means, right? It's a warning that an act motivated by generosity may actually be a deceptive or manipulative. Manipulative move. Yes, appearances can be deceiving, and you should be cautious when evaluating someone's motives behind a gesture.


First of all, these people are not gifting a $400 million plane out of the goodness of their heart. Okay? Come on, Trump administration. Y'all at least have to know that this gift comes with a lot of strings attached to it. And what makes you think that these folks can't cut those strings at any given time? Once again, these people fund terrorists, organizations. How do we know they can't make this plane fall outta the sky anytime they want to? How do we know this plane isn't just a big ass bomb? I know the Secret Service will do a sweep of the plane, but how do we know it's not loaded with listening devices, tracking devices? They are potentially going to have so much intel on our country. And none of this would happen if this administration, the Trump administration, simply moved with ethics and did things in a constitutional way.


Please give the Trump administration the biggest sea hall, Just move with some ethics and in a constitutional way, and we wouldn't have none of these problems. Wouldn't even be a discussion. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Now, when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1, we're gonna open up the phone lines. Now, this conversation comes from an experience that Jess had over the weekend in Detroit. She's gonna break it down. Absolutely. And the question is, is do you find it harder to support black-owned businesses? Now, that is a question, and Jess will explain when we come back.


(800) 585-1051. Phone lines are wide openers to Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those Were some callers from my call-in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week on Dear Chelsea with me, Chelsea Handler. Connie Britton is here. I think you should encourage your friend to go ahead and not be holding out for any man to have her babies. She could be waiting another 10 years before she finds the right guy. Connie didn't meet her right guy until you were what, 50 Connie? 52. 52. 52. I kept thinking, oh, I'm gonna meet the guy. I'm gonna meet the guy. I'm gonna meet the guy. I finally was like, what am I waiting for? And I did it. And I'm just so glad that I did Listen to Dear Chelsea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever


you get your podcasts, You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.