
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her. Sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want for my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach, I'm a translator, and I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I want to help you wake up And. I want to help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino show every Wednesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Crimin. I'm Maria Tramar And. I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from Poisoners to stalkers, art thieve to snake oil salesman, And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Long as the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news, If I catch Allall as in traffic, I whipper my gen And I. Y'all gonna suck. It is just one of the many wacky news stories y out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Yes. DONKEY. Today for Wednesday, August 14th, goes to a 25-year-old Florida man whose name has not been released. And I'm gonna tell you something. When Florida doesn't release your name, then you have really done something stupid. I don't know why this man's name hasn't been released, but it makes the story that much more interesting. I promise you, when we get his name, you'll be the first to know. Now, what does your Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida?


Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception. It's actually a tragic story because a person was killed and two others injured for what seems to be no real reason at all. Let's go to CBS 10 Tampa Bay for to report please. In Tampa. Police confirm one man is now dead. Two others hurt after another man drove the cab of a semi-truck into the Emperors Gentleman's Club. This happened around four 20 this morning. The business on East Atmo Drive witnesses told us the driver had just been kicked outta the club minutes before. He stood outside the club, got into his semi-tractor, was in the parking lot for a few minutes.


When he saw the individual that he was in the confrontation with Exit the Club with another group of people, he intentionally accelerated that truck into that group of people. However, they say the people hit were not involved in the initial confrontation. Two of them are being treated for serious injuries Right now. The driver is in the hospital in critical condition. He ain't even hit his target. He was killed an innocent person and injured two innocent people 'cause he got kicked out of a strip club. If If, you get kicked out of an establishment, why take it as rejection? Why not look at it as God's protection? God wanted you removed from that situation for a purpose. In this instance, if this 25-year-old man would've just taken his stupid ass home after he got kicked outta the script clubs and he currently wouldn't be in the hospital in critical but stable condition, if we, if he would've just took his dumb ass home, he wouldn't be facing charges of first degree murder, attempted first degree murder, DUI, manslaughter the heck, homicide and DUI with serious injury.


If he would've just took his ignorant ass home, then one person wouldn't be dead and two others wouldn't be injured. But see, listen to what I said just now. Listen to all those charges I just read off. Two of them had DUI, okay, DUI, manslaughter and DUI with serious injury. That damn alcohol will impact your decision making skills every single time. Do You know liquor stops the part of the brain that makes judgment calls from functioning as it normally does. This means liquor doesn't just impact decision making. It distorts a person sense of judgment, period. And that's what you rely on to make smart decisions. This man was saucy outta his membrane and it's Florida, so no telling what else he was on. You drive a semi-tractor into a script club, you drive a semi-tractor into a crowd of six people because you upset you got kicked out.


Oh, I know fentanyl fuel activities when I see him and this situation got Rihanna's makeup all over it. Fent f Fent. Okay, look, man, rejection is a part of life. Just learn to deal with it and keep it moving. This is why so many of us need to be in therapy. Don't listen to pro, okay? You need more than a head doctor. You need an actual therapist to deal with the rejection sensitivity that you have internally. Okay? Rejection sensitivity isn't caused by one single factor. It's probably a bunch of factors. You got childhood experiences like having parents that were too critical on you, bullying you may have experienced as a child. There are all types of factors that lead to people having rejection, sensitivity, and getting kicked outta. This script club triggered something in that 25-year-old and that, along with the alcohol and the fentanyl, which I believe he was on, caused him to make a permanent decision based off a temporary emotion.


And now someone is dead because of it. There is no way in hell you leave a script club surrounded by naked women, clicks and tits everywhere. You get kicked out and your mind says, I know what I'm going to do. I'm gonna do something that's gonna cause me to go someplace where I will never be surrounded by naked women ever again. I'm gonna do something that's gonna have me surrounded by penises for the rest of my life. Lock 'em up. Okay? This man earned this. Some of y'all is out here treating stupid like it's an Olympic sport. And this young 25-year-old man took home the gold. Please give this 25-year-old man from Tampa, Florida who drove his semi-tractor through a strip club and killed an innocent person and injured two other innocent people. The biggest he are MMTs and clicks.


You came up with that? No, God did. Don't you have one? You? know what I meant? Question that silly You. know what I meant. That's such a silly question. You Know what I meant. Didn't Come up with that. God made those. God did. Yes. Jesus Christ You know what I meant though. No, I don't. No, I didn't. All right. Well, thank you for that DONKEY of the Day. DONKEY of the Day is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The, Breakfast Club.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her, sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life.


I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want for my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations were with some of the biggest musicians in The World Midnight Chances already welcomed Tame Impala, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, VIN Staples, and many more. Join me, Stuart Stubbs and me, Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about.


Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite


shows From iHeart podcasts comes. Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Avand is Dead. Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry, Lick 'em. Lick those Toes. His Listen to, does this Murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Welcome to Elia. I'm Maria Tramar. And I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from poisoners to stalkers, art thieve to snake oil salesman, And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.