
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t. Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhone. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply to att dot coms slash iPhone. For details,


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing chant. Check out bulls.com for more.


You're a DONKEY DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yeah, it's DONKEY today for Friday, November 1st goes to the Nugget Casino Resort in Reno, Nevada. In particular the security there. Here's one thing I would never understand about security. It's the same thing I don't understand about law enforcement. I know you have a job to do. And I respect it. But why? You gotta be so extra about your job and the words of the joker. Why so serious? Why? See, there was a woman named Heather Venus who was a regular at the Nugget Casino in Reno for the last three years. Heather and her medical dog Cherry would visit the casino at least four to five times a week. She has a medical dog who is trained to alert Heather if she is about to have a seizure.


Lemme tell you how Heather describes the Nugget Casino. She said they know who we are when we come in. They automatically bring me water for my dog. The dog gets free drinks at the Nugget Casino, but Atlanta News first said, what is typically a home away from home atmosphere was quickly changed a couple of weeks ago when the security guard approached her and told her she had to leave. Would you like to know why she had to go? Let's go to Atlanta News first for the report, please. Heather Venice says she's been a regular at the Nugget Casino in Reno for the last three years. Sometimes Vanis says she visits her friends four to five times a week at the casino. Accompanying Venice on her trips is her medical dog Cherry, who is trained to alert Venice if she's about to have a seizure.


What is typically a cheers like atmosphere for Venice? Quickly changed two weeks ago when a security guard approached her and told her to leave because Cherry was not present on that day. Venice says Cherry had just gotten fixed since her fiance was with her at the casino. She felt like she was safe to leave Cherry home if she had a medical episode. Venice considered the nugget, her safe place and ads that not being able to see her friends there has been heartbreaking. Now all she wants is an apology and for the nugget to educate their staff on how to handle others with medical dogs. The Nugget issued a statement that says in part service animals are always welcome at our property.


And our team is trained to ensure that all guests are treated with respect and in accordance with federal and state law. Poor Heather, she had no idea she was the plus one. You didn't get the hint when they were bringing your dog free drinks, but not you. They used to bring the dog water. Okay? All the time. We live in a world where security trust you with your dog over fi over your fiance. I understand humans are not You know reliable In 2024, I get it, but Nugget Casino, cut it out. This is what I mean when I say security takes their job too serious. You told this woman that if the dog stayed at home, she should have stayed at home with the dog. Let me ask you a question. Security. Once the Service Dog You know Cherry does his job and alerts Heather, she's about to have a Caesar.


You do know once the dog does that, then humans and God have to take over. The dog can't do anything for her after he alerts her. So her having her fiance there is actually better. Okay? Heather said she didn't take Cherry that day because she had just gotten cherry fixed and she felt like it was safe to leave her Service Dog at home since she was with her fiance in case she had a medical emergency. I agree. Okay. A service animal is essential to some folks, but just because someone has a Service Dog doesn't mean they need the animal every second of the day, especially if they have a perfectly good human with them. Remember us? Okay. Okay. I know You know in The World of service animals and ai, we can get lost, but human lives matter.


All right. Kicking this woman Heather out is like saying, we don't trust you to be here without your Service Dog. Nor do we trust that you can take care of yourself. Your dog knows better than you do. This really feels like y'all got y'all sensitivity training from an episode of the Office. Okay? You got people in that casino gambling away their life savings. You got people in that casino drinking themselves to death. But you tell a woman without her Service, Dog, she gotta go. That's where you draw the line. Even though she's there with her fiance. Y'all heard the the statement that the Nugget Casino released, right where they said they're fully committ committed, fully committed to complying with all a DA requirements, and they welcome all guests with disabilities who use service animals. Service animals are always welcome at our property, and our team is trained to ensure that all guests are treated with respect and in accordance with federal and state laws.


While we can't comment on specific incidents, we remain dedicated to offering an exclusive environment for all our guests. Heather, it just boils down to this. The Nugget Casino likes your dog more than you. Okay? Cherry is the invited guest, okay? And you are the plus one. In fact, they think you are Cherry's service human. That's the only explanation, okay? They don't care about you all your disability. They care about the dog. And the irony of this story, at least to me, is the older I get and the more I get to know people and hear stories like this, the more I realize why Noah only allowed animals on the arc. Please give the Nugget Casino Resort the biggest haw That's so backwards.


Cold world. Normally people have issues with the service animal, not the people. Cold world.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast,


club It, and Business Consulting's Best kept secret is no longer a secret. I like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I would've doing with my Life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You, know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is Possible, find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women


Welcome to The World of Bose Ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day, you can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Bose's ultra open earbuds, own the gift game and go to bose.com/iheart to shop the best deals.


Now this is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t. Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouth watering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhone. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone. For details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let Du harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@od.com. That's OD o.com.