
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Welcome to The, World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feed and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail


You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only one Charlamagne Toag Charlamagne, who you Dust here today too. Now Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Thursday, November 21st goes to a 43-year-old man named Robert Kawata. He's from Brookline, Massachusetts, and he is absolutely pro-choice. I think see, pro-choice is when you believe that everyone has the right to decide when and whether to have children. But what about when you want to make the decision for said person? What do you call that? What do you call it when a grown ass adult wants to make the decision for another grown ass adult on whether or not they should have a child somewhere? Right now, there is a man trying to convince a woman not to have a baby some somewhere.


Right now there's a woman telling the man I cannot keep your baby. And he's begging her not to abort the baby, but it's her body, her choice. You can have some input, you can suggest some things, but the reality is if she wants to keep the baby, she will. If she wants to get rid of the baby, she will. You can't get mad at a woman that does not want You know to have an abortion. Okay? You should have thought about that before you decided to go raw. All right. You knew you was riding that horse without a saddle and you made a conscious decision to shoot her club up. Felt good. Denied it of it, didn't it? Huh? Felt good, didn't it? Huh? Baggy jeans, wallaby clocks. Pretty women You put it in them, shot up in them, deadly in them. Now you wanted to have an abortion. Okay? I know a woman who got pregnant, the man convinced her not to have it when they was leaving the health center.


They got in the car and when he turned the car on the first song on the radio was Usher. There goes, my baby woman burst into tears. Now she's traumatized. She can't even listen to Usher. Didn't go to his residency in Vegas, didn't watch the Super Bowl performance. She don't even go to church anymore because it's usher's there. The moral of the story is abortions are traumatic. Okay? They are traumatic when you get them intentionally. So imagine what happens when you get one against your will when someone forces one on you. What do you mean Uncle Sharla When someone forces one on you. Well, let's go to Channel five, Boston for the report, please. Robert Kawata wearing a surgical mask when facing a judge on several charges, including attempted poisoning. The 43-year-old from Brookline is accused of tricking his pregnant ex-girlfriend into taking iron supplements that police say were actually misoprostol pills to end pregnancies.


It's alleged that the defendant would also check the victim's mouth by pulling on the victim's cheeks to ensure she had consumed the pills According to his directions, Prosecutors say Kawata also set up a supposed fake nurse who called the victim and advised her to take the pills. Kawata provided when the victim suffered a miscarriage in May, she called the nurse's number. At that point, she discovered it was an internet based phone number, which she now believed was a fake number. And the person who had called her from that number, she believed to be a fake nurse. Searches on Katas cell phone included Misa protal, dissolved Misa protal. When does fetus pass and telephone voice changer? Robert, this man is diabolical.


This is what Big Worm was talking about when he told Smokey he wasn't applying himself. There is nothing a human can't accomplish when they apply themselves. This is a devilish, wicked, evil, ungodly, unholy scheme that he came up with and it worked. You telling me that a man who can come up with a plan, this meticulous can't do anything, he puts his mind to, he acted like he cared for this woman. He acted like he cared for this unborn child and encouraged her to take iron pills. The woman's instinct kicked in right the that sixth sense that only a woman has, and she was reluctant to take the pills, but she trusted Robert because his father was A-B-G-Y-N. Now I'm gonna tell you something. You deserve at least a he. Okay? Just the he, not the whole he haw, but his father is an O-B-G-Y-N, not him.


Okay? So why would you trust him? They're not even in the same league. Hell, Bronny James is actually in the NBA and he not his daddy. So imagine Robert not even being in the medical field trying to convince you to take pills because of what his father does. And you believe him, first of all, and y'all for I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. I had no idea there was an abortion pill. Did you? No. I know about playing B, but I didn't know it was a whole pill that makes it convenient to off the baby. What can't you do on demand nowadays? No, they, They have the pill. A lot of women have to take it, especially if they go through pregnancy and they know it's something's wrong with the pregnancy. The doctor give 'em a pill. So it helps with the, I had no idea Abortion quicker. I had no idea. Wow. Listen man.


Adults should be able to sit down and have these conversations. Tell the woman you're not ready to be a father. Tell the woman you can't afford to take care of the baby. Just lay it all out on the table so then that woman can get prepared to do whatever it is she wants to do. It's her body. It's her choice. Shouldn't be a federal ban on abortion. Shouldn't be up to the state she lives in. Damn sure. Shouldn't be up to no man she was dating. It should be her choice. And I know you, anti-abortion. People are furious right now. You have to be disgusted at what Robert Kawata did. If you don't like people getting abortions willingly, then you must be appalled that he deceived this woman into having an abortion. And I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you, anti-abortion people something In this case, I agree with you.


I don't believe abortion is murder, but I believe unwillingly giving someone abortion pills to cause them to have an abortion, that's absolutely murder. Okay. Robert Kawana has already been charged with poisoning assaulting battery with a dangerous weapon on a pregnant person and assaulting battery on a household, a family member. Go and give him a baby slaughter charge. Okay, this is premeditated baby murder. I don't even know if those are real charges. I don't even know if that's a real thing, but it needs to be. Please give Robert Kawana the biggest. He haw First degree baby slaughter. Mm. That's crazy. Mm mm Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft.


Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Amazon Black Friday week is here with up to 40% off toys to stuff. Their stocking noise canceling tech Tech silent their night and fashion like slippers too. Missile their toes. Shop Amazon's Black Friday deals.


Now


the holidays are About spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. Casino dot com High Five. Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void will prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com high five Casino.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming 4 20 24 with series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.