
Did You know there's no Tom? At Tom's, our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's from Chic Boots and Everyday Sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr Goddess Slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meanings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


I'm Joe Gatto. I'm Steve Byrne. We are two cool moms. We certainly are, and guess where we could find us now? Oh, I don't know. The iHeartPodcasts Network. That's right. We're an official iHeartPodcasts And. I'm super excited about it. I am too. I thought two Cool moms was such a fun podcast, but now it's even more funer and cooler and heartier. That's right. It's more I heartier. I knew it. Check your heart rate. We're here at iHeart. Yeah, you could find us wherever you listen to your podcast or on the iHeartRadio app.


Hey, I'm Gianna Enti And. I'm Jama Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think of us As your work besties you can turn to for advice, And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry Poor. If you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation, then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Because the money is saying and talking about the things that gets people's blood pumping the most. The question of is Joe Biden doomed soon yielded to is democracy doomed as analysts and pundits started hyping up Project 2025, a blueprint for Fascist Takeover of the US published by The Heritage Foundation last year. Now, I am not a pollster, And I don't claim to base any of what I say next on some kind of mathematic expertise, but I don't think we're doomed. I don't think fascist takeover is inevitable even in the likely event that Biden loses And I think our position is a lot stronger than most people realize.


Listen to it could happen here on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again, A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to, we're talking mu los and all things trending in Michael Cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun, And impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with Gems Sponge, straight up Goria, and that's a song that only Este can sprinkle. Listen to, gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It's time For DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so Good at it. You trying To be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne Toag Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Oh, well, sexy red DONKEY of the day for Tuesday, October 29th goes to Ryan Ky Ryan is a conservative commentator who was on CNN News night with host Abby Phillips last night. Now, before we get into what Ryan said, I wanna give you some context. Remember back in September when a bunch of pagers and walkie talkies blew up in the hands of the Hezbollah fighters. If you don't know who Hezbollah is, they're defined as a militant political group and the exploding pages and walkie talkies were widely believed to be conducted by Israel.


Okay, so Ryan gr Dusky was on CNN last night. It was a panel that consisted of Ashley, Allison, Medi Hassan. I didn't see who else was on there, but they were discussing the racist jokes made by comedian Tony Hinchcliffe from the garden, and the debate started to get a little contentious between Ryan and Medi, and then this happened. He talked about enemy of the enemy within, which is literally Hitler. I mean, these are the, my problem is, I get it. Which nobody wants to be called Nazis. It's very inflammatory. But if you don't wanna be called Nazis, stop doing you enemy. No, you don't call Anite more than anyone's table and people will sit there and no, by me. I never called you an antisemite. I mean, I'm not sitting here saying I don't, I'm, I'm a support of the Palestinians. I'm used to it. Its fine. Well, I hope your beeper doesn't go off.


The thing is, is that all did just say I should die. You should not. No, I did you just say I should be killed? No, I, no, I did not say that. Hold on. Did you just, just I did live tv. I said I hope You're guys let, let just stop. You said you Of the Palestinian Guys, lemme Palestinian. Are you, am I a racist person deciding violence against Ryan? That's disgust. That is completely And. I apologize. Co job CNN. Let's have first block say the Muslim guy should blown up. I apologize on tv. I apologize. Don't Say, say, don't say, then I apologize. Jesus. Now, You know when I was on CNN last week, this is what I was expressing to Anderson Cooper, I have no problem as You know, having conversations with people I don't agree with.


I think conservatives should talk to liberals. Liberals should talk to conservatives. Independents should be talking with liberals and conservatives and vice versa. Okay? White should be talking to black, gay should be talking to straight. We are all humans on this planet trying to figure it out. Let's have conversations. I have no problem with it, but it has to be a good faith conversation. Okay? It has to be good faith discussions. I'll get back to that because that's my second issue with, with, with CNN and just the cable news networks in general. The first issue is what they choose to center and how they choose to center it. I was watching CNN yesterday, and I'm not gonna say the anchor's name, but they were talking about the MAGA rally at the garden and they were talking about it like it was just normal. You know, it's a weird thing they do on these networks. I'm telling you, we almost 10 years in of the Trump era and they still don't know how to cover that demon, okay?


Are the blatant white supremacy that comes from anyone associated with 'em, okay? It's strange. So in between talking about the MAGA rally, like it was virtually normal. The host was still asking one of the pundits on the panel if Vice President Kamala Harris should do Joe Rogan. It was very strange, but that's what a lot of these cable news networks do. And I see it a lot more on CNN. They have a problem making the main thing, the main thing, they always center the wrong conversation, and by doing that, they have assisted in the normal normalization of Donald Trump's fascism. The other thing that happens on CNN a lot is what happened last night. They will have a conservative who's not there to have a good faith discussion and whatever it is the panel is discussing, the conservative will just say something wild and derail the whole conversation.


So then everybody forgets what they were even discussing to begin with. Let me hear it again, right? Yeah. I never called you an okay. I mean, I'm not sitting here saying I don't, I'm, I'm a support of the Palestinians. I'm used to it. Yeah, I, well, I Hope, Your Beeper doesn't go off. I had no idea what the debate was about because I wasn't watching Abey last night. I was watching Tyler Perry Beauty in Black. Yes, that damn Tyler Perry and Unid it again. Drop on a clue above Tyler Perry. Okay? But I wasn't watching CNN last night, so I didn't know what the actual debate was about And I still didn't find out until this morning. Why? Because Ryan Ger Dusky is just the latest conservative they put on a panel to not have a good faith conversation, but to simply derail whatever it is they actually should be talking about. Okay? Here's the thing about cable news.


They are all about ratings and revenue, okay? There is still a few good hosts out there who actually care about using their platform to inform and forewarn the American people about the dangers of Donald Trump. But most people, because the network mandates it is choosing to normalize fascism, okay? And cash in on the MAGA audience. I blame Fox News. Okay? Blame Fox News, baby. They get the money, they get the numbers. Okay? So everybody else gotta follow the leader. MAGA makes money. So CNN has decided to sprinkle some MAGA on it, okay? They like Salt Bay. Whoever the leadership is at the top, they just sprinkle in that old MAGA bay seasoning all over CNN. Now, according to Mediaite, Ryan has been banned permanently from CNN and Abby Phillips had something to say, right?


I wanna apologize to Medi Hassan for what was said at this table. It was completely unacceptable. When we get this discussion started, you'll see that Ryan is not at the table. There is a line that was crossed there, and it's not acceptable to me. It's not acceptable to us at this network. We want discussion, we want people who disagree with each other to talk to each other, but when you cross the line of a complete lack of civility, that is not going to happen here on this show. It's a heated time. We're in the middle of a political season. We are eight days from a presidential election, but we can have conversations about what is happening in this country without resorting to the lowest of the lowest kind of discourse.


Well, Abby is doing what I told Anderson Cooper, I wanna see hosts on CNN do, and that's simply push back against the bs. Okay? Call, call, call it, call, call it out. You know the American people need it because we live in an era that doesn't know what's right and doesn't know what's wrong. That's why right now, nobody truly understands what is happening in this country because nobody is accurately describing the situation and we have normalized what isn't normal. Please let Chelsea handle handler give Ryan gr Dusky the biggest. He haw Hee haw hee-haw. That is way too much. Dan. Mayonnaise, And I. Keep telling y'all Michelle Obama said when they go low, we go high. I don't even think Michelle feel like that no more. When they go low, you gotta take it to the floor with them.


All right? Do you not know? Oh, You know what this, what am I doing? What am I doing? I, Chelsea handler just gave him the biggest, he haw, right? Right. Does Chris Rock have something to say? Oh, you wanna play that game? Shut up. Does Chris Rock have something to say? Crack ass cracker. Okay, who else? Chris Rock. Oh, that's my girl. That's my girl. So, oh, what about my girl at the what? What about my other people? Who else? Somebody else was re making old. I can't remember. I can't even remember 'cause I wanted to say it myself, but I forgot. I got people age of Your grandma start calling you your mom name and your brother name and just, all I'm simply saying is learn how to pronounce crack ass cracker. Y'all. You Want them people to get on that cable network and say all that?


Yes. You said the mayonnaise one. The mayonnaise one. You got that one already. Please give this giant jar of mayo big as You know we That ain't ain't that ain't that ain't, that ain't gonna hit You. know what I'm saying? When somebody tells you, when somebody tells you that they want to be to blow up on you, come armed With the crackers, You got to have the crackers bread, cracker ass cracker. That's all. That's all. That's it. Okay. That's it. That's all. Anybody, you on cable tv? All you can say, Hey, You know crackers is one of my favorite snacks, right? I eat crackers You. know that, right? No peanut butter, no cheese, raw, raw Crackers, no water. That's it. That's it. Oh my goodness. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY the day. I don't want no juice.


Just swallow Now. There's ways to get it off on cable to television when we come back. That's it.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic all forgot slip-ons. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


I'm Joe Gatto. I'm Steve Byrne. We are two cool moms. We certainly are. And guess where we could find us now? Oh, I don't know. The iHeartPodcasts Network. That's right. We're an official iHeartPodcasts and I'm super excited about it. I am too. I thought two cool moms was such a fun podcast, but now it's even more funer and cooler and heartier. That's right. It's more I heartier. I knew it. Check your heart rate. We're here at iHeart. Yeah, you could find us wherever you listen to your podcast or on the iHeartRadio app.


Hey, I'm Gianna Denti And. I'm Jamma Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think of Us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry Poor. If you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation, then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Because the money is in saying and talking about the things that gets people's blood pumping the most. The question of is Joe Biden doomed soon yielded to is democracy doomed As analysts and pundits started hyping up Project 2025, a blueprint for Fascist Takeover of the US published by The Heritage Foundation last year. Now, I am not a pollster, And I don't claim to base any of what I say next on some kind of mathematic expertise, but I don't think we're doomed. I don't think fascist takeover is inevitable. Even in the like of event that Biden loses And, I think our position is a lot stronger than most people realize. Listen to it could happen here on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracia. Come again, A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to, we're talking Los and all things trending in my cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and raw life stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with gems Sponge straight up, and that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to, gracias, come Again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.