
Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks, then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal


Every day. We are driven to get the facts, find the sources, listen to the voices, and tell the stories that illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino, I can play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus, I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo chumba. Live the TMBA life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tmbacasino.com. btw route, no purchase necessary for prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply


You. know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox TVA's, powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


Comic DONKEY I never heard on DONKEY other day. What is it? Common DONKEY. Say it against Charlemagne. I'm a DONKEY. DONKEY. You're a DONKEY DONKEY, and Charlamagne is saying it's truth. DONKEY, today for Monday, August 5th, goes to an Arizona police officer named Zachary Hyde. Now it's a teachable moment in this story, and the teachable moment is simply about irony. Life is too ironic. Okay? It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence, absence to value presence. Fergie singing the national anthem to appreciate Whitney Houston singing the National Anthem Drive vagina to appreciate that gush, gush.


I'm just trying to paint a picture for you to let you know that life is ironic and you'll immediately understand the irony in the story when you hear it. Let's go to AZ Family three TV for the report, please. Tempe Officer honored with the Hero Award at the annual Mothers Against Drunk Driving banquet a month ago was just arrested for DUI, state Troopers pulled over Officer Zachary Hyde early Wednesday morning. He was off duty. He's on admin leave now pending a full internal investigation. Damn. Officer Zachary Hyde, police officer, honored by mad only to get caught driving under the influence after being honored. Y'all know what mad is, right?


The mothers against drunks driving who fight tirelessly to prevent drunk driving and support victims of reckless behavior. We call driving drunk You Zachary, where Officer Jekyll, when you got honored, but you became Officer Hyde when you got that 80 proof potion in you. Okay? Zachary got honored by MAD for keeping our roads safe only to become part of the problem. You would think being honored by MAD would be a badge of honor, okay? You'd have some pride about that. A reminder to uphold the very values you were recognized for, right? Nope, nope, nope, nope. Officer Hyde decided to go from hero to hypocrite, and that's why I believe he might've been set up. Now, I don't mean he wasn't drunk. He was drunk, okay? He was drinking and he was driving, okay?


He chose to get inebriated. He chose to drive, but I do believe Zachary was set up, okay? He got this award and one of the other officers, or somebody in his life that knows him was hating, okay? They was like, hell no. Zachary drinks more make us mark than me. All right? He was just drunk driving last night and he's getting rewarded by mad this afternoon. Might have to drop a dime on that ninja. Okay? That's what I think happened. Alright? Somebody couldn't stand the hypocrisy, so they lined him up and rightfully so because nobody should be drinking and driving. All right, Zachary, you are a police officer. The person the public looks to, to protect and serve the person the public looks to for law enforcement and safety. You gotta recognize by mad the Mothers Against Drunk Driving.


Zachary, that should be a moment of reflection for you. Alright? A moment to double down on the message you're supposed to stand for, okay? You're supposed to double down on the message that you got honored for, but instead you decided to make the cotton mistake that lands you in the very headlines you're supposed to prevent. Okay? Damn, Zachary You know you had a rough day when you're honored by Mad in the morning and end up needing their services by the evening. Okay? What if he was celebrating being honored by Mad and that's why he got drunk in the first place? What if he thought the award came with a few free drink tickets? I'm just trying to make sense of something that doesn't make sense. And the reason it doesn't make sense is because it's just simply the irony of life.


Zachary, this is the kind of behavior that not only tarnishes your own reputation, but also discredits the efforts of organizations like Mad. And this is just another reason why we the public don't trust law enforcement. Okay? You had one job, Zachary. Actually, two. Alright. First, uphold the law. That's it. Nothing more 'cause you're a police officer. Second, set a positive example, especially after being honored by mad the Mothers Against Drunk Driving for apparently setting a good example. And guess what? You managed to fail at both jobs. All right? They say life is all about balance. Well, Zachary was trying to balance a mad award in one hand and the drink in the other. All right? Imagine being the poster child for mad one minute and then turning right around and being their next case study.


I hope this serves as some type of wake up call 'cause it's certainly a teachable moment, but not just for you, officer Hyde, but for anyone who thinks they're above the law are immune to the consequences of their actions because nobody is above accountability. Please give Officer Zachary Hyde to Bigot Sea Hall. Tell me about it. Jesus. All right, well, thank you for that DONKEY today, sir. Yes Indeed.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, You get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Okay, round two. Name something that's not boring. Laundry. Ooh, a book club. Computer Solitaire, huh? Ah, sorry. We were looking for Chumba Casino Chumba. That's right. Chumba casino.com has over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chumba casino.com no is necessary by plus terms and conditions. Apply website for details.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 To apply.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Cam With Galaxy ai, you can get it on them When you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition, it's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offered 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car, like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-Wheel Drive. You can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.