
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always take care Cargo@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Most Deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited time offer, 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


This is Dr. Joy Hard and Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. Reading books gives you feelings. I mean, that's what they do. And with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. Like there's an awestruck whoa feeling you get when you read about a dragon flying across the sky. But that's different from the surprise. Whoa. You get when you read that the best friend did it. And that's totally different than the hubba hubba. Whoa. When the stable boy becomes a stable man and Amazon's got all the woes Amazon books, that reading feeling awaits,


It's time for don't give the JI ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these Things called DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the DONKEY today? Today? Well, Jess, hilarious. It's DONKEY today for Wednesday, July 31st goes to a 45-year-old man from New York City named Lawrence Costa. I'm gonna be honest with y'all. I come in here some days And I, look at possible stories for DONKEY of today. And some of the stories be so stupid that I don't even wanna do 'em. Right? Some of them be so dumb that I be actually embarrassed as a human and today is one of those stories, okay? It's also a reminder that destiny is not a matter of chance.


It's a matter of choice and you can't blame anyone but yourself for poor choices. Okay? And Lawrence Costa absolutely made a poor choice. See, the NYPD released a video of officers arresting a man who fell asleep at a subway station in Brooklyn. He just fell asleep on the, on the, on the steps at a train station in Brooklyn. Right? So I, I don't know if he was high drunk or just tired, but he was just laying on the steps, knocked out at the train station. Now he wasn't just knocked out, he was laying on the steps fast asleep and You know he had his pants sagging a little bit and so something was sticking outta his pants. Okay? What you look don't what you looking at me like that for? I'm listening to your story though. You got a little smirk on your face, G.


Okay? Finish your story. That didn't even make you smile. Finish his story. This man was just laying there, passed out on the steps. You know pants hanging off him a little bit and something was just sticking out his pants. 6:40 AM in the morning, kids walking by, older people out and about and he's just laying on the steps, passed out with something, sticking out his pants. So police officers approached him on the stairs and asked him if he's all right, you good? Okay. Then he started to wake up You. know what I'm saying? Then one officer quickly grabbed, quickly grabbed, okay, this hard black thing that was sticking out his pants and the NYPD news tweeted out true story. It doesn't get much easier than this, okay?


Alright. I'm not making none of this up, okay? The NYPD tweeted out, it doesn't get much easier than this. All right, man. Passed out on the step 6:40 AM hard black thing, sticking out his pants and If. you think that thing was anything but a gun? Then you have been spending too much time on PornHub. Okay? This man, Lawrence Costa, who the police say they are familiar with, fell asleep on a staircase at a train station with an illegally possessed and loaded firearm just exposed in his waistband. It's the thing Lawrence had a hoodie on. I keep telling y'all, I don't understand this. Wearing hoodies in sweatshirts in the summer, okay? And If, you wearing the poy mask in the summer, you deserve to be stopped and frisked.


Okay? That's not no type of profiling, If. you wearing a ski mask and a hoodie when it's a hundred and hell outside, you just look suspicious. And this dude Lawrence is wearing a hoodie sleep on the train station steps with a gun just sticking out his waistband jackpot. Okay, Lawrence, God wanted you to go to prison. Yes, he was saving you from yourself. You was on the way to doing something extremely stupid that was gonna cause you to really hurt someone and land you in prison forever. Now, you probably gonna get some decent prison time because you got charged with criminal possession in the second degree. Criminal possession in the third degree, criminal possession in the fourth degree, and local law violence. I don't even know what local law violence is, but you going to prison for it, okay? And this Lawrence is an opportunity for you to get your life in order.


Get your soul right. Okay? Prison ain't for everybody, but it's for you, okay? I mean, you was clearly trying to be there. You got caught with your pants down literally. And in the waistband of those pants was a Glock. Okay? You got a Glock next to your, now you unlock, you got a Glock next to your, it was cocked. Now you unlock Eminem bars. Okay? Nothing left to see here. Folks, please give Lawrence Costa the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the day And If.


you think I'm lying about the tweet? Just go look at it at NY news. It doesn't get much easier than this. While conducting a station inspection, your NYPD transit officers observed a male sleeping on the staircase with a firearm and clear view officers wasted no time recovering the gun and let him continue his nap in the holding cells. You imagine being on your way to go drop a body and you just take a nap. Gotta take a little nap. If, you go mark somebody real quick. Little tires Sleepy. As soon as I wake up, I'm gonna go kill this. Alright? Lemme get this nap first though. You, know what I'm saying? It's right. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that Ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club


At public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, not investment advice.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR E.org/careers.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single CHASON featuring Megan Trainor out today saying, because I'm done, you, I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to chase him for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pres Save my album sponsored by 1111 Media


Ever. Wolf down a big Mac and thought I could use some extra cash meet. Drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Earn free gift cards for getting your daily coffee or late night drive through effortlessly. Just link a card shop and watch Reward Stack with drop. It's like getting paid to indulge. Download, drop now and start earning. Use the code. Drop two two for $5 in points instantly.


Is your body trying to tell you something? Tiredness, lack of focus, trouble sleeping, bloating. These things can affect your quality of life. That's where Symbiotic can help. The supplement brand is made with quality, ingredients, free of seed oils and shady additives, and they taste delicious. The time to feel better starts now@symbiotica.com. Use the code iHeart to get 20% off and free shipping on your subscription order. That's C-Y-M-B-I-L-T-I-K a.com. That's symbiotica.com.