
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity, varies by configuration. See Nissan to one guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring flex scam. With Galaxy ai, You can get in on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting. Changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S node and Z series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win On August 22nd, I gt she needs someone who was going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose The hit series. Reasonable Doud returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Ysi. Corona Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with and Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jax reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar, 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


Who's getting that DONKEY, that DONKEY that Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of today. Right here at The. Breakfast Club bitches You can Call me the DONKEY of the day, but like I mean no harm You know DONKEY of the day for Tuesday, August 20th goes to a woman from Minnesota named Veronica Gas. Now if You know anything about your Uncle Charlotte and You know I got a few screws loose. You also know that. Yes, shut up. You also know that I'm a big proponent of doing everything I have to do in order to get those screws tightened. Okay? I'm a huge mental health advocate. Yes. I encourage people, especially black men to go to therapy are just to get on some type of healing journey. Okay? One form of therapy that is great for those of us in relationships is couples therapy dropping a clues, bombs for couples therapy.


Okay? What is couples therapy exactly? It's simple. Couples therapy is a form of psychotherapy that can help you and your partner improve your relationship. All right, If, you are having relationship difficulties. You can seek couples therapy to help rebuild your relationship. Psychologists say couples therapy, You can address a wide range of relationship issues, including recurring conflicts, feelings of disconnection and affair issues related to sex are just difficulties due to stress. Okay? If, you and your partner are going through a rough patch. Couples therapy can help you work on your relationship. Your therapist can help you express your feelings, discuss issues with your partner, and resolve conflicts. All right? Couples therapy is good. All right? It can help increase understanding, respect, affection, and intimacy between you and your partner, which can help you be happier together.


I'm just saying this for those who don't know because a lot of times we hear a phrase, couples therapy, but don't know what it is. Okay? It's more than just you and your significant other getting up and going to see the lady, okay? They also got the same types of couples therapy that You can get in one-on-one sessions like CBT, right? Cognitive behavioral therapy, emotionally focused therapy. So I'm all for it, okay? I believe that it can be a major key to a healthy relationship. Hell, as I talk, I'm like, shoot, why not go do a couple sessions with the wife my damn self? Not because anything is wrong, but because we want everything to keep going. Right? Okay. It's like don't wait until the doctor tells you that you're sick to change your diet. Don't wait until you look down and can no longer see your penis to start working out. Let's do preventive maintenance now.


Okay? You know because You know you might get to a point where it's a little too late, right? This happens in real life. You stop drinking when your liver is already done. Some people are obese and You know they have the massive heart, heart attack and die too late to start eating, eating right and exercising then. And that's what I feel happened in the case of Veronica Gas. Okay? See, Veronica and her boyfriend, they were off to see the wizard. By wizard, I mean therapists, okay? They were on the way to couple's therapy and they had an argument that morning. And I'm gonna tell you right now, I'm about to gaslight you. So this is another example of why women are the problem. See, this man wanted to go see the lady with his woman, Veronica. He was trying to make it work.


She's arguing with him in the morning. They on the way to go see the wizard. They are on the way to couples therapy. I'm not making this up. They're on no way to see the wizard. Veronica stops in the middle of the lane and forced her boyfriend to exit the car. 'cause she decided right then and there, she didn't even wanna go see the lady. She just wanted to break up with him. So he did. As asked, he got out the car. And when he got out the car and passed the front of the car to walk to the sidewalk, the pair made eye contact. So guess what she decided to do? Hit him. Hit the damn gas girl, hit the gas and then hit him. We do. Okay. They was just arguing and she decided she wanted to break up.


So she asked him to get out the car. So he got out the car. The Argument stemm from somewhere though. We only just and See victim blaming. That's right. You see what I'm saying? Toxic. Wrong with toxic. Toxic. I'm an investigative journalist trying to get to the bottom of it. All I hear is victim blaming. Okay? The man rolled over the hood of the car and shattered the window. Damn. And then hold on, it gets worse. He better Pay for it. Veronica lies the police and tells police she didn't see her boyfriend, but then eventually admitted to police that she hit him on purpose. Mind you, they only been together for a year. Mm mm They were shacking up. That's right. Now you got your mouth open. No. Now you on the man side. I can't believe that you said only a year. That's 12 months of her life. How old is she?


30. He tried to take the best years of her thirties. They were shacking up living together for a year, and they already in therapy and she already tried to kill him. Now she's facing second degree assault, criminal vehicular operation, bodily harm, gross negligence and domestic assault. All that for a year relationship. I mean, damn, is that even enough time to really ruin a woman's pH balance? Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I've been around long enough to know that Ayala couldn't fix this life. Okay? This man was in a relationship with a toxic cru crusader. Okay? If y'all in therapy, she tried to kill you already and it's only been a year, then you shouldn't be going to therapy. You should be packing your stuff up and going home. Or if she's living with you, send her home.


Either way, y'all shouldn't be living with each other because If, you are in a relationship and all you do is cry. You need to stop and ask yourself, are you dating a human or an onion? Okay, now I'm gonna close with this. Couples therapy won't work. If, you haven't addressed your individual issues. Sometimes individual issues can overshadow relationship problems, okay? Unresolved trauma, personal mental health issues, addiction, You know daddy issues, mommy issues. They can and will have a huge impact on a partnership. And couples therapy will be less effective if these underlying issues are not addressed. The reason couples therapy wouldn't have worked for Veronica and her man is simple.


It's because Veronica actually needed an exorcism. Please give Veronica gas the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Of the day. You're the dog the day. Poor brother. Poor pull. Poor man. I feel Bad for him. Oh, Now you feel bad for him after you just said, what did he do after he got hit by a Car? I was waiting for you to cape. No, I feel bad for him 'cause he got paid for that windshield. Wow. See, Because why are they arguing? See, what was the arguing about?


Does It matter? He got hit, she ran him over with a Car. Clearly something she did. How do You know that though? How can you just imply that You know? If there's a guy listening right now and they were thinking about kicking it to you, they have to think, damn, I wonder if Lauren would hit me with a car. And. I want, don't nobody wanna be in a relationship with that onion. I want everything about me to give. She would don't play with her. Damn. Because why? To get that mad hit somebody with a car. What were they arguing about? He had to have a baby on the way. All Right. You wanna play a game? Yes. Let's play a game of guess what? Racing. Let's go. All right. A woman from Minnesota, from from a town called Otter Tail. Otter Tail, okay. She was arrested after she struck her boyfriend with her car while the pair was on their way to couples therapy.


DJ Envy. Guess what? Ratios. It's a tough one. The reason I'm, I'm thinking it is tough because Lauren said this is what she would do. I Didn't say that. I just feel for my sis, but She's from Delaware. She's from Delaware. Always keep that in mind. When Delaware Address. Whoa. I'll go white. Whoa. White, white, white, white. Okay. Lauren LaRosa. A woman was arrested Veronica after she struck her boyfriend with her car while the pair was on their way to couple's therapy. Lauren LaRosa. Guess what race she is At first I was thinking maybe she's Puerto Rican. Why Puerto Rican? I don't know. It just seemed a bit like she reacted really fastly, extensively and like You.


know what what I mean. So You said Latinos Glad to know you should this way about Puerto Ricans From the, in the Bronx. She From Puerto Rican in the Bronx. She's in Ottertail, Minnesota you said? Yes. Ottertail, Minnesota. I stayed there as a flight attendant. I don't know, I, I feel like, not Ottertail, but in Minnesota. I feel like she could be a, a sister. Just maybe a little light skinned. Light skinned, wild, light skinned. She Caught say, what's on your mind, Lauren, don't stutter. Go. Oh, I like this. She caught her Feelings real fast. Oh, Brown skin. You saying feeling just light Skinned. I like this. Let's go, Lord. You said light skinned in their feelings. Because he toxic. Because he toxic. He want them trolling me in the comments. Let's go, Lord, me and you against the light skinned world. Let's Go. It's just black. You don't feel like there's an emotional difference between the two of y'all?


No. He just gets, I just get called out on mine. Oh, okay. All right. Well, I'm just You know. That's how I feel. I don't Know. So you think it's a light-skinned black. Wow. A light-skinned black Sound like a black Can't Be black. We need a drink. A drop. This. I feel like you just threw something at me. Damn. Just can't be black. A light-skinned black. Yeah, a light-skinned light. We, we need a, we need a drink. I, I feel like I Just lynched. Like what? Listen, one of you is correct. One of you is wrong. DJ NB, you are absolutely positively correct. I knew it. Damn Veronica. Caucasian. Light skinned. She a light skinned cousin. We never had that. She's Not light skinned. She's white. Go, Lauren. Wait. War. She's white skinned people. This morning. Go, oh, stop.


What? Light. Light-skinned man hurt you? I don't even deal with light skinned men. For real. I had like 0.5 of them. Y'all be doing too Much. What light-skinned man hurt you? I had like a point, a 0.5 of a light skinned man. It was too much. My light-skinned guy's gotta act dark skinned Lauren If. you don't want to hear him say no more. You stand on that. Dammit. I'm with you. Shout to my light-skinned brothers out there. I don't know what she talking About. Yo envy. Yo Charlemagne at the car show. I walked up on Envy to say bye. He had, it was like a crusade. It was like 30 Dominican. Damn. Like, I'm like, yo, don't mind. Why had merch in here? Like was there's A pack of Pale pigment. No, it was crazy. They were all taking one picture. There was not.


There's a pack of pale pigment. There was no tan. They Were black. There was a brigade of beige. I didn't say you it with light skinned dark. It was just black. Yo light, light Skinned. There was yellow tan clans. We had To break that. We gotta to go to therapy about because men and you go therapy together about why? What's a nice skin? There was no DEI in that photo. Y'all needed some DEI like y'all needed a brown-skinned friend. Black is black. Shoot. Black is black. Shoot. Black. Black. No, don't, don't, don't chew. Don't chew. Because when they in my comments you Yeah. This whole show. Show, they already think my underarms it be braided like bow wow hair. So don't, this whole Show is problematic. He said light skinned men look like pit bulls. And you saying you just don't like light skinned. I Sure Did. I didn't say I didn't like 'em. I And wintertime coming.


Y'all about to look like sugar cookies. I enjoy your warm sugar cookie. Don't take that. What? At Wendy's. That's the best thing with the Frosty. All my light-skinned people. Don't do that. Just jump in, please. No, no, no. Wait, wait. When we come back, 805. 8 5 1 0 5. We wanna know why skinned people look like sugar cookies. No. No.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. I am a good lawyer. And. I wanna win


On August 22nd, I gt she needs someone who is going to fight for Her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose The hit series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not Gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


With Lucky Land sluts, You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. GW Grove Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply Mo Visit M mo. Do us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing Live blackjack, roulette and Casino Holden. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins at exciting promotions. Register today@mmo.us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly, conditions apply. See website details.


Hello Joe. Us Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content. Like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.