
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Weather taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Your execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go. Is it a read? Read? He gave me DONKEY of the Day. And I deserve. The People need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell them tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, But you're so good at it. You Trying To be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who You giving Dunky Day to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY of the today for Thursday, December 5th goes to 30 5-year-old Terrell Bailey. Terrell Bailey currently is right where he needs to be for the rest of his life in jail. Okay, he was denied Bond Wednesday because he is accused of shooting and killing a beloved Prince George County activist named Cornelius McDonald.


Rest in peace to that brother sending him and his family and loved ones healing energy. What does Uncle Charlotte tell y'all? Quite often, every single day of our lives, we are all just trying to avoid crazy You know I study stoicism. My affirmation from my daily story today was the benefits of sobering thought. So sobering thought is a thought that often reminds you of the realities of life. And when you hear stories like this one I'm about to share with you, or even the story of the CEO of UnitedHealthcare You know Getting gunned down in the middle of Manhattan yesterday, it absolutely provides some sobering thoughts. It reminds you of the realities of life and the reality of life is even when you are trying to avoid crazy, it can find you.


One of the lines from my daily stoic book today said, political winds could change in an instant depriving you of the most basic freedoms you take for granted are no matter who you are, how safely, yeah, no matter who you are or how safely you've lived your life, there's someone out there who would rob and kill you for a couple of dollars. Those are very sobering thoughts, right? Our life plans can be ruined by a million things and as the Daily Story said, today might be a bit more pleasant if we ignore those possibilities. But that doesn't mean those possibilities are ignoring us. And sadly, Cornelius McDonald had an encounter with crazy in the former of Terrell Bailey and it cost him his life.


Let's go to Fox five DC for the report please. A judge denying bond for a 30 5-year-old Terrell Bailey. We did learn also at today's hearing, today's bond hearing that Bailey is apparently a special police officer in DC were told he was legally carrying this firearm when he reportedly fired those fatal shots outside Jasper Re restaurant. In Largo. Court documents indicate Terrell Bailey and the victim. 33-year-old Cornelius McDonald, known as Neil, had an argument inside the restaurant that spilled outside the restaurant before the fatal shooting. In the last 24 hours, prosecutors and McDonald's family telling us they are aware of video circulating on social media purporting to show Terrell Bailey bragging about the shooting.


McDonald's family called the incident and the reported video online. Disgusting, but thanking the community for all their support. Terrell Bailey meanwhile is charged with first and second degree murder among other charges. Oh man, sending healing energy to the family of Cornelius McDonald. Again, sending healing energy to Maria Butler. Man, this is her second son. She's lost to gun Violence Brothers. We have to learn better conflict resolution skills. This is the main reason that I do mental health advocacy. Ironically, this is what the brother Cornelius McDonald was on as well. He ran a youth mental health organization called Stay Solid. They were dedicated to enhancing the community's understanding of youth and young adults everyday mental health traumas.


I tell y'all all the time, if you don't deal with your trauma, your trauma will ultimately deal with you. Sometimes before it gets to you, you end up projecting that hurt and that pain you haven't dealt with onto others. So that's why the work Cornelius McDonald was doing was incredible because you gotta get them young. Alright folks like Terrell Bailey needed an organization like Stacey Solid when they were younger because young men with trauma grow up to be emotionally immature humans with an inability to deal with conflict. Did Terrell Bailey not just prove that an argument inside of a restaurant leads to a fatal shooting outside of it? Now, according to Bailey's attorney, he argued the fatal shooting wasn't self-defense and Bailey is a special police officer in DC and was legally carrying a firearm.


Okay, well I have a question, Mr. Attorney. If he was acting in self-defense, then why did he record this video showing himself trying to get away and kind of bragging about ending up on this Twitter page called to Kill mo Network. Can can we play that clip red? Hey now I love y'all, bro. Oh, hey, that nigga played with me, bro. I swear to God he gonna be gonna kill Mo. I'm trying to get away Now you gotta be patient with me. I'm from the 19 hundreds. My good niece McKayla dropped on a clue bomb from McKayla. She went to Howard University. She knows about the DMV area. She knew how positive Cornelius McDonald was. So we was discussing this last night. And I had to ask her, what the hell is the kill mo?


What is the kill? What you mean you're gonna be on Kill Mo and Kill Mo is a network. It's a popular social media page for DMV Street activity. Basically they do law enforcement's job for them. Okay, so we thank you for your service. And I. Think it is sad that this hang go Terrell Bailey, after killing Cornelius McDonald, number one did a video after fleeing the scene, went on Instagram live basically bragging about what he just did and saying he going to be on Kill mo. What? Ain't no self-defense. You damn sure can't plead insanity because you had to withal to get on Instagram live. Tell everybody how this man was playing with you, whatever the hell that means, and then saying you going to end up on Kill Mo, which is a popular Twitter page for DMV Street activity and said you're trying to get away.


Sounds to me like this man knew exactly what he was doing and the judge knew what they were doing by agreeing with the state that Bailey should remain behind bars. State attorney Aisha brave Boy said It is sad that Mr. McDonald was taken from the community. He actively served so tragically, and I've said it before, I will say it again. We are constantly hurting the very people that God sent to help us. We are slaying nos who was sent here to be of service. Psycho breaking, cycle breaking means stopping harmful behaviors. And I know a lot of us are doing the work to stop those harmful behaviors, but I just wish it was more of us.


Please give Terrell Bailey the biggest. He haw. All right, That's sad, sad, sad story, man. Very sad. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, indeed. Sending healing energy once again to the family of Cornelius McDonald man, his poor mother, Maria Butler. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horn. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about.


It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we are the Black Fat Film Podcast, A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Woo. Chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and Moore.


Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app. I have a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know. That's right. From Tips for Healthy Living to the latest medical breakthroughs Web MD's Health discovered podcast keeps you up to date on today's most important health issues. Through in-depth conversations with experts from across the healthcare community, WebMD reveals how today's health news will impact your life tomorrow. It's not that people don't know that exercise is healthy, it's just that people don't know why it's healthy and we're struggling to try to help people help themselves in each other. Listen to WebMD Health discovered on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, my un deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host, and do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the lights stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the eerie unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.