
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Cam. With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition, it's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops, so grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting. Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S, no and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there,


It's time for DONKEY of The Day. America Is a big reality TV Show On The, Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the Black president or the white president have a problem Figuring out we're you're Premier Trump and you ain't black? It's Enough. America has a problem. Yes. Turn. Turn the mics on after the intro. Alright, DONKEY, today for Monday, August 26th goes to Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance. Now, I'm about to say something that is so obvious and so basic, and what I'm about to tell you is that women make up a significant portion of the American electorate. Did y'all know that? Oh my God. 53 to 55% of the voting population in America, the America, the election, the the voters are women.


Okay? 53 to 55% of the voting population in American elections are women, so you have to be a pretty terrible politician to do things to upset that base. All of you folks who are championed abolishing Roe v. Wade, I'm talking to you, and that's why JD Vance is probably the worst VP pick of all time. If I was Donald Trump, I would've chosen a woman. You know, maybe Nikki Haley. I just feel with the attack that the GOP has waged on women's reproductive rights. You need a woman on your ticket out there explaining that issue because Trump and everybody around him with a penis are horrible at it, okay? Especially JD Vance. Now, back in 2021, JD Vance referred to Vice President Kamala Harris as a childless cat lady who doesn't have a direct stake in the future of this country.


Let's listen. We are effectively run in this country via the Democrats via via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made, and so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. If. you look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, A OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. Pete has two kids though weird jd, and the JD stands for just dumb, or maybe it stands for Jackass. DONKEY. Now, If, you had a running mate for someone running You know, for running with a person who takes credit for getting rid of Roe v. Wade If, you are that human. I would think you would want to clear that up because you don't want to have a ticket of men who just seem like they hate women, but nope, that's not who Jackass DONKEY Vance is.


Okay? He was on Meet the Press yesterday and told Kristen Walker that he doesn't have any regrets. Let's listen. Yes, I made a sarcastic comment years ago that I think that a lot of Democrats have willfully misinterpreted, but what I've simply said is that I, I think that it's really a profound change that's happened in our country where we become anti-family. And, I would like to change that. Do you regret making that comment, Senator? Look, Kristen, I'm gonna say things from time to time that people would disagree with. I'm a real person. I'm gonna make jokes. I'm gonna say things sarcastically. That's true. There are certainly gonna be things that I say if I'm elected vice president, people are gonna say, well, I wish he had said that differently. I believe. I think it's most important to actually be the person I actually am, and to say those sarcastic comments were made in the service of a real substantive point Given that people have told you directly have spoken out, have said that they were offended, they were hurt by those comments.


Do you wish you never made those childless cat lady comments? I think that it's much more important for me to just be a normal human being who sometimes says things to no regrets that people disagree with. I have a lot of regrets, Kristen, but making a joke three years ago is not at the top 10 list. That explanation would work if it was me. Okay, but not If. you are running with someone who's running for President of the United States of America. I just don't understand why you would choose to purposely insult 22 million people. Yes, according to census data, nearly 22 million US women between the ages of 20 and 39 don't have children. That's a lot of people to potentially piss off when you running for president of the United States of America.


Now, it's not a given. You know those women will vote for Madam Vice president. We saw that with Hillary in 2016, but If you out here campaigning, explaining yourself to people applies as to why you shouldn't be president of the United States of America. The one thing you should be attempting to do is avoid purposely offending people, purposely pissing people off. Just dumb vans. You said that women with no children should have less political influence because they aren't invested in the future in the same way as parents. Jackass, DONKEY, Vance feels like If. you don't have kids. You're somehow less capable of understanding or caring about the direction of this country. I feel like you challenged 22 million women to a dual with those comments.


Okay? I believe those women are gonna go out in November and show you how much political influence they actually have. Not to mention jd, your opponent is a woman, being that she's a woman, there is not an interview you going to be in that. You will not be asked about this eventually, you gonna have to walk it back just for political purposes, okay? I saw Trump tweet out that his administration will be great for women in their reproductive rights. This is when you don't listen to what a person says they going to do. You look and see what they have done, okay? He put three judges on the Supreme Court that voted to abolish Roe v. Wade, and Trump takes the credit for abolishing Roe v. Wade and Denny Abson running mate to his ticket like JD Vance, who thinks women with no kids have less value than women with kids, and JD refuses to walk that point back, not even for political purposes, will walk it back.


Let me explain to you why you should, and it's really simple. The idea that someone's worth or investment in society is tied to whether they have children is as ridiculous as you being chosen to be. Someone's running mate, okay? People contribute to society in countless ways, regardless of whether they're parents, and this notion that only women with kids should have a significant say in our nation's future. It's insulting and dangerous. What about the millions of childless adults who work in education, healthcare, and all these other fields that shape our communities? What about the women who physically can't have children, or the women who choose not to have kids? For whatever reason, You know they do have that choice, right? I know y'all want to take away a woman's right to choose, but they still have a choice. I know you trying to score points with the MAGA base, but while but doing it while alienating a massive portion of the electorate women, that's just not good politics.


See, jackass DONKEY Vance. Being a parent doesn't make you a better person or a more valuable citizen. It just makes you a parent. Okay? Respect for others in their choices, however, is what truly makes someone worthy of leadership. You don't have those values. Please give JD Vance the sweet sandwich. No matter of fact, let Remy ma give JD Vance the biggest. He haw. He haw. Hee-haw. You stupid mother, are you dumb? All right, well, thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in The morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the Million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now, back to the Funk.