
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Oh, oh, oh O'Reilly. You need parts O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need, we have thousands of professional parts, people doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability. Just one part that makes O'Reilly stand apart. The professional parts people. Oh, O'Reilly Auto Parts


Had to make a judgment. Oh, who was gonna be on the DONKEY of the day they chose you? The Breakfast. Club Bitches. Who's DONKEY today? Today, Well, at Sharon DONKEY today for Thursday, August 22nd goes to 62-year-old Antonio Riano. Now, I'm telling you right now, when Trump and Fox News hear this story, they're gonna blame Democrats. Okay? This story will be used as an example, as the Why America needs stronger borders. We have some people who are on the far right who listen to The Breakfast Club. I met some of them last night at the DNC And I guarantee you when they hear this story, they're gonna scream, build the wall. See, Antonio Riano killed a man 20 years ago.


A 25-year-old man named Benjamin Baka, sending healing energy, love, and light to the family of that human. Antonio killed him in broad daylight outside of a bar. December, December of 2004, police were called to the Roundhouse bar in Cincinnati and found a man shot once in the head. After interviewing witnesses, investigators learned the suspect was commonly known as L Diablo, and they later identified him as Antonio Riano. Surveillance video also showed him lighting off the shots outside the bar, so police went to search his residence, but police said no one was at home, but the TV was left on and whoever was there left in a hurry. When police later searched l Diablo's home, they learned he used several fake names and had papers to create false documentation to obtain different id.


And prosecutors said Rihanna was in the country unlawfully at the time of the shooting. Mind you, this was 2004. So Democrats and Republicans can keep acting like the border isn't a bipartisan issue, but it is, and that's why it will take a bipartisan solution to fix it, because the border has been a problem under every administration. Now I'm just giving you a timeline of police trying to find Antonio Riano. Okay? A teacher at the elementary school, Reno's daughter attended, told police they overheard the child's mother say they were moving to New Jersey where the family had previously lived. Police contacted Jersey authorities, but they were told by their contacts that he had just left the country. Rihanna's baby mama told police she had just fought with Rihanna the night before the shooting and had left him, and that a friend drove him to Mexico.


Two years after the shooting, the owner of the home Antonio was staying in found the gun. He used to kill Benjamin, and they even found out he bought ammo from a local Walmart and Owl before the shooting. Now this is where it starts to get really good. The Butler County Sheriff's Office lifted Riano as a wanted fugitive, and the case was even profiled on America's Most Wanted. So Antonio, listen to me, y'all. Antonio is a wanted fugitive who was profiled on America's Most Wanted, but police never stopped looking for that ass, okay? They never stopped looking for him for 20 years, and then lo and behold, the rise of social media, okay? Paul Newton, our new town, the lead investigator was searching on social media for clues to Antonio's whereabouts when he stumbled across Antonio's Facebook account.


Why would a fugitive who's been on America's most wanted and been on the run for 20 years have a Facebook account? I'll tell you why, because money isn't the root of all evil nowadays. Attention is, but that's not the kicker. Not only did he have a Facebook account, this man, Antonio Riano, who has been on the run for 20 years, who was featured as a fugitive on America's Most Wanted, this man had a job. Would you like to know what his occupation was? Let's go to Fox 19 now and send you for the report, please. One of Butler County's most Wanted and Antonio Reno, he is accused of killing someone outside of a bar in Hamilton. In 2004, investigators in the US Marshals tracked him down to Mexico where he was serving as a police officer.


The crime scene tape has long been taken down at the corner of East Avenue and Long Street, but in 2004, this was the spot where investigators found Benjamin Bacca dead. He was shot in the face, surveillance cameras on the building captured the ordeal, and in the days that followed, police identified Rihanna as the suspect and found the murder weapon hidden inside his apartment. They say the only issue was Rihanna had fled the country and went into hiding. That was 20 years ago. It's all about catching the bad guy and tracking him down because I think he thought he was home Free. Once the prosecutor's office located Rihanna, they spent several years filing paperwork with federal authorities to get him back to Hamilton to face charges.


Lord have mercy working as a police officer. Yes, he figured, If, you can't beat him, join him, but continue to run from him. Okay? He was a police officer for the past three and a half years in Mexico, which according to his lawyers, shows he was not trying to hide from anyone, and his lawyers argue he has no other criminal history. Now, If, you shoot a man in the head and kill him dead. Do you need any other criminal history? I believe that murder is more than enough. Okay? I just don't understand how you can be a fugitive on the run for murder for 20 years and become a cop. He probably got employed of a month as a cop every month because he always knew where to find the criminals, and that place he found him was called Deira. His favorite part about being a police officer was probably chasing himself to keep in shape.


Antonio figured the best place to hide was in plain sight, right under their noses. He probably makes for a great cop because now he has experience on both sides of the law. Who better to catch a killer than the guy who already knows how it's done? The hypocrisy of this man to go hunt down criminals. He probably was serving warrants and everything when he himself is running from the law. I bet Antonio Riano never took any time off from his job because he knows the only person who could catch him was himself. Now, Antonio is in custody. He's been extradited to Cincinnati to stand trial, and it's been ordered that Riano be detained without bond until the conclusion of his criminal proceedings.


A decision that came in a re came in response to a request from prosecutors. Now, Antonio was asked in court why he did what he did, and this is what he said. I don't know. I don't know. We looked everywhere. I don't know either. Mm, please give Antonio Riano the biggest. He haw. All right. Crazy world sure is. All right, well, thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes ma'am. Sir, sir, sir. With y'all now he acting frozen. Now you now he acting frozen. Now he frozen after. He wanna be there with his little tea. He had a little pinky up drink his little tea.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael The bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The Million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.