
Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey, A, B, C. Tonight The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past winter, our dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and John Johnson's Your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey series Premiere tonight. Nine eight Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know, and there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


This is Jana Kramer from Wind Down with Jana Kramer. I had no idea supplements would make that much of a difference in how I feel every single day. That's why I'm so happy I found SymbioticA. SymbioticA is one of the fastest growing health and wellness companies right now. I take their supplements every single day. And I can really feel a difference in how I feel. I love how easy it is to take Symbio Attica supplements. Here's my routine. I take Symbio Attica every day in the morning before starting my day or even having my morning coffee. I love feeling like I'm doing something good for my body. Right at the start of the day. Prepping for my wedding, I've been making sure to prioritize my health, which is easy. With SymbioticA. My favorite product is a liposomal vitamin C. Vitamin C is essential for collagen production, glowing skin, and anti-aging. And I have really noticed a difference in my skin since I added it to my routine. It also tastes delicious. We all want that glowy, healthy skin for summer and SymbioticA is the answer. If you're not someone who thrives on routine, SymbioticA makes it super easy to stay on track with a monthly order. Your supplements arrive at your doorstep every month so you don't have to even think about it. One of the best perks is you get to enjoy exclusive discounts and access to secret sales. Head over to symbiotica.com/jana for 20% off. Plus free shipping off your subscription order.


Gear Up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying To be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who You giving Dia today to now? Well DONKEY today for Thursday, September 26th goes to Brett Favre. Hey y'all. My name is Leonard McKelvy. AKA Charlemagne. The God I'm your friendly neighborhood bad guy. And. I am always willing to be the a-hole you need unless of course that a-hole is needed at one of Diddy's free calls. Now, If, you haven't heard and you honestly may not have heard because the media has done a great job of changing the narrative. Brett Favre testified at a congressional hearing this past Tuesday. Yes, he testified in front of the House Ways and means committee, which is investigating how states are spending money intended for needy citizens.


Brett Favre is one of the people being sued by the state of Mississippi and they are demanding repayment of the money. They are trying to recover $90 million, but he is one of more than 40 people who have been sued by the state of Mississippi. Mississippi is demanding repayment of money. They're trying to recover more than $90 million. Okay. Brett Favre is denying that he knowingly misused federal welfare money. Okay. According to auditors though, in 2017 and 2018, Mr. Farr received 1.1 million in speaking fees for speeches he never gave. He knew he didn't give those speeches, but he took the money anyway. They suggested he also helped funnel millions of dollars to PET projects, $5 million to build volleyball facilities at his alma mater.


He even paid back the 1.1 million in missin speaking fees, but the state demanded that he pay back interest and Brett Favre refused. So the state of Mississippi is now suing him to recoup the funds he wrongfully acquired. The lawsuit also made public text from Mr. Favre that suggested he had a larger role than he claimed. Okay. In fact, Brett Fav says he was unjustly speared in the news media, but text messages written by Mr. Fav and made public in court filings suggested that he was trying to hide his involvement. Let's go to KTLA five for the report please. Newly revealed text messages filed in an ongoing civil lawsuit show. Fav was part of a scheme that funneled at least $5 million of welfare funds to build a new volleyball stadium at the University of Southern Mississippi where fav graduated and his daughter played the text show.


Former Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant pushed for the facility. Despite denying close involvement. A friend of the former governor's wife, Nancy New, would submit a $5 million upfront lease to use the university's athletic facilities for her nonprofits programming ostensibly for needy families in exchange for offices inside the new volleyball complex. Former welfare agency director John Davis, approved 4 million. Immediately fav texting in gray tells new that the governor has seen the proposal. But hint, hint, you need to reword it to get it accepted. I really feel like he's trying to figure out a way to get it done without actually saying. It says fav of the former governor.


Fav also received $1.1 million in welfare funding through the Mississippi Community Education Center for speaking at events. He never showed up to fav asks, new If, you were to pay me. Is there any way the media can find out where it came from and how much If you were to pay me? Is there any way the media can find out where it came from and how much? I don't see how you can send a text like that but then claim at a hearing on Tuesday. I had no way of knowing that there was anything wrong with how the state funded the project. If. you didn't think it was anything wrong with how the state was funding the project. Then why would you care if the media found out where the money came from or how much? Now why am I telling y'all this story? Because a lot of folks probably didn't know Brett Favre was testifying in a congressional hearing Tuesday because he's being accused of helping to divert funds meant for low income residents because Brett Favre decided to use the hearing to announce that he has Parkinson's disease.


Can we go to CBS news to listen to what he had to say? Former Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre dropped a bombshell today while testifying before Congress the 54-year-old revealed he is battling Parkinson's disease. Here's CBS's Omar v Franca. I'm very much appreciate the opportunity to testify here today. A stunning announcement today from Hall of Fame quarterback Brett Favre. I've recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's. This is also a cause. Dear to my heart, Favre was testifying on Capitol Hill about a Mississippi welfare scandal where he's accused of improperly using his connections to secure millions of dollars for his alma mater and himself for speaking engagements he never performed.


Fav has repaid more than a million dollars to the state and has denied all wrongdoing. Even though I knew And I know I had done nothing wrong. I returned the funds no questions asked. Brett Favre used some of the federal money intended for welfare recipients. He used some of the money to invest in a company that was developing a breakthrough concussion drug. He said he thought it would help others And. I'm sure you'll understand. While it's too late for me because I've recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's, this is also a cause Dear to my heart, so dear to his heart that he used money. He obtained illegally money that was supposed to go to low income residents. He took that money to invest in this pharmaceutical company called Preuss Preuss.


And guess what? The media ate it up. Every single headline you see is Brett. Favre reveals he has Parkinson's disease. Well guess, guess what? He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease disease back in January. Okay? How convenient to run that play when you are testifying at a congressional hearing because you did something shady. So you see, this is my problem with the media. Everybody picks and chooses who they choose to demonize. Granted Brett Favre hasn't been charged with anything criminal, but what he did is unethical and could still be criminal. But he knew he had Parkinson's disease since January. In fact, I was reading an ESPN article that said Brett Favre asked TMZ not to report his diagnosis at the time because he knew back then that wasn't the time to run that play. I'm gonna run that play when I have to testify at a, I don't know, a congressional hearing because then it will distract from what I'm actually here for.


And that is because I was using federal money from welfare recipients to fund my pet projects. But it worked. Google, Brett Fab. These are the headlines you see the New York Times. Brett Fab reveals the as Parkinson's Disease, Fox News, NFL Legend John Elway talks. Brett Favs Parkinson's Disease. It's sad news to hear Milwaukee Journal. Aaron Rogers feels bad for Brett Favre. After learning about his Parkinson's diagnosis. New York post Brett Favre opens up on frustrating health worry that led to Parkinson's disease. Yes, his health diagnosis is sad, but wow, how convenient for the media to just bury the lead? Why don't others get that Grace? NBC News says, Brett Forbes Parkinson's diagnosis renews questions about football and brain disease. How about Brett Favres testimony at welfare reform hearing renews questions about how the rich keep getting richer and the poor don't get a devil damn thing.


How has Brett Favre managed the Garner more sympathy than the welfare recipients they stole from Brett? Favre had the nerve to say, sadly, I lost an investment in a company. We don't care. People couldn't eat because of what folks like you did. I care way more about those poor and disenfranchised people in Mississippi, the welfare recipients who didn't receive $90 million because folks like Brett Favre wanted to build volleyball facilities at their alma mater. All I'm saying is two things can be true. You can be sad. Brett Favre has Parkinson's, but what's really shaky is how the media just seems to forget why Brett Favre was at this congressional hearing in the first place. Okay? We live in a society where people get demonized for accusations, but folks who actually do shady stuff, who actually do un ethical stuff and have to testify about it somehow end up becoming heroes and sympathetic figures.


If, you don't think there's a double standard in media and how they cover people and it's usually based on race, then you're bugging. But I will always be here to remind you. Please get Brett. Favre the biggest. He haw. I don't wanna argue anyone. Nobody. Oh, okay. I felt horrible yesterday. Why? Because I think I was waiting to see how some outlets where I used to work covered the story because I wanted to see You brought up a good point in the room. Y'all know I'm always here for learning and groove that it's because it's mainstream media that does it. It's not me particularly. It's mainstream media. And I was a part of mainstream media for a very long time. That's how I learned at TMZ.


And when I, when they posted the article, they did not one time mention anything about any of the reason why he was there pleading his case at all. Not one time. And I was like, man, like why? Like And I. I had to dig for the answer myself. You know. But been anybody black That would've been, oh, they wouldn't even first. The one thing that they Said, I remember having arguments about they wouldn't even care. I remember having ar arguments about Dana White versus Chris Brown, like And I just thought back to all that. They Swept Dana White's thing right under the rug. And my feelings about it and, and just different things. And You know I'm not just throwing a dart at them because I, I went through Google for a while trying to prepare for that Brett Favre thing. And I. It took me a minute to find out why he was even there. 'cause no one was talking about it. But You didn't report that.


The media pictures. I did mention it, but I didn't do it the way I should have. And what I'm saying is, is in growth and in learning. And I appreciate y'all for You know, bringing it to my attention. You love White men than Black men. No, it's just I think that, I think so. So no. I think that we have a way of leaning to what the media is talking about and not what we should be talking about. Sometimes the media to do picks and choose who I Love. The media picks and chooses who they want to demonize 'cause they know how to demonize people. It's not like they don't know how to, they just choose of course, who not to do it to. And it's a lot of times based on race. Well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


High Five Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary Board book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com.


High five Casino Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No Purchase necessary. BGW Group Void or Prohibited by law 18 plus Terms and conditions applied.