
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now Key Hui Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie rolls of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom alongside Harrison Ford. And then it's data from the Cult Classic De Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins an Academy of War for his performance and everything everywhere, all at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy, and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also Stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one.


You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th,


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wanna know how you came up with the don't, because you're mean I'm not. What did? There's a bunch of donkeys out here. That is why Charlemagne is here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say on The Breakfast Club in the words of Charlemagne, God's a DONKEY that oh man, Charlemagne you giving DONKEY the day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Wednesday, February 5th goes to Raymond Arroyo. Raymond is an American author, journalist and producer who appeared on Fox this week, Fox News to discuss all things Grammys.


And I let the record show this is one of the best Grammys I've seen in a long time. Dropping a cruise bond for the Grammys this year personally to me. All right. To me, they got a lot right? Rhapsody winning best melodic rap performance for 3:00 AM with Queen Erykah Badu, Doce winning best rap album for Alligator Bites, never Hill Kendrick Lamar going five for five for the greatest dis record of all time, not like us. And of course Beyonce winning Best Country album and album of the year. Now there there's debates you know about all of these people and all of these different awards that were won and who should have won and why. I saw people saying Doce is an industry plant. People think the Grammys gave Kendrick all those awards despite Drake. And of course Beyonce winning in Best Country album was gonna piss some people off.


And Raymond is one of those people because he was on Laura Ingram's show on Fox and he had this to say, let's listen. Now what do you make of that? You know, legendary country artist, Beyonce winning for Best Country album. I wanna put this in some context. Laura Dolly Parton has 10 Grammys. Frank Sinatra had 11 Grammys. Beyonce has 35. How is that possibly commensurate with that talent? Emini here, come on. And what people don't know about the Grammys is everybody votes in every genre. You can vote in up to 20 genres. So basically Lady Gaga's cat sitter votes for, for you know, best reggae and best country album. So that's why you get this ridiculous outcome that has nothing to do with the country audience or the country musician.


That's not true. Only people in the music industry vote for the Grammys. But you know, Raymond, if you don't feel Beyonce should win Best Country Album, fine. Okay? Maybe you thought post Malone F1 was better. Maybe you thought Lainey Wilson whirlwind was better. Maybe you thought Chris Stapleton High was better, I don't know. But for you to sit up there and attempt attempting rain on Beyonce's black parade and hate on her for having 35 Grammys is utterly ridiculous. Okay? Once again, that's your opinion. But listen to the context of what he said. Dolly Parton has 10 Grammys. Frank Sinatra had 11 Grammys. Beyonce has 35. How? How does that possibly com What did he say commensurate with the talent? What did he say? I can't remember the word he used. But basically how, how does her talent equate to 35 Grammys?


'cause she's talented. Okay, now you don't have to love Beyonce. You don't even have to like her music. But one thing you cannot deny is her talent. Okay? Dolly Parton and Frank Sinatra are incredible talents, legends, icon Living well icons one is living, but neither one of them have been dancing Instru since the age of 12. Okay? Also, neither one of them are verbs. What do you mean Uncle Shala? Neither one of them are verbs. Beyonce is a verb. Well, to be clear, 'cause my mother is an English teacher, she is a proper noun, okay? Beyonce is a proper noun that is often used as a verb. You can say various things to people like you ain't Beyonce, okay? To remind folks you not excellent, you not as fly as you think you are. Okay? Use it in the sentence Charlamagne. Why you following zero people on Instagram?


You not Beyonce. Okay, my point is, Raymond Dolly Parton herself has praised Beyonce's work. Dolly Parton is on Cowboy Carter. Okay? Remember what Dolly said about Beyonce on E-News about eight months ago? Listen, Beyonce covering Joe. I Know. What Are your thoughts on her version? Well, I think it was very bold of her, but I love what she did to it And I was very proud of her album. I thought she did a great job in country music And I thought it was great And I was just happy she did. Jolene, Listen, Raymond, it it, it's not Apples and oranges, okay? You gotta dig a little deeper on who is voting for Grammys and how they come to these conclusions.


And if you mad at the voters now, oh, you'd have been pissed off even more back then because you mentioned Frank Sinatra. You know the year he had two number one albums, he only won one Grammy and was nominated for five. And you know what he won for? Mm, his album cover. Okay, that's crazy. Damn. His album cover, not his music. Look it up. He won his first Grammy in 1959 for only the Lonely and he won for the cover. On the cover. He was dressed as a sad clown. Raymond. You can relate. All right? Now mind you, in 1959, he had only the lonely and come fly with me. He was nominated for five Grammys including Album of the Year, but he won for his album cover. So knock it off Raymond, the Grammys or the Grammys.


Sometimes they get it right, sometimes they get it wrong. This year they got it absolutely right and giving Beyonce 35 Grammys over her career is absolutely the right thing to do. But usually, you know when you voting yes for Beyonce, you are getting it right and everyone is entitled to their opinion. But Miley Cyrus thought Beyonce should have won. I think she knows more about music than the both of us, Raymond. All I'm saying man, is everybody is entitled to their own opinion. But sometimes our opinions can be wrong or sometimes our opinions can be rooted in Hate. And Raymond as a person who can also be an objective hater, I am an objective hater. What you are doing is hating. But I saw Whoopi Goldberg get on your ass on your view yesterday And I enjoyed what she had to say.


Let's listen. She earned it. The thing you have, you know, you wanna, you wanna hold on to country music like white people didn't also buy her country album. Come on man. People voted for it. Sometimes you win, sometimes you don't. Same with the Oscar. Sit down, Sit down. Oh no, that's right. She told you. Please let Chelsea handler give Raymond Arroyo the biggest haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. That is way too much Den mayonnaise. Yes it is. All right, I agree. Well, thank you for that DONKEY today. Now when we come back, TK Kirkland will be joining us comedian TK Kirkland, and we gonna talk to him next.


And don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kickback with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.