
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The deadly Police shooting. It feels like my Katrina stuff. Me Charlemagne. Now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time For DONKEY of the Day. America Is the big reality TV show on The. Breakfast. Club. Would you rather Have the black president or the White president have a problem figuring out whether you're Premier Trump and you ain't black? It's Enough. America has A problem. Yes, it's dark here today for Tuesday, December 3rd goes to President Joe Biden F First of all, drop on a cruise bomb for Taylor. Made it damnit. Hey boy. Taylor be killing him. Intro don't she? Yeah, she, she did the intro yesterday. Oh crazy. Nah, she just being there. High working. Go ahead Taylor. Ah. Please open a wire like that out. She, she told me though now if you haven't heard President Joe Biden pardoned his son, hunter Biden.


Hunter Biden was convicted by a jury in June of illegally buying and possessing a gun as a drug user. He then pleaded guilty in September to nine tax offenses stemming from 1.4 million in taxes that he didn't pay while blowing bags on escorts scripts cause and drugs. Lord have mercy. Drop on a bomb for Hunter Biden, who you think he is. Future. Let's go to CNN for the report please. The President issuing a full and unconditional pardon to his son Hunter after repeating insistently in repeatedly insisting in public that he wouldn't do it and to defend his decision, the President adopted an argument that could have come straight out of Donald Trump's playbook.


Blame your political opponents and claim unfair persecution. President Biden said this, the charges in his cases came about only after several of my political opponents in Congress instigated them to attack me and oppose my election. The President adding no reasonable person who looks at the facts of hunter's cases can reach any other conclusion than Hunter was singled out. Only because he is my son. And that is wrong. End quote, president Biden pardoning pardoning his son not just for the gun crimes for which he was convicted and not just for the tax crimes for which he pled guilty. Instead, Biden gave his son an extraordinarily sweeping pardon for any and all crimes he committed may have committed or even merely been involved in at any point in the last 10 years.


You gotta cover up those things that happened in Ukraine. Just like anything else that happens in our society though, there has been mixed reactions to Biden pardoning his son. Let me be the first to tell you I don't care. Okay? As I said yesterday, I don't care if he pardons his son. I just want Democrats to stop acting like they are on this moral high ground politically. When they have shown us time and time again, they are not okay. Stop acting like they're at a pure party and Republicans aren't. Because what happens in situations like this when you are always calling someone else out, people expect you to be perfect. And in politics we know nobody is perfect. So the least we should realistically expect you to be is better. And Biden pardoning his son for crimes that he actually committed isn't showing they are better.


And You know who's to blame for that? Joe Biden. Joe Biden and his administration. Okay? Because once again, like they tend to do, they volunteered a lie. President Biden, nobody would care about you pardoning your son if you didn't say over and over that you wouldn't pardon your son, okay? Nobody would care about you pardoning your son. If you didn't have your press secretary, KARE Kareem John P constantly saying that you wouldn't pardon your son, you were the one who said you would never pardon your son because you have a respect for the rule of law. Okay? The reason you are getting this backlash is because Democrats always want to act like they stand on this moral high ground. I see all these folks comparing Biden's pardons to all the folks. Trump is pardoned and You know the difference.


Trump is unapologetic about it. He pardons his people, gives them jobs in his administration and he doesn't explain it or act like he's above doing it. Meanwhile, this is what you and your press secretary have sounded like every single time you were asked if you would pardon your son. Is there any possibility that the President would end up pardoning his son? No. Well, is there I I just said no, I just answered another Question. One, would the President pardon or commute his son if he's convicted? So I've answered this question before. It was asked of me not too long ago, A couple of weeks ago. And I was very clear. And I said no. You said before that the President would not pardon his son. Is that still the case? Nothing has changed. That is still the case. And have you ruled out a pardon for your son?


Yes. I said I abide by the jury decision. I will do that. And I will not pardon him. I could speak for the president and he said he would not pardon his son. Does the President Have any intention of pardoning him? We, we've been asked that question multiple times. Our answer stands, which is no. And dropping a clue bombs for Kareem John Fre. Boy, she's so tired of lying for y'all white people. My God. Now I know folks are saying Biden changed his mind and you have the right to change your mind. Sure, I agree with that. But I was reading an article on CNN this morning and it said multiple officials who recently worked for Joe Biden said they never believed the president our White House aids speaking on his behalf.


When they insisted in recent months that a pardon for Hunter Biden was off the table. A former senior West Wing Aid said anyone who was even close to the top knew that he was probably going to do this. So why did we pretend otherwise? That's what us inquiring minds want to know President Biden. And that's the reason you are getting backlash about this. You said in your statement that you just came to this conclusion over the weekend. Yeah. Right. According to CNN's sources familiar with Hunter Biden's legal strategy said he would've never agreed to plead guilty in September to all nine charges in the federal tax case exposing himself to the possibility of 17 years in prison and more than $1 million in fines without the expectation of clemency.


So once again, Joe Biden and the Democrats, why act like you're above doing any of this? Democratic representative Greg Stanton of Arizona said that while he respects the president, I think he got this one wrong. This wasn't a politically motivated prosecution. Hunter committed felonies and was convicted by a jury of his peers. I agree. He committed felonies and was convicted by a jury of his peers. But he got a daddy who's pretty important and that daddy isn't gonna let him go down. Okay? Once again, I'm not mad Joe Biden pardon this son. I just wish Democrats would stop being cowards and stand on whatever business they are choosing to stand on even though this decision is very self-serving. Okay? And that's the other thing. Some of you liberals are out there spiking the football, acting like this is some sort of lick back. No, knock it off.


Okay? This doesn't benefit anybody except the Biden family. And it's not a lick back. If you think it's a lick back, that's a false equivalency. Okay? You lost the election. Alright? Trump is in control of all three branches of government. Hunter Biden being pardoned. Nah, it's not the same. Okay? That's not a lick back. Hit the he outta here. All right? I wish that Democrats in the administration also wouldn't be anonymous. Whoever told CNN that, I wonder if there was a way to be less righteous about it and more like we're not spending our time thinking about that. The same aid that I mentioned before said there were multiple ways Biden could have left the door open to a pardon Rather than ruling out its possibility altogether. It's really that simple. The backlash wouldn't be so intense if you hadn't been so adamant about not pardoning pardoning him in the first place.


Please give President Joe Biden the biggest, he all, And also Joe President Biden. I have a way that you can change the narrative. Okay? You about to be out, you really wanna shake things up. People are questioning your legacy. To me, your legacy will always be tied to the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act. Or that the Well, yeah, the 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act in the 94 Crime Bill. You are a proud offer of both those bills. So how about, pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense. We've been saying that for a couple of years. That would be something interesting that would get everybody talking about something else. Yep. And you don't care. You about to be out. And you should do that for your legacy because of those, the 8 86 Anti-Drug Abuse Act because of the mandatory minimum citizen, it's people still in prison.


Yeah. Because of, because of, of laws that you implemented, because of the nine four crime bill. Is people still in prison because of laws you implemented? So how about, pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent weed offense? It don't make no sense to me that weed is damn near illegal in most of the country. Yeah. Whether recreationally or medicinally. I think I said that word right? Medicinal. Medicinal. All supposed. But either way. Well, I own a dispensary either way, but my point is, God bless America. That's right. I don't even gotta not be able to pronounce it to own it. But my point is, pardon? Everybody in federal prison for a nonviolent, we defense, you really wanna shake things up. Yeah, I agree with you. Well thank you for that DONKEY. Today we opening up the phone lines. Let's open up the phone lines, people's opinions.


Let's what the people say. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 You know what the TURs mean though. What disturbs me but really bother me. It don't matter. I'm What you just said. Disturbs the TURs. You know what disturbs me. We Understand each other. We don't gotta pronounce things, things correctly. Who cares that we on the radio? That's right. Dumb as a break. What pisses Piss? What the disturb you man is, There's a lot of people out there. Just think about it like this. Let's think about if you had a gun charge and you gotta serve three years. Yes. And you look at this, this white boy, right? That's going home. It Ain't even that he white. He Had prostitutes. He had allegedly crack and cocaine. Allegedly. Good time. Come on. Tell me some more about this. Good time. This man Was happening. He did his thing overseas with the Ukrainians. Yeah. Right. And he had a gun charge and he gone home before Christmas.


Well, guess what? And. I got a gun charge my first time. And. I gotta sit here for Three years. Well, your daddy should have made better choices. Your daddy should have been president. He could have got you off. Okay. I thought the Democrats were for the people. That's the whole point of the DONKEY today. His people. That's fd up. It is. Well, is it, is it ed up or is it just business? Well, If I'm if, if I the president, it's just business people. It's just family business. Listen to what you're saying. Yeah. All right, well let's open up the phone lines. Let's discuss (800) 585-1051. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning.


DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms Inc. Con,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is John Middle from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I, I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch and this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also sent me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He's like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.