
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You Trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy red DONKEY today for Monday, September 23rd. We'll be up to you all. Okay? I saw folks in an uproar about this over the weekend sending me messages saying, uncle Sharla, you should give Janet Jackson DONKEY today. And then I went and saw what Janice said. And I couldn't believe you. Heathens was treating the architect of Rhythm Nation with such disrespect. Okay, this woman made, that's the way love goes. And this the thing she gets. I didn't quite feel like she should get the biggest hee-haw, but I will let you all decide.


See, the woman who showed us what the pleasure principle was. Janet Jackson was having a conversation with the Guardian that was published on Saturday. And one of the things she said in the article was she's heard, she heard that Vice President Kamala Harris was Not Black. Here's the quote. She's Not Black. That's what I heard. End quote. All right. That's what she recently said of Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris. Janet said her father's white. That's what I was told. I mean, I haven't watched the news in a few days now when I heard this, to me, it was just an opportunity to teach. We live in a world where misinformation runs so rampant, where so much fake news and alternative facts circulate that it's not surprising to me that folks believe the fake news.


Now for the record, Kamala Harris Is, both black and Indian American, those are simply the facts. Okay? She has always identified as black and Indian. Her father is from Jamaica, her mother is from India. That's that. But because of misinformation promoted by former President Donald Trump and others, people have You know run with the Kamala Harris, Is Not, Black lie. Personally, I think folks was being too hard on Janet Jackson. Okay? She was misinformed, correct her and move on. It's easy to be misinformed and repeat something you heard in this era, happens to folks every single day, even to people like Janet Jackson and You. know who I really blame? I blame everyone who legitimizes foolishness, who legitimizes foolishness. Like this is news, okay?


All the papers, all the news networks, the MSNBCs, the Fox CNN, all of y'all, when you're sitting around making things like this appointed debate, when you replay You know Trump and others constantly repeating these lies, you amplify them. And the lie gets around The World three times, okay? While the truth is still putting on issues, they will have whole panel discussions about this nonsense. It's Kamala Harris, black Dana Bash even asked Kamala what she thought of Trump's comments. All of that type of rhetoric legitimizes that lie because there has to be some sort of legitimacy to it if it's being posed as a question on cable news, right? Right, wrong. And nobody cares about the truth when the lies more entertaining.


The truth is Kamala, Harris, Is, both black and Indian, but the lie, okay, she just turned black, is way more entertaining. Now this lie is spread so much that even the almighty Janet Jackson believes it. Even the way the media has written this headline about the Janet Jackson situation reinforces the false narrative that Kamala Harris isn't black. Because the headline in Rolling Stone is Janet Jackson. Questions Whether Kamala, Harris, Is black NBC News, Janet Jackson tells the interviewer she heard Kamala Harris Is Not Black. All people see is Janet Jackson says, Kamala Harris Is Not Black If. you already heard that. Now you might believe it because even Janet Jackson said it. What I don't understand is why are we so quick to dunk on each other for just simply being wrong?


Why is everybody so quick to slander Janet Jackson and then insult Janet Jackson when we all have been victims of some form of misinformation on social media? When people say things like, everyone knows Kamala Harris dad is black. No, everyone clearly doesn't. And it is very arrogant to assume that folks have that piece of information handy. And I really wish we would stop attacking people from being misinformed, especially when they aren't trying to weaponize the misinformation they just wrong. Just debunk the misinformation, show the person the facts, and then once you do that, move on. It's not that serious. There's no reason to be coming at the woman who made what have you done for me lately, like this. So let's go to Breakfast Club Court.


That's right. And get my music. Are are people overreacting? Arsha, Janet Jackson. Get the biggest He Hawk. You heard the facts. I just laid 'em out for you. All right. I laid out what she said, laid out what happened, and let's go to the phones. Okay, let's do that. (800) 585-1051. We're in Breakfast Club call. So the question is Janet Jackson? Okay. Yes. She said that she didn't think that the president was black. She said she heard, I guess also she heard it from, and she was absolutely positively Wrong. I dunno, ain't say she didn't think she said she heard. She Heard. So the question is, vice President Kamala Harris wasn't Black. Do you give Janet Jackson Grace or no? Should she get the biggest? He haw. All right, let's discuss. Are people overreacting or should she get the biggest he haw? Hello? Who's this? This is DEA from Jersey City.


Hey, DEA from Jersey City. What's your thoughts? Hi. I think that we need to leave Janet alone. At the end of the day, she's an entertainer. She is not a politician. She never swore on anybody's Bible to handle anything as far as politics. And the fact that we keep putting so much emphasis on the opinions of people who are literally, literally just here to entertain the masses is crazy. Politicians fault at the end of the day for always going so hard to push for endorsements for people just so that you can get the vote of their fans. But at the end of the day, I'm not voting for anyone because Janet Jackson said so, like that's just not a thing.


Who, who? Who could tell you to vote for somebody? Like what? What person do you follow that if they said, Hey, I'm supporting this person, you would, you would, you would do it too. Nobody. I like that. That's how it should be. We have family discusses on how we all feel. I'm not, I don't know these people in real life's, I don't know what to is. I don't know who's paying you. I don't know how often you even watch the news. So no, no one's opinion in the entertainment business matters to me whatsoever. Me and my family get together. We watch the debate, we have the discussions, and we decide how we feel. And. I believe most people feel like her. This is why a lot of People like celebrities stay outta politics though, because it's like when you don't know something, they drag you.


When you try and support, they drag You. Yep. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Lisa from Maryland. Hey, Lisa. Good morning. What did you think about Janet Jackson saying that Kamala Harris Is Not Black. Janet knew what she was doing. She's had how many, I think of experience being an artist doing interviews with PR three 40 years. Exactly what she was saying. She did not backtrack. She did this because she hurt. She, but let's keep in mind that the brother, Randy is word Q anon people like he's ultra right wing.


He is. I didn't know that. Yes, He is. Look at his Instagram and he's, he's pretty extreme. And if that saying his manager, and she had plenty of times to backtrack, to respect or to apologize, and she didn't, she the a Apology her phone sounds. That's not out your phone. Sound a little crazy, mama. So, so what she was basically saying was she feels like Janet knew what she was doing and that her brother is a Republican and possibly feeding Janet the information That's So she's saying Janet needs the biggest hee-haw. That's What she's saying. Okay. Hello, Who's this? Hi, this is Nay. Hey, nay. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning, y'all. I love y'all by the way. I, I listen every day. Love you. Thank you.


Nay. But I just think that it's crazy. Like, I hate this for Janet Jackson because one, this is like public information, right? Like you can literally go to a Wikipedia page, you can go to Google. So it's like, for somebody who's on her platform to just be trying to tear down another woman, I just think it's, it's crazy. And it's like why? She is the only woman out here trying to make a difference. Like, we don't want Donald Trump. She is the worst candidate ever. And then it's like we're just out here shaming her name and talking shit about her for Oh, I'm sorry. Talking stuff about her. For what? I just don't get it. I I hate this for Janet, Jack. I, I honestly Do. So you, so you, you think Janice should get the biggest he Hoff or what? I think she deserves dunk today.


Uncle Charla. Damn. Okay. Because it's like why you were tear down another black woman regardless if she was a black woman or not. We've been voting for white men forever. So why are you messing with this woman? Okay, thank You know I get what you're Saying. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking should Janet Jackson get DONKEY of the day? Damn. It's looking like she going get that big as he How Y'all, well take some calls when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Cool Morning Everybody. It's DJNB Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la filling in for haw. You all right, Lauren La Rosa. Thank you. Say What?


I said. Are you all right? I'm always okay. All right. Should we give Janet Jackson DONKEY today? That is the question. Why? I don't know, man. You know. I saw over the weekend, people was hitting me up saying, uncle Charlotte, you gotta give Janet DONKEY today. I went to go see what she said to the guardian You know. She told the guardian that in, in regards to Kamala Harris, she's Not Black. That's what I heard. So clearly Janet is just misinformed. I feel like this is just an opportunity to teach correct her, debunk the misinformation, keep it moving. But people want Janet to get the DONKEY today. Hello, who's this? Good morning. My name is Kay. What's up? Kay. Should, should Janet get DONKEY today? Yes. She deserves DONKEY today. Wow. Why do you say that?


Because she is a superstar. You should have more knowledge and be more inform, inform. You shouldn't rely on people to tell you these things. This election is important and she has influence. She should be more careful of what she's saying. Okay? Okay. Thank you, mama. Hello. Who's this? Jay calling from Florence, South Carolina. What's up brother? You think Janice should get DONKEY today? Of course not. Why? Why, why should she? I mean, like you said, it's misinformation, but if she don't know, she don't know. Okay. That's how I feel. Yep. Hello? Who's this?


This is Nikki. Hey, Nikki. Good morning. Should Jackson get DONKEY today? She should not. Why? Because we all make, make mistakes. And even though she's a celebrity, why is she not available or able to make mistakes? We give misinformation all the time. She's able to receive misinformation just like we're able to receive misinformation. She shouldn't be held accountable for that. Okay. I agree. Thank you. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hello? Hey, what's your name? Veronica. Veronica. Should Janet Jackson get DONKEY today? I think she should be held accountable. Absolutely.


Why? Well, she hasn't watched the news in the past several days. Okay. Maybe I haven't either. However, our vice president has been in office for three and a half years now. We all should know that she's black. Unacceptable. She should offer an apology. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Thank All right, Charlemagne. Well, What you gonna do? The people have spoken. Janet Jackson, you need to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with you. Dammit. Please give Janet Jackson the biggest. He haw. Listen, I, I, I feel like You know you should just correct her. Debunk the information.


Use it as an opportunity to teach and keep it moving. The last lady did bring up a very good point. It's not like the vice president has hasn't been in office the last three and a half years. You, know what I mean? Yeah. So at the very least you should know she's black and Indian. You might not know both, but you at least should know one of those parts. I thought it was a little, and it should be the black part. It Was a little, it was a little wild for her not to at least know that she'd be at the reunion. Some people are just probably not in the politics, not in the know. Probably don't care. Probably don't look Up. I'm sure Janet Jackson lives under You. know In her own bubble. Her own bubble. She Janet Jackson still, I mean, You know how touchy politics are. You could've been like, I don't wanna answer that.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at hi the number five casino.com. High five Casino


Lucky Land slots. Asking people, what's the weirdest place you've gotten lucky. Lucky in line at the deli, I guess. Ah, Hi. In my dentist's office more than once actually, do I have to say? Yes you do. In the car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten? Lucky I never win and tell. Well, there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere. playing@luckylandslots.com. Play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. V GW Group, avoid web prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Hey, hey, John O'Brien here from Money and Wealth on iHeartRadio. And I. Invite you to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in New York City. Black Week is an economic conference. It aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register. We can use my exclusive code G HB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration Black Week 2024. Claim your spot today.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.