
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita, I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian, because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Artesian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me? Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay


This Christmas. So you're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout crowd pleaser. I've been trained for this gold medal. I'm gonna need exactly what the man get. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life at his, The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13, only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day, The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocut his pregnant wife.


Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. But The Breakfast Club bitchy DONKEY other day with Charlem. Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like This. Well Duval it. Snap is Florida. Okay, DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, December 10th goes to a Florida woman named Victoria Mu. Okay? She is 33 years old and she helps from one of my favorite places in The World, Orlando, Florida. Salute to everybody who listens to us on 1 0 4 0.5, the beat in Orlando, dropping a cruise bombs from 1 0 4 0.5, the beat Orlando. What's happening? What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. See, Victoria was stopped in Fort Lauderdale at the intersection of Livington Street in Huley Avenue because she failed to yield the right of way to another vehicle.


So she got pulled over and when the officer called dispatch to check on her identity, they were told there was a warrant out in Orange County for a DUI. So officers did what they they do. They took her outta the vehicle. A red Ford Escape. Okay? This car was typecasted for what happens next. They took her out of her red Ford Escape and bought her back to the patrol car, advised her of the warrant and that she'll be put under arrest. That's when Victoria decided to make like her Ford and escape. She started to resist, ran back to her Ford Escape, jumped in and placed it in drive. But there was a problem with that. See, her 6-year-old daughter was in the backseat, but one of the police officers had also gotten into the backseat of the Ford Escape with the daughter as well.


I mean, they were taking her mother to jail, so somebody had to be with the 6-year-old. But listen to what I just said. Victoria found out she had a warrant for her, her arrest for DUI and clearly she must have still been drunk because there was a police officer in the backseat with her 6-year-old. What do you think Victoria did next? Comply to the commands to get outta the SUV. Realize there was a police officer in her backseat and just surrender. No, this is Florida. She drove away. Put the cop in the back with the police officer in the backseat. Where we going? I look. Moms are busy nowadays. Okay? Sometimes you gotta bring a cop along for carpool duty. All right. She Said you have a seatbelt On. I have no idea. You know, she wanted more community policing. This is her way of getting it. All right.


Where does she think she was going with a police officer in her backseat? In most places on the planet, a police officer in the backseat would deter you from trying to make a getaway. But not in Florida? Nope. Nope, nope, nope. In Florida, you combine traffic stops, kidnapping, and a family road trip. Okay? Drop on the cruise bombs for multitasking. All right? Not to mention, where would you be going when the officer in the backseat can just tell his fellow officers exactly where you're going? Okay. This is literally the equivalent of someone sharing their Uber ride status with you. In fact, this could be a new Uber service called Uber arrest. Why don't we have cops? Florida edition. There gotta be a cops Florida edition, right?


I'm sure there Has to be a cops just dedicated to Florida. This has to exist already, right? All you gotta do is attach a GoPro to every cop called in Florida and just sit back and be entertained. Please give Victoria Mosie the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You are the DONKEY of the day. You're the DONKEY of the day End. She ain't gonna know damn well. She pulled over Y eventually and she's in jail for looting police.


I thought there was more than the story. I wanted to be like, oh, the cop in the back like boo and he, ah, You know, I want story. She knew the cop was there the whole time. Yeah, but since she already pulled off and the cop was already there, baby girl coulda just like, I don't know You. We going, is she going straight to jail? She going to straight to police department. Like, where's she going? No. Eventually the police officer followed her, followed her down the street. She finally stopped at the intersection and she was placed into custody. That's all. And now she faces a charge of fleeing and eluding police. No gang. I mean, we could, if you want to, I want to play a game If you really feel like you need to, but sure, let's play a game of guess what race it is.


All right? A Florida woman driving an Orlando Monday flood a traffic stop and arrest while she had the police officer and her 6-year-old daughter in the back car. Guess what? What race she is is envy, Not white. You the one who wanted to play. I'm Just curious. You wanted to play now you don't know. I don't know. That's Why I'm asking. I think why you think she white? I don't know. I mean, What the call, Cassidy, of having a officer in the backseat and still feeling like you can drive Off the DUI feeling and the fact that the it wasn the DUI. What you mean? All races get DUIs, but but not only that, but the fact that you had a police officer in the back, he didn't beat your head in as you were driving off, kind of makes me feel like you were.


Why we beat her head to stop to she's driving, then she could wreck and kill us all. You idiot. Boy, you stupid. Pull. Stop the car. Shut up. Shut up. Shut anymore. Lauren? Did the baby girl in the backseat or did the baby in the backseat say anything? How was the baby? Well, hold On. Lauren, a Florida woman driving in Orlando Monday, flood of traffic stop in arrest. Police say by hopping back in her SUV and driving off while a police officer was in the back with her daughter. Guess what Ray she is. Lauren LaRosa. I think she's heroin white. But no, the baby in the backseat didn't say nothing. I didn't, they didn't say anything. You gotta stop The car. The police gotta stop the car somehow way. I'm not gonna beat the woman in the back back, got a 6-year-old daughter in the back, but you don't Want her to get on the highway and take off and start going crazy. You gotta get her to stop the car, put the car to turn To kill old.


6-year-old would six, seven, whatever. Would've been like dad, somebody in the car, right? My niece would've been like someone else is in the car, mom. Because why would she pull off with The car? Well, six years old, she understands police officers. What's the race? You know, police officer, the well both of you racist bigots are wrong. Okay? No, she is not white. She is negro. Wow. Wow. I wouldn't have guess that one because you racist. She crazy. I would've drove right to my mama house, But the cop in the back. Yes. Come get my baby. I'm going to jail. Well, orange is the new black, y'all okay? This is, I wanna guess that one. Her right? She got braids. What is she got? Braids. She got corn bros. What? Look like she had 'em cornrows for a little too long.


That's what it looked like. Jesus. Because got the little Afro, that girl over it. I, it looked, You know how your hair look under that wig? First of all, this is not a wig, baby. This is all me. I know you don't know what it feels like to grow hair and like hair lines and stuff anymore, but this is what it looks like. Okay? No, look at It. Look at it. Saw me. Your natural and your wigs all look same. It's saw me, it's saw me and saw me. That's Not Felicia. This is Eva. Eva is the natural mature girl. Ah. She is chic. She's trimmed, She, well, You know what e She for the A vengeance, Jesus, because both of them always just look like they're in need of some type of mirror. All right? They just all look like they're going through some type of struggle that they need help. You know What your hairline look like? What? I don me Either. Exactly. Mind your business, stay out. All right, girls. All right, girls, girls, gals, gals, gals.


The funny thing is she been trying to make it bounce all morning, but it ain't really bouncing. Don't do me. Don't. 'cause the vibe is Bob is not athletic. Be moving. All right gals. All right, gals. Lets open up the full lines. The 1980s NBA player. 808 5 pimping On the Bob. That's crazy. Pimp was athletic. Okay, So I'm playing, playing. Don't Play with me. That's Bob Coy DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Can you believe all this? Talk about GLP ones. Of course you can. It's all people talk about. Have you heard about future health? Though they make access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. People can struggle with weight loss for years, trying various diets and exercises without lasting success with GLP ones, many people notice a reduction in cravings and felt more in control of their eating habits, which lead to weight loss, physical health, and feeling more optimistic about their future. Feeling good is most important. And no matter what you do to be healthy or to get in good shape, now science can be utilized. Everyone wins. They give millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail. Alright, we're all set. For the party, I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses.


And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a plasma metropolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength, and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here Already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be Jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker.


Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me? Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance in game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors, gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.