
Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal. Say yes to those pink flamingo floaties you've been eyeing online. Get them and make a splash with that cash back. Say yes to the third barbecue in a row this week. Grill up those burgers and earn that extra cheese. Say yes to that last minute road trip. You deserve it. Pay at the pump and fuel up your wallet with PayPal. Say yes to summertime fun and all the cash back that PayPal has to offer. Download the PayPal app. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Okay, you say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit D app for details.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything. That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply C att.com/iphone for Details@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeul.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Some DONKEY days just saw Themselves. I've been watching Charlie Man was ready for You. DONKEY I never heard on DONKEY other day. What? What is it? What? DONKEY. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, DONKEY. You're a DONKEY. Don. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yeah. DONKEY today for Wednesday, July 24th goes Deshaun Grayson If. you don't know who Sean Grayson is. He's a 30-year-old San San Gaman County sheriff's deputy who has been fired from his position because he murdered 36-year-old Sonja Massey in cold blood. Sonya, rest in peace to Sonya Massey. Sonya had called 9 1 1 to report a possible prowler at her home in Springfield, Illinois.


And then this happened. Let's go to CBS News Chicago for the report please. President Joe Biden responded to the shooting saying that Massey should still be here tonight. She called 9 1 1 to report a prowler near her home and an encounter quickly takes a deadly turn. And we do wanna warn you that this video is hard to watch. Body camera video shows Sonya Massey opening the door for Sangamon County Deputy Sean Grayson and his partner earlier this month. It Taking you so long to answer the door. Oh, I was trying to put on some clothes, sir. You doing all right mentally? Yes sir. My medicine Once inside her Springfield home, deputy Grayson asked Massey to check on the stove. The situation quickly escalates Going waste up your hot steam water.


I waste for my hot steam of water. Yeah. Oh, I would forget you in the name of Jesus. You in the name of I swear, gotta shoot you at your fucking face. Massey begins apologizing. Grayson fired three times hitting Massey in the face. You know. What else do we do? I'm not taking hot, boiling water to face. He clearly knew she dealt with some mental health issues because he asked her how she's doing mentally. She told him she took her medicine. Well it it sending healing energy to the family of Sonya Massey. I would never understand how so many police officers just forget the protect and serve part of their job. There is really nothing I'm going to say this morning that I haven't said a million times before.


Police officers. You have the power, all of it. You got guns a badge. This woman had a pot of boiling water. She not thinking about you unless you in egg. Okay? A hot dog, a bag of tea. That woman, Sonya Matthew, told you, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus You. know why? Because she could feel the negativity coming off you because she felt your energy. She felt your spirit and she rebuked that demon in the name of Jesus only for you to prove her right while shooting her dead for no damn reason. If, you feel threatened. Tell her to back away from the boiling water. If she doesn't comply, then leave. I don't wanna go stand in the yard, sit in the car, call for backup, send somebody who knows how to deescalate the situation.


If, you don't but the shooter. I personally think Sean Grayson should be charged with premeditated murder. If, you say to me, I'll shoot you in the face before you shoot me in the face. That sounds premeditated to me. Now, Sonya Massey's family is calling for a probe into the hiring of Sean Grayson because they don't understand how he was hired in the first place. He's worked at six different law enforcement agencies in four years. He was charged with DUI twice. It's unclear why Sean Grayson changed jobs so frequently. CNN has reached out to other law enforcement agencies for more information. I don't think they've got any yet. I don't know what to say, man. I don't know what to do. I I study stoicism If. you don't know what stoicism is. It teaches the development of self-control as a means of overcoming destructive emotions.


It encourages people to focus on what they can control and accept what they cannot. Leading to emotional resilience and inner strength in today's daily stoic was somewhere someone's dying. I wanna play it for you. It's only like, it's less than a minute long. And I don't necessarily agree with all of it, especially when it comes to a situation like Sonya Massey. But I wanna play it for y'all and see what y'all think. Because we're just a community always trying to figure things out and work our way through things. I just wanna know what y'all think of this. We talk about it in the room. Let's play it right A well-meaning friend might ask you today, what do you think about insert tragedy from the other side of The World you and your equally well-meaning concern might say. I just feel awful about it.


In this scenario. Both of you have put aside your reason choice without doing a single thing for the victims suffering from the actual tragedy. It can be so easy to get distracted by even consumed by horrible news from all over The World. The proper response of the stoic to these events is not to not care. But mindless, meaningless sympathy does very little either and comes at the cost of one's own serenity in most cases. If there is something you can actually do to help these suffering people, then yes, the disturbing news and your reaction to it has relevance to your reason choice. If emoting is the end of your participation, then you ought to get back to your own individual duty, to your self, to your family, to your Country.


I see basically what I take from that You know, even though he's talking about something out of the country. But basically what I take from that is, is most of the grief about things happening somewhere to someone else You know is, is actually hypocrisy. And I don't want that to be the case. Like when I hear stories like Sonya Massey, I I do feel horrible. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. Definitely wouldn't want it to be someone in my family. Definitely wouldn't want it to be a friend that I know. But I also say to myself, these situations happen. We feel bad. We report on them. We go to social media with them. But then what? Outside of a molding, what are we really doing? This affirmation is also saying that If, you can't do anything to immediately change the situation, then we should probably move on with our lives. That is what I completely disagree with because that's one of the reasons I believe these things keep happening is because so many of us don't do enough.


I just don't know what it is we can do. Please let Chelsea, Chelsea handler give Sean Grayson the biggest. He haw He haw hee-haw. That is way too much Dan mayonnaise. I just don't know what what it is we can do. It feels like every few months we're telling stories like this. Yeah. What do we do to change it? Like I I really truly ha I personally have no idea. I would have to reach out to Tamika Mallory or one of the activists or You know a, a lawmaker that I know I don't know what to do. Yeah. And then I seen the video. It was, it is video servicing Now when they, when other cops, after he killed her, other cops that came to the scene or whatever and questioned him and he said she came at him with the, the, the pot of water.


But we know that's not true. You Lying like You know now you lying. We see the video. It the video. But that's what I mean. We see videos like this all the time. We know the officers be lying. We, but what do we do? I feel like we just telling the same story over and over every few months. Well, at this, at this point, I feel like police officers have to be held liable in situations like this. Right? Yeah. Because what what it make somebody think twice and maybe say, You know what? I might not be as aggressive. I might not use my firearm in a way that I'm not supposed to. Is if I have to do jail time, if I, if I'm sued, if I'm all at, because If, you give them immunity, then they feel like they're above the law. But if this officer, he was what fired immediately, he's probably and hopefully gonna go to jail for a long time.


'cause there was no reason to shoot that woman. But once again, Amy, you're absolutely right, but we've had these conversations a million times. We've talked about eliminating qualified immunity. How do we make these things act actually happen? We've talked about You know getting the George Floyd Policing Act passed, but what do we do to press to make this legislation type legislation happen? That's what I'm saying. That's what I want to know. I'm just disgusted by the whole thing. He, he even was like, man, that bitch was crazy. Even in the video of them telling him that, I mean him lying on her saying that she came at him with the water, just The way he was talking about her like You know, like headshot A bitch was crazy. Nah, don't, don't get the kid You know headshot. She's, she's dead. I'll shoot you in the effing face.


Who talks to people? Like, And then they had to know her like you said Charla, they asked her this wasn't their first encounter with her. Absolutely. Because he's like, are you okay mentally? Like, and she said she took her meds. You know. So, and Even saying to be as crazy afterwards like that lets me know. He know you knew her. Yeah. So I just don't know what it is we can do. Yeah, because Everybody's gonna move on except for that family. Alright. Except For The family. Well, thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


At public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mitre.org/careers.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chason featuring Megan Trainor out this Friday. I'm saying goodbye Because I'm done. You, I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to chase him for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land You know what they say. Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com available To players in the us, excluding Washington and Michigan. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus turns and condition supply.


We are the voice of nascar. The green flag is in the air and we are underway. The Great American race, The Motor Racing Network, NASCAR Cup, Xfinity and Craftsman Truck Series Racing Live on your hometown radio station and MRN or nascar.com Martinsville Talladega. The Chicago Street course. We have the side-by-Side action and last lap passes. For the win photo Finishes, Ryan Blaney will wins the voice of nascar, the Motor Racing Network.