
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moon roof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Every Tried to tackle a home improvement project without making 10 trips to Home Depot. What if I told you there's a way to earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app with Drop. You can earn free gift cards by shopping in store or online at Home Depot and tons of other stores. Download the Drop app today and use Code Drop three three to get an instant $5 in points. That's drop your Go-to for shopping rewards.


Step into The World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm going To make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get Mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for Me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome To the family VDW Group. No purchase necessary. Avoid where? Prohibited by loss. He terms and conditions. 18 plus


DONKEY. Say it again y'all man. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, DONKEY. You're a DONKEY Don. Everything and Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes. DONKEY today for Thursday, July 11th goes to a Philadelphia man named Gary Miles. Now, I was gonna do this story today to raise awareness to this individual because it seemed like he was gonna still be on the run for his crime. But a day after Philadelphia police and Meek Mill asked for the public's help in finding this f freaky ass negro, he has turned himself in. See, this man did something very diabolical at a Dollar Tree sidebar. Why do they still call the Dollar Tree? The Dollar Tree. What the hell is a dollar in the Dollar Tree?


The average price point in Dollar Tree is a buck 25 and the max price of an item is $7. Another sidebar, Jess hilarious. Still steals outta Dollar General, but that's a story for another day. You got a mouthful of Captain Crunch. You can't even reply right now. Okay? Alright, let's get back to this freaky ass John named Gary Miles. Now Gary Miles walked into a Dollar Tree in southwest Philly with a T-shirt on that had a picture of a candy cane with the words it's not going to lick itself. Gary got a weird shirt. Why is he around? Okay, well it could lick itself. Well, if it could lick itself then Gary probably wouldn't have committed the crime he committed because Gary has been charged with indecent assault.


Would you like to know what Gary did? Let's go to Fox 29 Philadelphia for the report please. This Justin, the man police say sexually assaulted a woman at a South Philly Dollar Tree store has turned himself in the attack gaining national attention. Even rapper Meek Mill tweeting today that he would award $2,000 to the person who finds him. Police identified him as 30 5-year-old Gary Miles. His surrender happening after disturbing video circulated on social media appearing to show the end of the assault. It happened at the store located at Snyder Plaza on East Snyder Street on June 23rd. Police say a mugshot will be released once charges are officially filed.


Masturbating on a woman in a dollar tree is absolutely the pure definition of a cheap thrill. Now there is a video, as you heard the woman say that shows the end of the assault. I'm gonna play this audio because I want you to hear the pure terror in this lady's voice so you understand why I believe Gary needs a taste of his own poison. Let's listen. He fucking you gonna help bitch? Oh my God, Jesus on my dad. Never in the history of Philadelphia has someone deserved to be called a nut ass nigga more than Gary Mouse.


Okay, of all the places to celebrate Palm Sunday, you decide to do it in a Dollar Tree on a person. No need to bring out the caution wet floor signs because your perverted punk decided to ejaculate on a random woman. I totally agree with Meek Mill putting a $2,000 bounty on his head top, not to kill him, but to simply bring him to justice. Okay? And if he got roughed up in the process. So what? At some point the community has to police the community. And if this man can go in idolatry and intentionally put homemade jerk sauce on some unsuspecting John, then he can intentionally get hands and feet put on him. Okay? You dudes be running around here doing things to women as if these women don't have any men in their life.


Women have fathers, brothers, uncles, husbands, boyfriends, friends who love them and who will beat your ass for them. Ask yourself if beating your baby maker on a stranger in idol idolatry is worth getting your ass beat for beating your baby maker on a stranger in idolatry. Okay? You really have to give people like this a taste of their own poison. Gary needs a taste of his own poison. Gary Miles needs a taste of his own poison. Seriously? Okay, we have to start getting medieval with some of these creeps because that's the only way folks are gonna learn. We say smart people learn from their own mistakes wise people learn from the mistakes of others. So let's instill some wisdom. I believe Gary Miles should have to have a healthy diet of cock chowder while in prison.


Okay? At least. Okay? Every day for 30 days straight. He should have to get some knuckle babies splashed on his leg in the same spot he did it to that poor young lady. I prefer he has to eat the baby gravy of random inmates. That's what I prefer. Okay? Now we can mix it into things, right? He doesn't have to eat it raw, but he should be forced to see the love liquor go into his food and then he has to eat it. Don't feed him nothing else. He will resist that first, but then eventually he gonna get hungry and the peanut pudding gonna be right there waiting for him when he does. Okay? I got the whole menu for Gary Miles peanut butter and jelly slung sandwiches, throat yogurt on Fridays. We gonna have happy hour from five to six.


All you can drink penis coladas. That is the only way folks like Gary will learn. And Gary is gonna say, this isn't right. Why y'all doing this to me? Well, guess what? That's exactly what that young lady in Dollar Tree was thinking. That's exactly how she felt. It wasn't right. Why you doing that to her? We don't have no remorse for you. Gary, sit down, take a sip of his penis and be quiet. Please Let Remy ma give Gary Miles the biggest Heehaw Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you Dumb? That's the only way they gonna learn. That's the only way they gonna learn. Yo, I felt like you didn't see this man like jerking off before he, because it don't you.


You don't just go out. I mean, I don't have a a penis, but I'm just saying I know it doesn't work like that. You just can't spray semen like you Spider-Man. Like did you not, was there a buildup? Did you see him jerk Off? Or maybe he was behind I I thought about that too. Like unless he's just like Y'all are victim blaming right Now. I'm just curious. Like for you. No, no. Was he behind the aisle? He probably was behind an aisle looking at her and then right before completion oh out he ran out. 'cause then he ran out right after. Okay. Because that was just like, nah, it don't work like that. He ain't You know semen, Spider-Man like You. know what I'm saying? But no, I'm not victim blaming. I just wanted to know did she see, Just ask the question did Before he decided the internet is definitely gonna say you're victim blaming.


She asked the question's about the internet. It's about Meek Mill trying to bring this man to justice. You was like Meek. He came for his location. He didn't even say your tournament. He said where he at right now? About to come to him. He turned Himself and he said, I ain't messing with Philly. Right, right. Well thank you for that John. That's crazy. Meek Mill activated all the semen chasers to go find this man. He couldn't wait to jump on that team. The cream chases as a whole. The Cream chases the chases. Oh my Goodness. They found him though. That Gonna say we we picking on me. Leave Me alone, man. Oh my gosh. I be trying to be serious man. No you don't. The cream chases is No you don't. No you don't.


Well DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club,


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hello. It is Ryan and we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses that your brighten new day low actually a lot. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary B permit by loss. Sea terms and conditions, 18 plus@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA And. I C, not a bank, not investment advice.


During the summer when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your couch. With the AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing picks from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at t 5G. At Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


This is Dr. Joy Harden Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. There are millions of books on Amazon, so there's a reading feeling for everyone. So if you're after that excited haha, feeling like when you discover you have a lot in common with Vikings or something, Amazon has books for you, or maybe you enjoy the sort of nervous haha that comes when the hero barely escapes the zombies. Or maybe you like the smug that comes when the villain gets what he deserves. You know Amazon has it all. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.