
Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you, And for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service. And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And staying in the know there's nothing Like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. It, we thankfully AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you. And your family or a product That makes sense for you. And your lifestyle. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way It looks. It looks almost Like a earring, you know, so I feel Like. I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel Like I, always look Like. I'm on holiday. I just really Like playing around with It And tying It to the music. So know I, really feel Like. The music I'm making right now feels Like a holiday. So I wanna look Like It too. Check out boz.com for more Moments. Like


seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more I. Take Ibrance palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, And, liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite.


Hey Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And Young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I Am so glad. That UNCC are here. And, Georgie AT a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And, Mandy's first marriage Premier CBS Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount Plus


It's time for don't give of the day, it's the read. But you're so good. It If, you trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne you only one charlamagne above char damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to? Now We sexy Red Donkey. Today for Tuesday, October 15th goes to a Cobb County sheriff named Craig Owen Senior. Now I want the record to show That I believe in body cameras on police officers. Why do I believe in body cameras on police officers Because of transparency? And evidence. Okay, body cameras provide an objective record of police interactions with we the people, okay, which can help build trust. And accountability or It can make us distrust officers more because oftentimes we see police doing us dirty on the body. Cameras And, there's still no accountability.


Even though as I said before, body cameras are supposed to serve as evidence because body camera footage can be used to verify witness And officer testimony And as evidence in criminal cases. But more often than not, the footage doesn't lead to anything happening to officers criminally. Okay, It helps folks get paid in civil cases sometimes. You know what? I just changed my mind. I have no idea why I believe in body cameras, but I would rather police officers wear them anyway. But today is a prime example of why body cameras don't really change anything because some police officers simply don't care. And Craig Owen Sr. Is an officer who doesn't care because Craig Owen Sr. Is an abuser of power. Okay? He is going to abuse That power regardless of who's watching And.


That's exactly what Craig Owens senior did. Abuse power. See, abusers always want to have It their way. And, one of the greatest places to have It your way is Burger King is That still. Burger King slogan. you have to forgive me. I was born in 1900, And 78. So when I think my way, I think Burger King. Frank Sinatra, And Usher. So kids If, you have no idea what uncle's currently talking about. Ask your mother, And your father, but have It your way was the slogan for Burger King back in the day? I don't know what Burger King's slogan is now, but Craig Owen And senior is an old head, a sheriff who abused his power because he went to Burger King And. He was highly upset, That, he couldn't have things his way. See Craig Owen And senior went to Burger King And, he ordered a whopper.


No mayonnaise cut in half. And we Burger King got his order wrong. And after Burger King got his order wrong. This is what Sheriff Craig Owen Senior decided to do. Let's go to WSB T, T v Atlanta for the report please. You are watching from the vantage point of three Cobb County deputies who showed up after Sheriff Craig Owens called them to Burger King. Hey, Do me a favor. All I need is the owner name. And, whoever owned this damn facility, other Manager, he tells the deputies Burger King staff got his order wrong. I Want order her no Mayo can have right Three deputies go to the door. And, they were so concerned. That, they lock the doors. Staff give the deputies names And.


They bring It out to the sheriff. The video is from 2023. Sheriff Craig Owens is running for reelection this year. And, his opponent, David Cavender first posted It online overnight. I think It is an abuse of power. McDonal Enger is running as chief Deputy And called It intimidation. And a waste of resources if I don't get ketchup on my whopper, do I get to call police officers with sirens? The sheriff argues he never told staff his position in power. And never asked deputies to do anything they would not do for anyone else. I didn't Tell you who I would? No I just told him. It was the guy out in the Truck if he did That for Burger King. Imagine what he would do for Chick-fil-A sheriff Craig Oign went to Burger King ordered the Whopper.


No mayonnaise cut in half. And when they got his order wrong, he called back up. He called his deputies to pull up to get the manager's information. There's nothing I love more than the audacity of humans. We are a ridiculous species. Okay? No wonder aliens hide from us. you know how when you don't want to be seen, you don't wanna speak to nobody, you just try to creep in. And creep out. Try to stay low. That's how extraterrestrials treat us. And I. Don't blame them. Okay? This is the sheriff, the boss, the chief law enforcement officer. If aliens came back, And said, take me to your leader. This is one of the people they would take them to in Cobb County. Okay? This man is a chief law enforcement officer for a county And. He didn't get his whopper. No Mayo cut in half.


So he called his deputies Cobb County. Y'all must be the safest place in America. Okay? If this is a pressing issue for your sheriff, I mean there must not be no real crimes being committed. And, Cobb County ca Capstone climb trees anymore. Nobody Pig got out the pin. No goats wandering to Cobb County streets. Huh? you mean to tell me That things are so sweet in Cobb County, That, an officer can call deputies to a Burger King just so he can get the manager's name because they didn't get his order right. This man done traumatized the whole staff of Burger King employees. They And the Burger King, locking the door, scared the death. 'cause they don't know why y'all coming in here. So deep And. Y'all coming in there deep because your leader didn't get a whopper. No mayo cut in half.


Even That for cheese, bro. You know why you didn't ask for cheese too. Because you lactose intolerant Like me That cheese will bring you bows to a complete stop. And give you a little dairy pimple or two. So I, feel your pain. And I really don't have anything left to say here, except for let's play a game of guess what race. Alright, Cobb County Sheriff Craig Owen s Senior called his deputies for backup because he didn't get his whopper. No Mayo cut in half. DJ Envy. Guess what? Race. Race. What's his name again? Craig Owens Senior. Hmm Hmm. That's the middle one. Craig. Hey Craig, let's go White.


Lauren LaRosa. Cobb County Sheriff. Craig Owens senior called his deputies for backup because he didn't get his Whopper And no Mayo cut in half. Guess what races I. Think I'm go White too. We DJ Envy And. Lauren LaRosa I am here to tell you That, both of you are absolutely positively a hundred percent wrong. Wow. See you Senior sheriff Craig I don't know too. Huh? I, the senior I was Like That. That sounds very I felt. Like. Southern Baptist I felt Like. Black people would've went to probably Like Chick-fil-A McDonald's Burger King Steal Sheriff The spot. First of all, nah, don't I ain't tell you what He is yet.


Oh. you right, you're right, you're right. My bad. Sheriff Craig Owen Sr. Is black. Damn Damn down. But this clearly wasn't another moment. Okay, Niggas going Please give Sheriff Craig Owen Sr. The biggest hee-haw. Please. Lemme Tell you something about Sheriff Craig. Owen S he's up for reelection. Go And. If I'm in Cobb County, I'm not reelecting him until You know the rest of his order. Okay? A whopper cut in half with no mayo is great. But back in the day, I would get an original chicken sandwich from Burger King with cheese.


Okay? Fries, And a chocolate milkshake. Whoppers hit too. Okay? But before I was lactose And intolerant. I would get That Whopper with cheese. Okay? Extra pickles. All right. Fries a chocolate milkshake. Milkshake actually used to Like. Onion rings. Onion Rings. know And the onion ring Sauce. know I. Don't Like the chicken sandwich. The long chicken sandwich makes It Like a Like A hogie That is, that's the original chicken sandwich. Thats the one I'm chicken sandwich I. Don't That. Put a little cheese on It That what I'm talking about also cats. Mayo Cats do still get stuck in trees. I was looking It up Oh really? That Was one in Harlem. And you how get dip Harlem Cat stuck in a tree for five days in Harlem. Damn. you gotta dip those fries in the milkshake too. That's the, some people get a Hershey pie, some people get onion rings, know some people get the the chicken fries.


I have to hear a person's whole order. So I would encourage the good folks of Cobb County to find out what Sheriff Craig Owens senior whole order is before you cast your votes in the next election. Alright, that's my advice to you. We thank you for That Donkey today. Sir. And And That And That. That's crazy. you Like That. That original chicken sandwich was banging though, right? Yes. It was absolutely. Describe It again. What'd you say? Chicken? Nah, you said something up. know everybody heard It in the room. All, all the guys in the room up. you said And. you said It. you said You said long. you And be long. You did. you said That. I just told you what you said. Go every, you said Dr. Alfie Breland Noble will be joining us. you Probably holding with two hands If you. Why you can't say long? What I said? you Asking you even That original chicken sandwich, don't you? The long The with you And.


The long You Scared. Why the long I scared Basket weaving is That. Yours? That. What you do? You basket weaving That original chicken sandwich. Tell the truth bro. What does That mean? That. Why you single? That's why you single. you Google It. Google It, I. That's why you single And. That's crazy. Me And him say That. AT the same time. Google It Dr. Re Nova will be junior. We'll talk to her. Next. It is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning It said to


Draw Donkey today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull La And Soft. Don't be a donkey when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com And. When you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake That ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And. Young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am so glad. That, you And C. C are here. And, Georgie AT A girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS. Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount plus


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT high five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five. casino.com. I five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void or prohibited. Play responsibly terms And condition Supply. See website for details. AT high, the number five. casino.com. High five Casino.


Hey guys, It is Ryan. I'm not sure If, you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can I Like to work, but I Like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. S Shamba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free And each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now. AT chumba casino.com Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms, And conditions apply.


One In three women And. One in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime. And. nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors And, their pets can escape And heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. know deli me crispy quesadillas or crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell It. Heads up If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. Mm, So crispy Like. Barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli me crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.