
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t. Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four Detail


Welcome to The World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day, you can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Bose ultra open earbuds, own the gift game and go to bs.com/iheart to shop the best deals.


Now Did she get Don any names? Please tell Me. Absolutely. I had Become DONKEY Of the Day. The Breakfast. Club Bitches we're DONKEY. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, November the 12th goes to a 20-year-old young man named Alexander Rodriguez. Okay, sidebar. Do Dominicans even attempt to name their kids something else? Like I know Rodriguez is a very common surname, but after Arod came out and became the great Hall of Fame player that he is the Dominicans with the last name Rodriguez. Even think to name Nick Kid. Something different. Even the young ladies get named Alex, but discuss among yourselves. Now, Alexander Rodriguez comes from a beautiful city called Miami, Florida, dropping the clues bombs for everybody who listens to us on 1 0 3 5 to beat in Miami.


What does Y Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx of in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Just hilarious. Hmm? You like to cook? I do. As you eat right now? Yes. How do you feel about people? Talking, Over, The, Food. You are cooking. How? How do you, how do you feel about that? You don't Know what's going on in the back of somebody's throat. So don't ever cough, You know. Talk over my food. It's just like coughing because you just, you don't know the last time they brush their teeth, if they floss anything. Yeah. So that is like a big pet peeve. A pet peeve of mine. How do you handle those people when they're Talking, Over, The, Food. You are cooking. I give them the food and then I put them out. Got you. Gotcha, gotcha, Gotcha. But you can't be around me like that. Everything you just said sounds quite logical to me.


And that is the way a person with high emotional intelligence would handle it. But Alexander Rodriguez did not, does not have high emotional IQ because he was in the kitchen cooking and his brothers started chatting over the cuisine. And Alexander Rodriguez, well, let's just say he ended up in jail. See, Alex was arrested on charges of attempted felony murder and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. Why? Well, when the detectives interviewed Rodriguez, he said he was cooking. Right? Sson Sasan. That's what it's called. sson. SS Sson and Goya on everything. Okay. Probably cooking Fungal. Okay. What? And that's how you pronounce it. What is it called? Al. Okay. And his brother came in. Talking, Over.


The. Food. And You know he a Dominican man. So he was just going off. Let me hear how Dominican men sound. He's Going crazy. Hey, No. How You know that was Dominican. How You know that man is Dominican You know Dominicans stand close together while they talking to each other and they speak very quickly. Like we've all witnessed the Cardi B rant. You know. Okay, we know how, how fast those words come out when, when they go off. We've seen DJ Envy get upset and how fast he starts talking. I'm not Dominican. Okay? Dominicans get to speaking faster than Japanese people. They start swallowing all their syllables, dropping the letter S at the end of words.


And Alex said the brother irritated him with all that. You can hear that right? Like this wouldn't irritate you. Play it again. Ready? And you, you got your Al. You You know I don know I'm not Dominican. You do know. Stop looking at me. Okay. For a Dominican to tell another Dominican you are talking is irritating me. My God. I can only imagine how that span was traveling at the speed of light. Now they must have been arguing And. I. Believe we all know. Well, at least the stereotype is that Dominicans are quick to stab you. Okay, well, You know my motto. It's not a stereotype if it's true. So Alex Rodriguez's brother was Talking Over, The Food irritating Alex. And there was a kitchen knife nearby.


And Alex said he was worried his brother would grab the knife. So he grabbed it first and he stabbed his brother in the neck. When the brother took off running, Rodriguez followed him and cut him on his arm and face. The brother survived all praises due to God. And when officers arrived, they found him holding clothes on his wounds and he was taken to the hospital where he is now in stable condition. Now, some DONKEY days just sell themselves. There is never a reason to stab somebody unless it's in self-defense. Or if you're protecting someone you love. And there's absolutely never a reason to stab somebody over food. And there's, oh God, what? And there's never, there's never a reason to stab someone because you're talking over your food. I object, your honor. Oh, Mac, big Mac is in the room yet.


Okay. Alright. See that. That it's always from skinny people. They, y'all don't understand. You absolutely have to stab somebody for talking over your food. Jesus. Why? Nobody eat no spit and grits spit. Crazy. Jesus. What? I look like ordering hot cakes and hot breath. Mm. I'm gonna be so upset. Okay? If I, if you see me in a BLT. BLT stands for bruh, lay off talking. Relax. Crazy What They had. S. S and saliva. That's disgusting. Sal. Sal and saliva. Nobody wants that. I I I disagree back. What you mean you disagree? That's because see, imagine and And Charlemagne is a talker. Imagine him saying on 'em s words over you.


Right? You right, you right you right now. You right. Messed up the whole meal forever that I said you stabbed. Okay. A slap maybe, but a stabbed. I see the S right now I just see all over my food. It's tough already. Please let Remy ma give Alex Rodriguez the biggest. He haw Heehaw. Jesus Heehaw you stupid mother. Are you dumb? And they were brothers. Yeah, brothers man. He stabbed him in his neck. In his neck. And then ran. And then ran after. And he was Spanish. Cut him on his own. Dominican. Dominican, all that fast talk You know his breath was stinking. Yes. His breath was humming over the hummus. It's just $2 Dominicans out there and drop What now?


Salute to all of them. That's messed up. No Ola to all my Dominicans out there. That's crazy. Did I say that right? What you mean all my ain't Ola Ola. That's your family. That's not, I'm not Dominican man. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba. Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void web, prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I, I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also send me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com. High Five Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at hi the number five Casino dot com. High five Casino.


Oh hi. This is Chelsea Handler from the Dear Chelsea podcast. This episode is brought to you by O Pill, the first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the us. I love shedding light on what's important for women's healthcare. And one thing that makes healthcare easier is making birth control more convenient to access. Well, let me introduce O Pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus there's no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over a sentence. I very much enjoy saying this is our moment to take control of our health and reproductive journeys. Because O Pill is birth control in your Control O Pill is available online and at most major retailers used. Code O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C-O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.