
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva. Charlemagne. Say the game. Dunk it other Sha you are a DONKEY. It's time for Don't Give. The Today DONKEY of the Today does not discriminate. I might not have the song today, but I got the DONKEY day. So if you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY today, the The Breakfast Club bitches Who's don't give the day today. Well, ed Sharon, don't give today for Monday, May 19th goes to Donald Trump Jr. Now if you haven't heard, president Joe Biden was diagnosed with an aggressive form of prostate cancer that is spread to his bones. For more on that, let's go to M-S-N-B-C for the report please. Former President Joe Biden announcing he has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of prostate cancer.


In a statement his office announcing Biden was seen last week for a new finding of a prostate nodule after experiencing increasing urinary symptoms on Friday, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer, which has spread to his bones. The cancer characterized with a Gleason score of nine, which medical experts say indicates the cancer cells are likely to grow when spread rapidly. His office noting while this represents a more aggressive form of the disease, the cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective management At 82. Biden was the oldest sitting president when he left office in January, dropping outta the 2024 race amid concerns over his age and health. Oh, that wasn't M-S-N-B-C.


That was Good Morning America. Listen, I don't care what your politics are, I'm no fan of Joe Biden, but I don't wish cancer in any form on anyone. Okay? You either sin healing energy or you don't. Anything else is pointless. Well, Donald Trump Jr. Decided to be pointless. Okay? He first reposted a message saying, politics aside, we wish a speedy recovery. He reposted that and put agree a hundred percent, but that lasted about three hours. Okay? Three hours later he posted this message. What I want to know is how did Dr. Jill Biden miss stage five metastatic cancer? Or is this yet another coverup? He wrote that as he reposted a message declaring from a doctor is highly likely that Biden was diagnosed as president and didn't tell the nation.


Listen, full disclosure, I thought the same thing, but I'm not a doctor. Okay? I thought to myself, prostate exams are pretty common. I went to get a vasectomy consultation back in 2023 and ended up getting a prostate exam. Okay? I had my annual physical last week and they drew my blood for a prostate exam. So my point is prostate exams are pretty common. So I was just thinking to myself, how does a person who sees the doctor on the regular Mr. Early stages of prostate cancer, how was your first diagnosis aggressive and spread to the bone? That's where my mind went. But once again, I'm not a doctor, okay? So I don't know. And the best thing when you don't know is just to shut the F up. Because when you don't know, when you ask questions that aren't coming from a good place or, or make statements that aren't coming from a good place, you end up sounding like Donald Trump Jr.


First of all, Dr. Jill Biden, Biden's wife has a doctorate in education. Okay? She's not a medical doctor, so I could easily see why she would miss it because she's not a medical doctor. Checking for it. Okay, Dr. Jill Biden's educational doctorate is for those seeking leadership roles in education. Okay? That's what a a, a educational doctorate is for those seeking leadership roles in education. And MD is a medical degree that prepares individuals to practice medicine and diagnose, treat and prevent diseases. That's the difference, okay? For anyone who like Donald Trump Jr. Doesn't know any better, okay? Donald Trump Jr. Thinks Dr. Dre can do knee surgery. Alright? Donald Trump Jr.


Thinks Dr. Seuss was a licensed pediatrician. He also said, how do you miss stage five metastatic cancer? Metastatic means cancer that is spread. Well, there is one problem with that statement. There is simply no such thing as stage five cancer. It doesn't go hide in four game, okay? I know every oncologist in America screamed in unison like it was a hard movie when they heard that. Stage four is the highest it goes. There is no stage five cancer. This is not Dragon Ball Z. You don't just keep leveling up past the final boss. Okay? That's not how oncology works. Donald Trump Jr. Probably thinks Stage six is when the cancer starts voting Democrat. Okay? Don Junior probably thinks WebMD is a liberal conspiracy and that board certified just means someone is good at monopoly.


Okay? Four is the highest he goes. Four is cancer that is spread through distant parts of the body for the record. Three is cancer that is spread through lymph nodes and nearby tissue. Two is cancer that has grown more deeply into nearby tissue. One is a small tumor that hasn't spread and zero is cancer cells found in their earliest forms. Come on, Donald Trump Jr. If you're going to be nasty, at least be nasty in a somewhat smart way. Okay? The question you was asking is a valid one. All you could have just reposted to doctor you reposted and left it at that he reposted Dr. Steven Quay, I think his last name is who said prostate cancer is the easiest cancer to diagnose when it first starts and to watch it progress to bone metathesis.


I know I'm pronouncing that wrong. He said it would be malpractice for this patient to show up and first be diagnosed with metastatic disease in May, 2025. Okay? It is highly likely he was carrying a diagnosis of prostate cancer throughout his White House tenure. And the American people were uninformed about it. It was perfectly fine. Donald Trump Jr. To repost that and leave it at that. Let everybody fuss and argue amongst themselves. But you decided to put some sauce on it and ended up sounding like a devil damn fool. Please give Donald Trump Jr. To Big Seahawk. You gonna shoot. You gotta shoot smartly. At least. At least you, I didn't even know that Donald Trump had a a junior.


Yeah, didn't, I didn't know that. I know he had a son. I just didn't know that Joe was a junior. It's crazy. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today, sir. Yes indeed. Now we're gonna open up the phone lines. Clear your mind. Clear your mind, clear your mind. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever lost a friendship because of a new relationship? Mm, that is the question. 805 8 5 1 5 1. That's why you waddling here just now. I I'm not waddling Taylor. Happy belated born day Taylor. Thank You. Now Taylor, one of our producers who is, is pregnant right now. She hasn't I Much pregnant to you, Taylor. Seven about go. Yes. Salute the big P. Yeah, they, They hating on you 'cause you got a little birthday, so none you, 'cause you done started a family.


So what happened? Taylor? What happened? Taylor? Oh, Put these Hoes so I can go blast them right now. Put these hoes on. Blast Taylor. Who are They? Alright, so long story short, I had a friend, long time friend who once I got into this relationship, and especially 'cause I got pregnant so fast, she was not that supportive from the jump And I think more so Peyton as Heffer. Yeah. But I think more so because she's Single. That's another basically. Yeah. Yeah. So y'all used to go out, y'all used to do things together. Y'all used to go on vacations and trips and go to brunches and clubs and go see Kendrick Lamar together and now you don't take her, you take your boo.


Yeah, She feels Away as you Should, but I think she, And I think it was just more so she didn't like the change of it. And from that, she, it all happened when he wanted to throw me a surprise party and how she, We ain't got time for them because usually she throws the party, but now he wants to come in there and and and jump on what she usually does. And yeah, he wanted to pick the DJ and where the venue was and the colors to doing all that. We don't care about them. Single family. Let's have 805, 8, 5 1, 5 1. Have you ever lost a friend because of your new relationship? Now you got a new boo and people don't know how to act no more because this happened to you. You damn right. You gonna tell me a story when you come back?


Yes. There's a bunch of clowns out there. Okay. Right. All we'll get to it. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now That's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Yoan, are you ready? It's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories, plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the K factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go, let's go, let's go.


I found out I was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.