
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Welcome To Pot of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Ren, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter Six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew stowaway moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, Zar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts From.


The producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows A lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like it. You like Me? He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. You can do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why would you do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance, But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline De listen as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a Con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I just wanted to know how you came up with the DONKEY. You I'm, what did I Don DONKEY hit? That is why Charlemagne is here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say on The Breakfast Club in the words of Charlamagne, God, he's a DONKEY that, oh man, Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY today to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Friday, April 4th goes to Tom Ross. Tom Ross is the mayor of a North, North Dakota city.


And before we continue, I need you to know it's Friday. So you know what that means, right? Nb? It's freaky. Freaky, freaky Friday. Hey, the reason I'm telling you this is because Tom Ross is fam and by fam Emini here, a freaky ass man. Okay? I want all the beautiful working class people out there listening to my voice to think about what do you usually do on your lunch break? Okay, most folks go get something to eat, right? Most folks try to get a quick nap. In more recent years, I've heard people say they even take the time to meditate, do some breath work. But some people like to do something that starts with an m and half, three syllables, but it's not meditate, it's masturbating. I can see people doing it for stress reduction, and that's why as I've gotten older, I don't be shaking everybody hand, okay?


I give pounds because folks be out here going, you know, on Call of Duty solo missions on their lunch breaks and coming back in the workplace. Like that's just mayonnaise from a tuna sandwich on their thumb. And that's the story with Tim Ross. Okay? Would you like to hear more? Yes. Let's go to KX News for the report please. Minot Mayor Tom Ross has now resigned. This comes after an internal investigation was conducted after Minot City attorney Stephanie Sta Heim submitted a sexual harassment complaint. KX News obtained the full investigative report. The report states on the morning of January 14th, Ross called Sta Heim to inform her that an officer with Minot Police had died 11 minutes after that phone call, the report states that she received a text message from Ross with a video attached to it.


Ross then called Sta Heim asking her not to watch the video and simply delete it, saying it was intended for Ross's girlfriend. The report says she was under distress after hearing of the officer's passing, then being told by the mayor to delete a message. Just 11 minutes later she was being consoled by other colleagues and Stahl Heim then tried to delete the video, but accidentally hit play. It was a sexually explicit video of Ross. Ross has since resigned as mayor just after three o'clock this afternoon. Now, Tom put out a statement and he said, I do take responsibility for this mistake as if anyone else could take responsibility as if it was anyone else's fault. It's your penis, your hand. Nobody was buffing your browser but you, okay?


You open that self-care app yourself. You swiped right, solo. Who else could take responsibility? Tom? What else I found funny was when he said, I tried to immediately correct it and was unable. What does that even mean? You can't uny yourself. Do you mean you tried to unsend the picture but the person you sent it to didn't have an iPhone? Is that what that was? Oh damn. What do you mean? What do you mean? You tried to correct it but was unable you were engaging and gentlemanly. Jousting. Okay. By the way, nothing wrong with that, but it's a time and a place for everything. And on your lunch break isn't the place nor the time. And what makes this story extra funny is he sent it to Stephanie, stall him, who's the city attorney? You just heard the news report and she told investigators she had just spoken to Ross about a police officer's passing.


Okay, just minutes before she received a video of the mayor doing the five finger shuffle, she told the mayor that a police officer had just transitioned, had just passed away. And he responded by sending a video of him making the bald man cry yogurt. Can you imagine? Okay, I told you about an officer passing away and you send me a video of you making tartar sauce rainbows. I prayed Tom didn't, you know, hang up with her and tell her I'm gonna send you something to lift your spirits or send you something to put things in perspective. You searching for a Maya Angelou video and end up sending a video of you Hulk smashing your song. Today's Maya Angelou's birthday. But I was wondering Why you brought her into this.


She was on my spirit. I think it's her, it's her birthday, right? Yes. Okay, now for the record, Tom didn't mean to blow the horn and send the video of him making Pearl Jam to Stephanie. He heard the news report. He meant to send something structure to his girlfriend, but mistakes happened and he sent the video of him making some beef str beef stroking off to the wrong person. Okay? Stephanie filed an official harassment complaint as she should have. She asked for a formal apology from the mayor, which she got, and she requested that he consider resigning, which he did. Listen, man, this is why I just believe some things just have to be done the old fashioned way and things that you do in your bedroom, in the privacy of your own residence should stay there.


Everything isn't for digital consumption. Everything isn't, you know, to share on smartphones. Do we even call private parts private anymore? We should get back to that. Do we have to record and share every single damn thing nowadays, especially intimate moments like that. I don't know who needed to hear this today, but your phone is not a safe space. Never has been, never will be. Especially if you got social media. A safe space last time I checked was a place where you can be yourself without fear of judgment or punishment. Can't find that place on your phone. A safe space is a place where you can be alone. You know, if you want, not when you seeking comfort and validation from social media.


A safe, a safe space is populated with things that can make you happy and satisfied you not finding none of that on your phone. So why would you share some of your most intimate moments with this device? Please give Mayor Tom Ross of North Dakota the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, now You are the DONKEY of the day. You the doggy of the day. Heehaw, you, You hidden folders. Not a safe space. I don't think so.


I don't know why we so comfortable with our, with our smartphones. I really don't, I don't like that. Like A lot even acted like a calculator. That's really not a calculator. I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't, I I I don't Know what you don't know. Is that fair? Is what? Oh, God is what? Fair way. Is that fair? What is what Fair Dominican make If I'm playing with, with my one eye snake, right? Little, Little pocket pinball And I send it to my wife. Yeah. And instead of typing gear, I type charla by accident. And you get it. Now I get fired. I didn't mean to send it to you. It wasn't my intention to send it to you. I made a mistake.


And because you get it, you're gonna go to human resources and now I gotta resign because you see me playing with my one eye snake by accident. Is this you putting this on public record for a reason? What's going on here? I I I don't know if that's, it's not like he did it on purpose. It's not like I said, I'm gonna send Charlemagne my one, my one eye Willie and you know, he didn't, You got my instrumental in that, man. Y'all got my song y you know what I want to hear right now. Right? You know what I want, right? It's not, you know what I want? You got that, that man that is that really I'm sick of this. Is That really? I'm sick Of this. He didn't do it on Purpose. So the man loses his, he could, he could have been a great mayor. He wanted to send something sexy to his girlfriend. I'm sure you said something sexy to your boyfriend. Right? Period. Now let's say you sent it to Charlemagne by accident.


Oh what? Ew. Turn it up. We Go off and all that. Now Charlemagne sees that. Ew, he goes to human Resources. I'm going on this ride along and you Get fired. I'm going on this ride along And I'm gonna One house that's not, he didn't do it on Purpose. I'm going on one house. We need one person. If one person need To you go to that one house, you got a good being full. I, Hey, you know what? I taking The whole Family, you know what I saw this morning? All jokes aside, all jokes aside, I was behind a car, right? And I'm looking and people just kept getting out this car. It was a Hyundai Odyssey. All jokes aside, it was about how many people? It was about 10. I don't know. Who did you call Ice? No, it was about 10 Mexicans or something.


I don't literally, and they just kept getting out. I was like, y'all thought this only happened in movies? Yo, shut up Man. I don I thought this only happened at Envy's house. No, but all jokes aside, shut up man. All jokes aside, we need to detain you for a little bit. You know what? Just a little bit. You know what? Just a little bit. You Know what? A little razzle dazzle And I don't understand, I don't understand what anything that you say anymore. All, Hey, you was fragile. He a 69. God Make no sense. He don't want nobody to have no consequences. When they ask you, He made a mistake. Sure. People can't make mistake when you, you gotta, and and you know what he decided to do when he made his mistake? He decided to resign Because she asked him to. She was like, you should resign. Gimme an apology and you should resign. He felt like that was the right thing to do. Do. And You felt something else, huh? You Keep talking like, oh, Don't tell him that.


All right. Cory Booker like, relax. He Actually said Co booker Upright Dog Day. Up next. Keep going. Up next. I just wanna say, he actually said, the decision I made falls in line with all my work on behalf of the city of me note or whatever it's called. I put my heart and soul into this community. So he, he decided that was the honorable thing to do. I respect it. Yeah. 'cause he putting that heart and soul into all other places, You need to relax, John Hope Bryant, when we come back, don't move. It's the breakfast slow. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Welcome to Pot of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Zerka. Sabine Ren, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowaway moderator. Each Week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, Zar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app at Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts From.


The producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows A lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like you. You like me? He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. You can do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why would you do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance, But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline Demore. Listen, as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a Con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.