
What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to Obscura Invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us?


Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls, and then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listened to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


They gave me DONKEY of the Day And I deserve it. People need to know, well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day it read, But you're so good at You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. Only one Charlamagne damn Charlamagne who you give to DONKEY Day to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY Day for Friday, February 21st goes to Ashley. Ashley Cross. Ashley is a 37-year-old African American woman from Memphis, Tennessee. Okay? Salute to everyone who listens to us on K 97 in Memphis. Now, I'm sure that you all are aware by now that a lot of companies have rolled back their diversity, equity, And I include initiatives.


One of those companies is Walmart. Now, if you read my first book, black Privilege, and you know the Joy Walmart bought me as a child because when you grow up in the country like I did, salute amongst corner of South Carolina, drop on a clue, bumps from most corner of South Carolina. When you grow up in the country or rural area, the 24 hour Walmart is everything. Okay? That's where we would go late at night because there was nothing else to do. Yes, the good old days, walking the holy Grounds of Walmart, this was way back in the day when the only thing they were rolling back is prices. But a lot of people have called for a boycott of these companies, in particular Target, but Ashley Cross has decided that she is staging a one woman boycott of Walmart. Yes, in fact, Ashley is not gonna be shopping at Walmart and Period.


No Walmart in the country, none of 'em ever again. Okay? Do you have that kind of commitment to your boycott? Can you vow to never shop in an establishment ever again or a Scott Paper towel being 10 68 for 12 rows too great a deal to pass up? Well, if it is, then you can always do what Ashley did because it's guaranteed Ashley will never step foot in any Walmart ever again. And I lied. It's not because she's boycotting Walmart, it's actually because Walmart is boycotting her. What do you mean Uncle Sharla? Walmart is boycotting her. Well, let's go to news channel three for the report, please. Ashley Cross charged with criminal trespass and theft of merchandise is according to the police report, a well-known shoplifter at this Walmart on Elvis Presley Boulevard in Whitehaven, so well-known to Walmart, that crosses on an authorization of agency list, meaning she's banned from any Walmart location in the United States.


The Elvis Presley Boulevard store is where Cross and another suspect were arrested. February 10th Cross was seen using a device to scan her items for $1 at a self-checkout machine. Ashley Cross remains in jail on a $7,500 bond. She is due back in court February 19th, the suspect with cross received a misdemeanor citation for theft of property. Oh, she already went to court. I wonder what happened. Listen, I used to shoplift up until 2016. Okay? That's when I stopped shoplifting, but I didn't, you know, feel like I was stealing because I didn't Nine years ago? Yeah, about nine years ago. You had a little money nine years ago. Are you still stealing? I don't know, but I didn't feel like it was stealing because I didn't try to hide anything.


I would walk in and, you know, take what I want and just walk out. You only get caught when you look suspicious. Mm, you know? Plus, I never really stole anything but magazines. You know, when I was young, like black and mild, 12 packs of Bud Light, random stuff like that. But Ashley is clearly a kleptomaniac and she's good because she was using a barcode from an old watch battery to scan all her items for just $1 to self-checkout. I stand a creative thief, okay, y'all still stealing like Flintstones Ashley out here, like a Jetson with it, or maybe this is the normal way to shoplift. Now I don't steal anymore, so I wouldn't know, but Ashley stole 11 packs of ramen noodles, women's boots, a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, all totaling $137 and 34 cents.


Now, this woman was clearly stealing essentials, okay? These are reasonable things to steal. Ramen noodles, boots, clothes. I understand in America, I'm gonna tell you something you don't want to hear. There's gonna be a lot more of this. Why? Because during America's inflation crisis, Walmart was the spot, okay? You can get good deals, all types of essentials. But on yesterday, Walmart said things are about to get slow because consumers are growing increasingly frustrated with inflation and they're concerned about President Trump's tariff. Basically, folks been broke, and if people keep losing their jobs, they'll be broke. And if you are the reason, okay, people are losing their jobs like Elon Musk and Donald Trump are in regards to federal workers and you putting tariffs on items, not only do I not have a job, things are gonna be even more expensive.


So what am I gonna resort to doing? I'll tell you what people will resort to doing. Trying to survive and trying to survive can look like a number of things. And sometimes one of those things is shoplifting. I'm not making excuses for Ashley, I'm just telling America what the, what the inevitable is when you don't take care of the least of us. Nevertheless, Ashley crosses on Walmart's authorization of agency list, which prohibits her from entering any Walmart store across the country. I didn't know such a list existed, but Ashley is on it and she is currently, well, I don't even know if currently, but she was being held on a $7,500 bond probably still in there. She probably still in there because if you ain't had $134 to get these items from Walmart, you damn sure ain't got the $7,500 bond, all the 10% of $750 to get out.


But some DONKEY of the days just sell themselves. Please give Ashley Cross the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons, You DONKEY you the day. Yee. Alright, you know it is this, you feel bad for No, you don't feel bad for her. She's a repeat offender. She could have got a job Or maybe the first offense put something on her record and she couldn't get the job. That is true too, but she stole from there a lot.


Why wouldn't you switch it Up? All right, this gonna sound bad, but no, you ever, you ever be in self checkout and be feeling like I'm this, I shouldn't have to pay for this stuff. Like some of this stuff is owe to me. No. Like, maybe she felt like that. No, I don't, I don't feel that. Felt that I don felt like that. And that's what happens when you still wiggle. When you still wiggle. You know what I'm saying? You Huh? What? What happened? You snoring? Yeah. You so lucky you were stealing when your face was two different colors because they, they wouldn't have recognized you from me. Time. That Is true. That is very true. If you, if, if, if I'm on camera in 2016, that's not me. That's not true. Okay.


That is not me. All right. It's not the same person.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough.


Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


podcasts. This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Herein worse. Having brought us Cancellation Island where a second chance might just be your last listen


to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Emelia host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really, last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls, and then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.