
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The BS Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Police arrested an Orlando man for tacking a The Breakfast Club Bitchy DONKEY other day with Charlem Hane the Gun. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get Y'all like this. No Uba, it's not me, it's Florida. Okay DONKEY, today for Friday, December 6th goes to a Florida man named Anthony Mata. Now what does your Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now, today is also the breakfast club's born day. Okay, we turn 14 today. Drop on a cruise bond for The Breakfast Club, which means 14 years of DONKEY of the Day, five days a week. For 14 years I've been able to give someone the credit they deserve for being stupid, including me.


Okay, including Envy. Yes, because DONKEY of the Day does not discriminate. And the reason I'm bringing this up, because the great state of Florida has contributed to many of these, he haws and I'm grateful. Okay, thank you Florida. Thank you. Florida. Drop on a clues. Bombs for Florida. Alright. Florida is consistently Florida. Salute to the Sunshine State. Now Anthony Mata, like a lot of people, uses Craigslist. Craigslist allows his, allows his users to post and browse what? It's supposed to be classified advertisements. I don't know if they are because I don't use it. Anybody in here use Craigslist? No. Okay. No, not anymore. Oh, you used to use Craiglist. So they, they allow you to let your advertisements be classified? No. Oh, but I used to use Them. Okay, but Anthony is in jail right now because he posted an ad that said new to the area looking for ice or crack.


What now? Ice is meth. Oh right. I wouldn't expect you to know that unless you smoke it or sell it. And I think we all know what crack is. Let's go to Fox 22 News for the report please. A Florida man was arrested after his Craigslist post searching for crack was answered by an undercover investigator. The suspect identified as Anthony motto wrote in his post, new to the area looking for ice or crack. An investigator posed as a seller of the substance responded to the ad and set up a meeting with Mata. Mata negotiated to purchase an eight ball of methamphetamine for $80. After finalizing the deal, the investigator met Maa at an agreed upon location. But when the suspect and the undercover investigator exchanged money for the drugs, more deputies took action.


In an apprehended ma, you think motto was charged with the purchase of methamphetamine and unlawful use of a two-way communication device. His companion, Steven Hornsby, was also arrested for being a principle to the purchase of methamphetamine. I got drugs for sale back in the day Carlos Miller And I had a song we used to sing on set called I Got Drugs for Sale. Never in my life did I think people would actually be putting that on Craigslist and actually advertising that they got drugs for sale or they're looking for 'em. Now I have been asking law enforcement to do something for me for a long time and nobody is obliged. But I really want to sit with law enforcement and watch them when they find stories like this online. Okay, the F-B-I-D-E-A, local police, sheriff's officers, whatever it is, your job has never been easier.


How hard do you laugh when you come across stories like this? I wanna be around when y'all set up a crack trap. Okay? This is incredible. Lemme tell you something. I have a theory that humans truly don't know right from wrong anymore because of the internet. We see and hear some of the most heinous things done and spoke about online. So we don't know what's legal and illegal anymore. So to me, You know, buying ice and crack off Craigslist seems absurd, but not in this new digital world. I can totally see someone on Craigslist asking, is the meth and crack still available? Yes, but it's a package deal with an old DVD player. I'll even throw in breaking bad season one if you buy the meth off the Craigslist and, and, and if you are on Craigslist buying meth has gotta be cash.


No Venmo because don't nobody wanna pay no tax on crack. And what if the meth and crack for sale on Craigslist said slightly used? Slightly used? What does that mean? That means that somebody had it in a baggie got pulled over by the police. So they put it in their anus so cops couldn't find it. And so when they got searched, so it's slightly used because it's in the same baggie that was in his ass. So it's got a little stench to it, but it's cheaper than most meth and crack on the street. So why complain? Great deal. This is the problem we have normalized too much crack. Okay? Crack shouldn't have slogans. Meth shouldn't have slogans. It shouldn't be smoke, crack and chill. You know it shouldn't be slogans like meth in your mouth, not in your hands.


No. You on Craigslist talking about no low offers. I know what I got. Yeah, you got a felony waiting to happen. And that's exactly what Anthony got. Please let Chelsea handle, give Anthony Mata the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise And I tell you something man. Whoever came up with the word crack eight, Are we gonna play a game? Because what? You wanna play a game? Yeah. Oh, okay, all let's play a game then. Guess what? Racing today White. Not my goal. Could you, lemme give the clues again. I'm sorry. Okay. Anthony Mata White. I'm sorry, Anthony Mata of Florida bought meth.


Well put up an advertisement looking for meth in crack on Craigslist. Guess what? Race races. Jess Alaris. We'll start with you because Envy wants to rush, Right? Caucasian. The what? What? Caucasian. Oh, I thought you said Crack. Crack. Okay. Right. DJ Envy. Yes. Anthony Mata what? White, white, white. Anthony Mata from Florida. Okay guys, I don't even know why we did this. Of course, of course, right? These is capital ride white. Okay, capital ride White. Look at they mugshot. All right. They look like damn Florida.


Be too sure these days, yo. You know what I'm saying? I know, I know some bold niggas in Baltimore that have moved to a new spot and be like, yo, what's up with a crack? And put that out there. That is true. Demographics of things are changing, but some things never change. Okay. Yeah. And this right here, Anthony Mata in Florida buying crack and meth off egg Craigslist. Look at that mugshot, bro. I see. They look like they just in Florida screaming. We the meth like this. Look at the meth. We the meth. We the meth. But but let me ask you a question though. I gotta ask a question though. Obviously these guys have a problem, so they should be arrested for that, not put into some kind of rehabs facility.


Well, yeah, I mean, yeah. Yeah. I mean I do think that when you have an addiction, they wasn't selling it facility, they was trying to buy it, but you gotta get a little jail time for the stupidity. You know what I'm saying? You on Craigslist bro, but They a fiend. Like when you fending for crack, you Yeah, you wanna go to the most extremist measures to get it. Yeah. I'd rather them go on Facebook than go in my house and steal a tv. Nah, I be feeling like that too. But I feel like that mostly when it's black stores. Oh, I don't see the need to jump. I don't see the need to say that at right at time like this. I really don't. Okay, Just let the white, But you're right, you're right, you're right. And and And I And you're right. Okay. To be fair, I'm just, let me put my bias to side. You're absolutely, you're absolutely correct. They're looking To buy crack. They're, they're addicts just like anyone else. Yeah, that is, that is absolutely true.


They crack is a Ill word. Drop on a clue ball for the word crack. Crack. Because it's just the Ill word because you think about it, you think about crack the drug, the crack in your ass. Back in the day, we used to say you step on a crack, you break your mama's back and you used to really believe that you see cracks in the sidewalk. You'd be like, yo, let me not step on that. I don't wanna break my mama back and whose mama back actually got broke? 'cause somebody stepped on a crack that that became a thing. Dumb. All right, well thank you for that dog today then you'd Be walking down the street looking dumb as hell. Like trying to step the cracks in all the boxes looking Stupid. But how we know that wasn't true. At one point in time people was actually stepping on the cracks and mama's backs was breaking. No, that's not true. Why we having this conversation? Yeah, it's not true.


What's wrong with us? You don't know that. Alright, from somewhere you ain't even black. They ain't never advertis. I'm black, I'm black. Go through. Alright, thank you for that dog. In the day. You gotta keep telling people you black. You not black. No. 'cause you keep telling people I'm Dominican and people be confused. Plumbers crack. Well P Plumbers crack is the same thing but crack just hit the word. Crack just hit No you well, thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Boost Your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker, artesian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay.


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.