
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The big guests continue on Las Cultas this week. It's the very funny Amy Poer, don't overthink it. They talk water. We did not drink water growing up. Water was not a thing. Parenting. You got Teen Boys. This is like the black diamond of parenting and of course, I don't think so. Honey Horror Movie. Okay. Okay. Amy Poller is on LA's Culture. Ugh. The latest episode drops Wednesday. Listen to Las Culture Eastes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne to God and guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man DB in Weezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the Black Effect marketplace. We black-owned businesses plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us.


All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival proudly sponsored by Nissan Damn the Heehaw gig. It's time for DONKEY. The ticket. I'm ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called DONKEY of The Day and it really caught me off guard Damn Charlamagne. Who got the DONKEY of today? Today? Well, Jess, Hilarious DONKEY today for Tuesday, April 22nd, goes to a 51-year-old Arizona man named Aaron Morris. Now, when I was growing up a public enemy, the great Chuck D and Flavor Flav drop on the clues bombs for public enemy.


They had a record called 9 1 1 is a joke. The song was about the lack of response to emergency calls in black neighborhoods. Totally understand why Public Enemy made that record, but that has nothing to do with this situation because in this situation, Aaron Morse is indeed the joke. What do you mean Uncle Charla? Aaron is the joke. Well, let's go to Fox 10 Phoenix for the report please. 74-year-old Susan Morris was a well-known artist, a mother and a great neighbor. Neighbors say Sue's late husband passed away about a year ago. Then her son, 51-year-old Aaron Morris moved in according to court documents. Aaron called 9 1 1 and told police he had an argument with his mom and used a pistol to shoot her. Mr. Morse allegedly confessed to shooting the victim in the head.


The victim succumbed to her injuries. Mr. Morris has a longstanding history of alcoholism. Mr. Morris, you were arrested on the following allegation. Murder in the second degree. That is a class one felony and tampering with physical evidence, which is a class six felony. Aaron Morris had his first court appearance this morning. His bail is set at $500,000 cash only. Damn, the news report didn't even tell the best part after killing his mom. Shooting his mom in the head, right? He called 9 1 1 and said he committed a heinous crime. Then he called nine one one again to call the whole thing off. What you mean?


After killing his mother, he called back to 9 1 1 and said, oh, it's okay. She's fine. She's alive. She's in our pottery studio. First of all, I I, if you kill your mother trust and believe you will be in hell with VIP seating and that VIP seating comes with three bottles of the finest piss hell has to offer. Okay? Shot your mom in the head over an argument. What was the argument that she's ready for you to move out her house? She's upset with you because you haven't lived up to your full potential. You were bummed just like your daddy. I don't know what the argument could have been, but the fact it ended with your mom having a bullet hole to the skull tells me everything I need to know about you, Aaron. But the fact he thought he could just call 9 1 1 and cancel his order. He was talking to the police like he had a time machine Doc Brown's DeLorean order the the time's thrown from Marvel.


He was talking like he could just rewind things and everything was gonna be okay. No sir. That's not how 9 1 1 works. If you think you going to call 9 1 1, report a heinous crime and then call back and say, no, I was just playing, let's call the whole thing off. Yeah, that doesn't sound suspicious. Nobody is gonna come investigate that. I don't even know why Aaron Morris would think that would work in his favor. I know he was drunk, but you know, I I think this requires a game. A game of guess what? Racist. Aaron Morse 51 years old from Arizona, shot his mom in the head over an argument called 9 1 1 to report the crime, then call back to say he was playing just hilarious. Guess what?


Racist white. You said that very matter of factly why he killed his mom. Mm. Okay. Shot her in the head. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I see where you're going. DJ Envy. Aaron Morris, 51 years old from from Arizona, shot his mom in the head over an argument called 9 1 1 to report the crime. Then called back to say he was playing, guess what? Racist white. Damn Y'all saying this just like y'all just No, no. 'cause he called the police and He called back and be like, nevermind. Like no, like sight. Nah, I'm just playing joking. Nah, nope. Doesn't happen. Well, Justin, Larry, DJ Envy, I would like both of you to know that you are 100% absolutely positively correct?


Yeah. Aaron Morris, his Caucasian. Look at him. Wow. That's right. Oh yeah. He is very white and he look like he a killer. Again, that is Yellow Stone white. Yeah. Okay. That is meth for breakfast. Bath sauce for brunch White. Definitely. Definitely meth for breakfast. Yes. That's right. Yep. Yes. So please mm, give Aaron Morrise the biggest. He haw All. All right. I said. All right, so well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club,


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories, but hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


The big guests continue on Las Cultas this week. It's the very funny Amy Poer, don't overthink it. They talk water. We Did not drink water growing up. Water was not a thing. Parenting. You got Teen Boys. This Is like the black diamond of Parenting and of course, I don't think so. Honey Horror movies. Okay. Okay. Amy Poller is On LA's Culture. Ugh, the latest episode drops Wednesday. Listen to Las Culture Eastes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to


podcasts. Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne tha God, and guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards, and it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of All podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast, and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival, proudly sponsored by Nissan


Yoan. Are you ready? It's your boy Boom Behind and I'm bringing you the K Factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories, plus you, the fans, you're part of the show, and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factors starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go. Let's go. Go. Go.