
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the upend. The lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season premier raising Canaan. Watch now only on Stars. In the Stars app.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up with hate. Who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that don't. Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the Day, right here at The Breakfast Club. Bitches. You can call me the DONKEY Of the day, But like Emini here, no harm. Yes. DONKEY of the day for Monday, March 10th, possibly could go to a young lady named Jayla Cunningham.


Now we gonna take this one to Breakfast Club Court. I am going to have to let you, the jury decide if Jayla is going to be receiving DONKEY of the Day because Jailer is an 18-year-old hairstylist who is facing a second degree of soul charge after dragging her 15-year-old client across the floor of her hair, of her hair salon. Okay, now Jailer claims the 15-year-old client tried to leave without paying for $150 service, but the young lady's mother said she accidentally sent the money owe to the wrong account. Just a bunch of mess. Let's go to Fox five DC for the report, please. In The video that has more than 54 million views, you can see 18-year-old Jayla Cunningham dragging her 15-year-old client by the hooded sweatshirt saying, Sit right here.


Here put somebody said, I'm not you trying to run too lucky. Jayla claims the 15-year-old was trying to leave without paying for the $150 service. That included a weave with tracks. Jayla cutting the weave out of the teen's hair with scissors because she says the teen did not pay for the service. She, she ran, forget trash. She ran without paying me. And then what did you do? I dragged her by her hood back into the salon until I can get paid, or you know, until the police come or until, you know, she let me take out the service. And I feel like if I didn't do that, she would've been gone And I would've just never been paid. But the 15 year old's mother says Jayla also dragged her by her hair when she grabbed her hood and says that her daughter accidentally sent the money to the wrong cash app and was trying to pay Jayla.


It's, she's absolutely absurd. And how Is she dealing emotionally with this? Emotionally? Not good. Not good at all. Ooh. Now, when I first saw this video, I had a few thoughts. One of my first thoughts was, well, maybe she asked for layers. And I guess the hairdresser thought that included the layer of linoleum on the floor. My second thought to myself was, who is this woman that don't got no squabbles, that she let Jayla Cunningham drag her by the hair across the floor like that? But all I did was see the video. I wasn't aware of the ages 18 and 15. So that gave me more context. That's why she was able to manhandle that individual. That was a little girl. Then I thought to myself, I understand the frustration.


You a business owner. You an entrepreneur, you might have had a few people do this to you before, so you fed up. But the one main thought I had was, you can't handle a situation like that. You can't handle a situation with this type of violence because truthfully, I'm shocked she's not charged with kidnapping. If you force somebody somewhere and hold them against their will, that's kidnapping. So Jayla, I understand you young, okay? But as an 18-year-old boss, CEO of your own company business owner, you absolutely positively cannot conduct yourself like this. Okay? See, you had this woman's information already. You knew who she was And I'm assuming you knew her age. Just go tell her mama and tell her mama, if you don't get paid, you're gonna press charges.


But what makes this even crazier is clearly this was all one big misunderstanding because you heard what the mama said. The mother said, the young lady just sent the money to the wrong cash app. Now, I don't know if that's true or not, but it sounds believable. I just don't know why Jailer didn't take the time to even hear the young lady out. You can't go from zero to Daredevil in oh 0.6 seconds. Emini here. This type of vigilante justice only works in TV shows and movies. Batman wouldn't even do no, no criminal and got them like you did this young lady dragging her across the floor like a body at a crime scene. You ever heard somebody say, I'll mop the floor with your ass. Jayla literally looked like she was mopping the floor with this young girl. Okay?


This is not what this young lady thought she would receive Jayla when you told her to come get snatched. Okay? This is why you don't react off emotion. You don't make decisions or take any action based off how you feel in the moment. You should take a breath and consider the situation calmly and rationally before responding. I understand the emotional response, the real, the emotional response that someone stealing from you can trigger. I understand you done worked hard installing this woman's hair and when she doesn't pay you for her unit, okay, you wanna show her your unit is G, but even 50 cent will tell you don't move off emotion, okay? He wrote a great book called Hustle Harder, hustle Smarter.


And in that book he says, you should always fight for your worth, but never take offense that you have to fight in the first place. When you do that, you're moving off of emotion. It might not be fair, but to get what you want, you can only move off strategy. The moral of the story is don't move off of emotion, move off strategy. Jailer, you moved off of emotion here and now you're gonna need way more than $150 to get you outta this situation. Now I personally feel like if this story is all the way true, she should get DONKEY today. Meaning if she wasn't trying to run off, if the little 15-year-old girl wasn't trying to run off, she just sent the money to the wrong person like her mother said, then jailers should for sure get DONKEY here today. But even if she was trying to to run, I think jailers should still get DONKEY because you simply can't conduct yourself like this as the owner of a business.


But what do y'all think? What do y'all think? 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's take her to Breakfast Club Court. Yes. Jayla Cunninghams. Jayla Cunningham, 18-year-old hair stylist. Yes. Dragged a 15-year-old girl. Don't say nothing The floor. Don't say nothing yet. Don't say nothing across The floor. Hair salon. We We're gonna take the calls when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 when I just have to throw this out there. I'm sorry, Charlamagne. 'cause I feel like you're trying to swear to jury just a little bit now. No, other than that, I'm just telling the facts. Jayla did respond. She said, y'all feel bad because it came out to be that she was 15, which I never knew. Okay, but what about me? I'm an 18-year-old business owner who constantly has to deal with people trying to get over on me.


I Just said All it, the cash, the cash app mistake was not on me. But since she sent it to the wrong person, what I was supposed to not get paid like that's wrong as F. It was very unprofessional, but you don't run out on nobody while they're waiting for you to send the money for your services to them. When I was nothing but respectful and nice to her the entire appointment. So if she ran out, she did not know the young lady was 15. Let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll take your calls. Should she get DONKEY today? It's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning DONKEY.


Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, one very dangerous obstacle, looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to up in the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season premier raising Canaan. Watch now. Only on Stars.


In the Stars app


ever Wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork, you need ome. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to viome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star. Star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer


This Valentine's Day. Celebrate every love story with Pandora, whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile Designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora Jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available Afro features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.