
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone.


For Details@public.com, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol g and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a DONKEY To the latest on that police killing of a black man mount a new developments in the deadly spa shooting rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what He did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife was white The Breakfast Club bitches. All right, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? DONKEY today for Tuesday, July 9th goes to the Supreme Court of the United States of America. Now, for the past 10 days, I have been at my home, away from home, the beautiful island of Illa, dropping the cruise bombs for the A XA.


You see this beautiful tan I got? Okay, absolutely got my feel of vitamin D envy. Don't get excited. Okay? I'm talking about the sun's ultraviolet race. I know what you doing out there and, and You know every day I woke up, worked out and had CNN on M-M-M-S-N-B-C on while I worked out. And it was surprising to me that what was dominating the news, especially on the left-leaning networks, was how bad Joe Biden was at the debate and speculation on whether he should drop out. By the way, I'm all for that conversation, even though I believe the conversation is like two years too late because I've been asking those questions. Is the Biden Harris ticket a winnable ticket? When I did the Daily show last December, I said, president Biden should give America the biggest Christmas gift and step aside.


So I don't have a problem with any of these questions being asked, this discussion being had because it should be. I just think y'all too late on having the conversation. And I also feel like left-leaning networks are not making the main thing. The main thing there is a, a side and a B side. And the B side, to me, You know should be President Biden. The A side. The A side should be the fact that the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate court, okay? A court that has a six three conservative majority, and three of those judges were appointed by Donald Trump. They have done a lot of highly controversial rulings, abolishing Roe v. Wade legalizing bribery of public officials, and the one that everybody should be, should be talking about, the one that should be the A side on the news, especially the left-leaning outlets declaring the president of the United States absolutely immune from criminal prosecution for official acts.


What is an official act? Who knows? But let's go to a, b, c news for the report, please. Well, this is a in, in no short sense whit a big win for Donald Trump. It means delay. We already knew that a trial on these charges would be unlikely before the presidential election. Now it's all but impossible based on today's decision. And I wanna just quote for you, it's from the dissent here. This is a supreme court that is sharply divided on this issue along ideological lines. This was a six to three decision. The conservatives issuing that decision that Terry just outlined, the liberals in this case dissenting very, very sharply in stark language. In fact, justice Sonya Sotomayor said today that the court gives Donald Trump all the immunity that he asked for and more.


She accuses the court of an a textual, a historical and unjustifiable immunity test that in her view puts the president above the law, Lord Heather. So as much as many court observers had hoped that this court would somehow try to find a decision that would unify on their bench in the country, they did not do that here. And this is a sharply divided opinion. Now, I don't understand why this is the A side story everywhere. Okay? Here's the thing, and correct me if I'm wrong on this, but when you say a president is immune from criminal prosecution for official acts, who determines what's official and what's not official? It seems to me that these rulings mean the Supreme Court. And only the Supreme Court gets the final word on which crimes presidents are allowed to commit.


And the justices themselves can be paid ridiculous amounts of money for their opinions. If interested people in wealthy donors wanna pay them for ruling the way they want them to. I'm sorry, I'm not a fan of President Biden either, and I'm glad that people are finally having a conversation that I've been having, which is Biden needed to step down. But that story to me pales in comparison to having a Supreme Court that is no longer legitimate. They are as corrupt as they can possibly be. And I don't understand why every single media platform isn't having that conversation for everybody saying, well, president Biden is the president now. So if he has all of this kingly power granted by the Supreme Court, how come he doesn't use it? I'll tell you why. Because Democrats are cowards and the Supreme Court knows they're a coward.


So they will vote for something like this. Now, knowing that President Biden won't do a damn thing with it. Not to mention if the Supreme Court are the ones who determine what's a crime and what's not a crime, do you really think they gonna let President Biden get away with anything? Of course not. Six of these judges are absolutely loyal to maga. It is what it is, okay? Supreme Court judges are supposed to be impartial, but not this one. So even if President Biden did get some courage and decided to take an aggressive stance in regardless of stopping some of this foolishness, the Supreme Court would probably say it's a crime. And yes, use that power to get at Biden, and they probably afraid of the bloodshed that would come from Mag supporters. But let me tell you something, it's gonna be bloodshed regardless, okay? Violence is inevitable. So you might as well stand for something.


President Biden needed to use the power that the Supreme Court has granted him to save democracy. What do he want? A few years ago, I said that one of the ways to preserve democracy was to expand the Supreme Court. og. Jim Clyburn also said, Biden has to expand the Supreme Court. He said, verbatim, if he doesn't, we would end up exactly where we are now. Well, it takes courage to do those kinds of things, and Dems don't have that. But if there was ever a time to expand the Supreme Court, now is the time President Biden said he is not a fan of court packing. Well, guess what? Not. Court packing is the reason Roe v. Wade is overturned. It's the reason presidential immunity has been granted. You know the Presidents and don't tell me it couldn't have happened because Democrats took the White House and both chambers of Congress and still Biden didn't want to do any court rebalancing, didn't even bring it up.


That clearly now is a mistake. I I just don't understand. How come this is not the Ace story everywhere? President Biden doesn't seem to be stepping down. So that story is dead. Project 2025 is something that could happen if Trump gets back in office. So it's worth discussing, but right now as we speak, we have a Supreme Court that is no longer legitimate, okay? Don't get on TV either and ask and answer. I hate when y'all ask answers, is the Supreme Court no longer legitimate? That's not a question. It's a statement. The Supreme, Court, As We, Know It, Is No, Longer Legitimate, and Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and every other high ranking Democratic official needs to say it. And all you media outlets, the CNN's, the MSNBCs, Joanne Reeds, DL Hughley, the view applies.


Okay? All of you who ride hard for the Democrats, all you vote blue no matter who, folks, that's what y'all need to be talking about. Because regardless of who's in the White House, the Supreme Court is forever, okay? And folks need to be demanding that the courts get expanded. But I truly don't know if we can come back from this. I'm not a political expert. I have no idea how any of this works. I just know right now this not working. Okay? Constitutional rights like Roe v. Wade are gone. Presidents are no longer subject to criminal laws. There's a great article on the Nation by Ellie Misel. We need him up here. By the way, we need Ellie up here. You should go read this article. It's titled, it's Impossible to overstate the Damage Done by the Supreme Court in this term. And he said some great things in there like which I, I didn't even know.


Do y'all understand that the Supreme Court is the only branch of government that claims the power to rule unchecked by the other branches of government. If Congress passes a law, the Supreme Court claims authority to overrule it. If the President issues an order, the court claims the authority to overrule it. And if voters attempt to elect leaders, the court claims the authority to overrule them by literally picking whose votes should be counted or recounted. This is not how a democracy works, people, okay? The Constitution doesn't give the Supreme Court any of these powers. They just made them up. So I need media constantly talking about this because the only answer is to expand the Supreme Court because as Ellie said in his article, it is the only normal, peaceful constitutional solution to a court that no longer believes it can be checked by other institutions.


Please give this a illegitimate Supreme Court, the biggest hee-haw. That's what y'all should be talking about right now. 'cause constitutional rights should be overturned. Are being overturned. Okay? Project 2 20 25 is a hypothetical thing that could possibly happen. This is happening right now as we speak. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs off. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in The morning, The, Breakfast, Club.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash, no fees, no minimums. public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing, Inc. Member Finra, SIIC, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis, explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hello, it is Ryan And. I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Coincidence, I think not everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere, even at 30,000 feet. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba life, no Purchase necessary. BG W Roof Prohibited by loss in terms and conditions. 18 plus.


There Are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15. Pro most storage means you don't have to delete anything that could become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see 'em in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at t Connect and changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See why CNBC ranks Minnesota. Number four, best state to live and work. A great place to work and even better place to live. Explore minnesota.com/live.