
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up. A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers and my stockings. Looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon now.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know so I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like a tune. Check out bows.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024, which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply to att.com/iphone four details.


Well, sexy red DONKEY today for Monday, November 18th, and it feels like every bit of a Monday goes to a teenager named Tristan Meyers and his unnamed 16-year-old little friend. Now, Tristan's name has been released because he is 18. The 16-year-old has not because he's underage, but let me tell you something, they both getting DONKEY today because they both lied for no damn reason. See, there were four people in this car, 18-year-old Tristan driving, 16-year-old in the passenger seat and two girls in the backseat ages 15 and 16. I'm getting anxiety even reading this story because when you got a 16-year-old at home like I do, just learning to drive and she got friends that are also 16, but some a little older, 17 and 18 and they all driving but haven't been driving long.


The parental paranoia, you feel okay. I am not in the space where I feel comfortable letting my daughter get in the car with none of her little teenage friends. Okay? And this story ain't helping And I damn sure don't have the heart to let her learn how to drive. Yet her mother is handling that and driving instructor is handling that. Daddy nerves bad. Okay? I can't do it. I honestly don't know what our parents were thinking when we were younger letting us drive. Yet here we are now. The reason Tristan and his 16-year-old friend are getting DONKEY today is because three of the teenagers were taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries because Tristan crashed the SUV he was driving, he lost control of the Ford Bronco he was driving and the two young girls were thrown from the vehicle.


Thank God they are still alive. Not one of these youngins had on seat belts, not one of them. Okay? Now the reason they are getting the biggest hee-haw is because Mayas first said the accident happened because he swerved to avoid an animal in the road, understandable and believable because did stay committing suicide in our society. But that's not what happened. See, deputies talked to the teens and Myers was speeding and driving erratically before the crash. He was actually cited for inattentive driving. Now why do you think he was speeding, showing off, right? We all did it when we were younger. And why was he driving erratically? What had his attention? Was he live on Instagram?


Was he live on tac? Was he attempting to take a selfie? Was he texting and driving? What? TikTok? It's TikTok, sir? TikTok. unc. Was he texting and driving? Huh? No, actually he wasn't doing any of those things. Okay. See, what had happened was the 16-year-old he had in the passenger seat with him, that 16-year-old decided to use a lighter, the tre, the set Tristan's armpit hair on fire. What? Right? That's right. This little 16-year-old took a lighter to Tristan's armpit hair. It's hard for me to condemn people for things that I've thought about doing what?


But it's easy for me to condemn people for acting on it. See, there has been plenty of times throughout my life where I've looked at someone's armpit hair and thought to myself, Hmm, is that flammable? Okay? Especially when you can see the pieces of deodorant in the armpit hair. I understand the urge to wanna roast some marshmallows around a warm arm fire pit, but you can't let those intrusive, intrusive thoughts win young man. Okay? My whole life has been me fighting my intrusive thoughts, okay? You almost got yourself killed and got other people in the car killed because you couldn't take what was happening under your homie's arms anymore. Makes me also wonder, Tristan, was your musty, okay?


Was there an odor coming from Tristan's underarms that smelled like the finest of kush? So this young 16-year-old felt like it was only right to put a lighter to it. Let's discuss. Okay, because we don't talk about underarms smelling like cush enough and how, I'm sure K nine units get confused. So I can totally see why this young man was set Tristan's arm and here on fire if indeed he was musty. I'm lying. No I'm not. Please give Tristan Mayas and his 16-year-old friend, the biggest hee-haw. This is one of them ones where you have to punish your child because they have to learn that this is unacceptable behavior. But it's also one of those ones that when and your wife find hilarious, okay?


You just happy nobody is dead. I mean nobody die after, after the fact. I mean, it's just ridiculous. You gotta pay for that car to get fixed. It ain't funny. I will say this to any parent out there. It Is kind of funny. No it's not. You see your man armpit head just sitting there. It's not all you can think to yourself is, I wanna set that on fire. They must have been hot. What type of light I was about to say and what type of lighter was like even like This one right here? Any one of Those. I can do this right with this. All the smoke light I got in my hand. Look, that's all you need. A little bit of flame. Let's See if it works on you. Especially if you got some deodorant all, let's see if it works. And you can see a little curl. See if works on you. Lemme see if it works on your wig. Lemme See if it Works on your wig. Lemme get one little str of that wig. Stupid. Lemme see a fire set. Fire on fire. That's All right. All right.


I want to tell parents out there all there is a device that you could put on the car. It's not that expensive where you can tell exactly how fast your kid is going. Oh my God. You could actually, I had it on both my kids' cars when I first, when they first started to Drive is want them call them while they're going fast and say, don't go fast. Well, Most kids that's know it's on the car and they know that you get an alert if you do go fast so kids won't go fast. So now kids know that they're gonna get in trouble for something so they don't do it. When has that ever been a thing? Yes. If You know you're gonna get your car taken away from you, if you go over certain miles per hour, yes, yes. You are not gonna do it, Lauren. What do you mean? What do you do? What the hell are you doing? I can tell somebody didn't get no discipline in Delaware. Okay, my mom never. No consequences for your actions in Delaware. My Mom didn't have stuff like that And never let your kids ride with a kid that had just got their license.


It just doesn't happen in my household, Do it. My mom couldn't wait for us to be independent. My best friend's dad actually shout out to Otis. My best friend's dad actually used to give us the car way before he was supposed to. I would drive us everywhere in a truck, in a range, Delaware, We were very independent, leading kids we knew. We were forward thinking. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today, sir. Yes, indeed. Now When we come back, Elliot, Connie will be joining us. He has a new book out. Change your Questions, change Your Future. We're gonna talk to him next, so don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. DONKEY Today is brought to you by the Law office of Michael s LAIs. Soft. Don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club up.


Amazon's black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Woo. Shop great deals on Amazon.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday, but then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover today's actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Friday. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton And Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992.


Apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal in every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hello, my unde Deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host, and do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on.


So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.