
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide


they're Taking black jobs. Black jobs, Huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices Probably not. Presidents, vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, speaking Of black jobs, I got a black job For you. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said, black jobs never becomes President again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid for by Harris for President.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and Coke's given you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, A Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fueled music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Did you get Don any name? Please tell me. Absolutely. I had become DONKEY of the day. The Breakfast. Club bitches we're DONKEY. Today for Friday, September 19th goes to a 23-year-old man named Jevon j Owens. Now Jevon is from a place in Illinois called De Cob County. Now, I'm gonna let You know right now this young man is being charged with attempted murder. But before we get into that, I am reminded, okay? I am reminded because it's today's DONKEY of today that we don't acknowledge our glimmers enough. All right? We have a tendency as humans who are ever evolving, we have a tendency to only acknowledge our triggers. Glimmers versus triggers. Here goes Charlemagne with his mental health minus Talk yet again?


Yes. Here I go again. Okay. Triggers are people, places, moments, just those cues that move our body into fight or flight. But glimmers are also cues, but they are cues that move our body into a, a feeling of safety, a feeling of connection. Okay, GLI was connect us to something good. Why did I bring that up this morning? Because today's story, even though it's an attempted murder, all right, I'm letting You know right now. It's an attempted murder. It gave me a glimmer because there is something at the center this, the center of this story that could connected me to some great memories and that something is one of the greatest somethings of all time. And we call that something, a peanut butter and jelly sandwich drop on a clues, bombs for the peanut butter and jelly sandwich.


Don't, don't you ever. Don't you ever, as long as you black act like you too good for a bite of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Okay? All my brothers and sisters of all races If, you have a soul then You appreciate a good peanut butter and jelly sandwich. You haven't lived until you've eaten a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. That white bread with that food paste made from ground, dry roasted peanuts coupled with that soft, almost elastic consistency, those three things, that peanut butter, that jelly, that white bread, those three things get together and have a freak off in your mouth. You hear me? Okay? When those three flavors come together, my God, the salty cream richness of the peanut butter with the sweet, slightly tart kicker jelly.


It's literally the yin and yang of sandwiches. Okay? Peanut butter and jelly represents what happens if all races in America just came together. Okay? It's the harmony we didn't know we needed, but it's a taste you just can't live without. All right, more on peanut butter and jelly when I come back, because I have to remind you why we here we are here because Jevon has an attempted murder charge and he has that charge because he got into a quarrel, a kerfuffle over a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I really need you to listen to me. Okay? He, he was taken into custody after he seriously injured another man with a butter knife during a, during an argument over a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. If convicted Owens could face a sentence ranging from 30 years to 60 years in prison, he was ordered to be held without bail during a court hearing this past Monday at the DeKalb County Jail in Sycamore.


Now let the record show the defendant is only 23 years old and is already pleaded guilty to two violent crimes with three more pending. All of these incidents occurred within an 18 month span. The injury sustained by the victim 'cause of the butter knife were so severe that he had to be transferred to a Chicago hospital for further treatment. Court records revealed that a witness told police the dispute began over a messy peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The witness actually attempted to intervene, but Owens allegedly swung a butter knife over her shoulder and hit the victim. The victim said the argument started because someone left peanut butter and jelly on the counter, and as the confrontation escalated, Owens allegedly pulled out the butter knife and the victim retaliated by throwing punches.


He later told police that he didn't realize he had been stabbed until he started feeling faint. The victim sustained five stab wounds from the butter knife, the various parts of his body, the the injuries were spread out all over his body, body because of the the but knife. It included his hip back, armpit and collarbone. According to the doctors, the wounds punctured and intestine. And the victim expressed fear that Owens had intended to kill him clean up the goddamn gif. Why would you leave Welch's Concord grape jelly open like this? You see what a mess caused. This is why you always gotta hear both sides because when I heard this story, I knew it had to be more to it because peanut butter and jelly, it don't make people act like this. Peanut butter and jelly is a time machine that does nothing but bring you back to an existence when life was simple, one bite and you're instantly transported back in time.


It's like having the adventurous time travel bracelet. You get taken back to your childhood, you and your mama or grandma kitchen humming the theme song to Martin. You just carefree, not a worry in The World. And then here comes someone disturbing your goddamn peace. You can go from glimmer to trigger and less than oh 0.4 seconds, all because someone left peanut butter and jelly on the counter and didn't clean it up. Now, I'm not a lawyer, okay? If it's one thing the Diddy case has showed us all this week is that none of none of us know the law. But this is a clear case of self-defense. My client had a butter knife. Why did he have a butter knife? Duh. It's a jar of Skippy on the counter, your honor. And Smucker strawberries squeeze with some wonder bread. Clearly, I'm about to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.


And then this madman who probably can't appreciate pb and J and thinks ham and cheese is top tier starts swinging punches at me. So I did what any self-respecting lover of peanut butter and jelly would do, and that's cut him with my butter knife now. Now that's what I would say and that's probably why he wouldn't get a bond because the reality is peanut butter and jelly sandwich is a classic one of the greatest, if not the greatest comfort foods of all time. But there's a long list of things that should never lead to violence. And near the top of that list is, you guessed it, the peanut butter and jelly sandwich. You can't catch an attempted murder charge over no damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich. That's just trivial. I don't even know what type of peanut butter it was. Crunchy, smooth name, brand generic.


Same with the jelly. But you don't want to go to prison for life for a spread because in prison you can become a spread. Yes, I'm talking about your ass cheeks. What If you get spread in prison and then they start calling you peanut butter and jelly in the joint. That's your nickname now. Now you got a nickname like Skippy Squeeze or or or Jif Jam. And now people spreading your ass cheeks all over the prison. Listen, we have to learn better conflict resolution skills. We have to learn how to communicate without violence. These two brothers weren't fighting over no damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Clearly there is some unresolved trauma there and Jevon has a history of violence. So Stabbing him with the butter knife was the effect, not the cause. And we will never get to the cause because all they going to do is attempt to send this young man to prison.


And I'm not saying he shouldn't be held. There should be consequences for his actions. He should be held accountable for his actions, but going to prison, he, it will never get him the proper mental health care. He needs to see exactly what is troubling this young man. Please give Javon Jay Owens the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You are not dog DONKEY of the day. You're the DONKEY of the day. Yee


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Deciding on what to listen to is hard. Using Zuo to stream music from iHeart nineties. Radio is easy or play iHeart country or hip hop beats your choice all for free stream easy. With Zuo play, get live and on-Demand Entertainment with no logins, no signups, no accounts, no hassle. This September have movie Night with the Blockbuster Hit Godzilla and Resident Evil starring Mila Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez streaming free on Zuo play. Go to play.zuo.com now. Life is hard, Zuo is easy.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.