
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Meet the Bose ultra open earbuds, a reinvention of what earbuds could be, and the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Hear life and music at the same time. Go to bose.com/iheart to shop now.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t. Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming 4 20 24, which sir and device language is set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply att.com/iphone four detail.


This is a miracle. There is no Question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a don To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new development in the deadly Spa shooting rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white, white The, Breakfast, Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day, DONKEY of today for Wednesday November 6th?


I, I don't, I don't even really have a DONKEY of today. I, I just wanna talk to us. My fellow Americans, listen, America has spoken and they spoke loud and clear. Donald Trump will be the 47th president of the United States of America. I have friends on the right, I have friends on the left. I have friends of the Independence. And regardless of who we all decided to vote for yesterday, guess what? Donald Trump is now all of our president. Again, I don't wanna fight anyone. I don't wanna argue with anyone because at the end of the day, we are all Americans and we all want what's best for this country. I hope, okay, I know today Democrats are gonna be looking for someone to blame. Lemme be the first to tell you. It's not just one thing. I personally feel like Donald Trump speaks to people's grievances better than Democrats do. I know people are gonna talk about misinformation in the dumbing down of society.


I understand all of that. But you don't have to be intelligent to know. You can't pay your bills. You don't have to be intelligent to know you can't afford groceries. People will forget what you did. They'll forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. And to millions of Americans, tens of millions of Americans, they simply felt financially better when Trump was in office. I don't think it's fair to just chalk up. You know Trump winning to racism, sexism, homophobia, antisemitism. Yes, he tapped into all of the worst things America has ever had to offer. And there are a lot of people who agree with his rhetoric and voted for him because of those reasons. But I truly believe most people voted for him because they want more money in their pocket and they want to feel safe. Look, I know the economy does better under Democrat presidents, but Democrats haven't been able to make the American people believe that.


I know the border is a bipartisan issue, but Democrats spent a lot of time acting like it wasn't an issue. Democrats created the sanctuary. Cities, Democrats told them to come on in. Meanwhile, Republicans were putting migrants on buses and planes and sending them to those sanctuary cities. And then, then Democrats had to change costs. But it might've been too little, too late. Because at the end of the day, once again, when you see all that money going to migrants, going to the border issue, all you can think to yourself is they have billions for that but aren't making investments into the communities right here in America. You see homeless people everywhere. You don't have no money in your pocket. You don't know how you gonna pay your bills. You facing eviction. Listen, I'm not saying Trump is gonna fix all of that. All I'm saying is Donald Trump has made people feel like he will fix all that in a way that Democrats have it.


Once again, don't just chalk it up to racism, sexism, okay? I believe those things play a role. But at the end of the day, it's the economy stupid. And Democrats might just be really outta touch with what everyday Americans are feeling. Now, I didn't want to come on here today and be all doom and gloom. I have absolutely zero reason to believe Donald Trump is gonna be a president that brings people together. But I'm going to be optimistic because I don't know any other way to be. I hope this isn't the beginning of Donald Trump's revenge tour. I hope this is the golden age of America. As he said, I hope all of nut ass thinks Trump said he was going to do. He doesn't do. Because one thing vice President Kamala Harris said repeatedly is, Trump has an enemies list.


I have a to-do list. There is a lot of things that need to be done in America. And I hope he gets to do it. And We, The, People need to look alive on the ground because you have a Republican party that has a majority in the Senate, judge Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas, they'll probably retire. That means Trump will get two more Supreme Court picks. So what I'm basically saying is there is nothing we can do right now, but try to come together some way somehow. That's it. Huffington Post just posted an article with the headline. Trump just ran the most racist campaign in modern history and won. What are we supposed to do about that? Okay, I'm looking at some of these numbers. don don't even know if these are true, but I'm looking at the numbers. I'm seeing high Hispanic You know voters nationwide voted for him.


You know I'm seeing a a slight uptick in black men. They are 52% of white women. We can keep saying You know Trump is a threat to democracy, but nobody's treating him like one. Not the media, not the DOJ and certainly not the voters. 'cause they spoke last night. America got the president it voted for and America got the president it deserved. But now I'm simply asking, how can we all coexist civilly? That's what I'm thinking about today. That's what I'm thinking about right now. People are hitting me saying things like, we about to live in a world that looks like our grandparents world. Or worst people are saying this is gonna be Jim Crow 2.0. I don't know, but I know I don't think that's what any of us want, right? It might be too much to process right now.


It is early in the morning. Okay? This is all just hitting us. So if you want to get back to this later, I'm fine with that. But I just want us to start thinking about it because it's going to be a lot of work. But I know God is the best author and finisher, And I. Don't know what God is trying to tell us right now. I don't know what story God is writing when I'm listening. Please just hit the heehaw. That's all I got for you right now. That's it. This is Exactly why people don't read these stories be so crazy What story you read just now. Just Amer. That's what's happening right now. Best Arthur, best finisher read.


Are you slow? Like what is happening? Too tight. You little distraught this morning, huh? I Am. I am. I have been all morning. don don't know if it's y'all in here. So hopeful. Yeah. Earlier Charlotte, when you tell her that the wig on tripling prices, she you nervous ever since you said Donald Trump Pushed two Says, I ain't nervous. You know what I did Are gonna quadruple. That's gonna be the least of your Words. I already started my chat about my suppresses. I ain't worried, but That's gonna be the least. Now under Here is baby. Trust me, And. I tell you that's gonna be the least of your worst ex. But that's why I'm scared. But I'm hoping it's not. Am I wrong for wanting to be optimistic? No. We should Be optimistic. We got four years. We should. No, we might have forever. Let's talk about that forever Because he said we not gonna be in the vote again.


That don't, Keith said there's no more elections after this one. Now he, you sitting here, y'all hopeful, optimistic. He definitely said that. That that's my whole point. He said all of these things. So I'm, I'm done. I'm, I don't wanna read this, but God, I know you're the best author, finisher, all that. But I, God, I'm ready to read. don don't know. You better not go against God. don don't know what you talking about over. I'm not gonna against God. I have reservations to me to Talk. I'm not gonna to read what you told me to read. And, I need. We need to talk. don, don't what you're saying. We need to talk personally before I I I just don't get it. I don't understand Don don't understand either. But You know. Sometimes you have, you shouldn't lean on your own understanding. I know that's right. You better up Preach over here. I'm just trying to tell you eight. You better preach Boy. Five eight. Five one oh five. Let's open up the phone lines. Let's talk to some more people that's just waking up right now. Depressed down, have anxiety, need somebody to talk to.


We just here to open up the phone. And by the way, let's open up the phone. Nobody, don't nobody need to have all the answers. Nope. Because we don't have them. Nope. You know what I'm saying? We don't You know it, but all I know is the American people made a decision last night. It is what it is. Wasn't no cheating involved. I somebody called up here early and tried to say, stop the steal. It's not a, it wasn't no steal. Okay. No. It just a free and fair election and America spoke very Loudly. Alright, well let's take the Folks. You look at that map, it looked like a mayor. Period on, it's just red everywhere. Yeah. But you say it looked like what? The period is on red everywhere. Can you leave women alone today? What? Leave us alone today. We got enough that we have to worry about. Don't Speak. Let's just leave us. Let's open up the full lines. Just The Breakfast, Club.


Good morning. DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull la Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to Michael the bull do com. That's Michael the bull do com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe, it's just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bows.com for More.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba. Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com VDW group. No purchase necessary, but we're prohibited by loss in terms and conditions. 18 plus Chumba.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay. Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone. Like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


High Five. Casino. High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com. High Five. Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void will prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com. High five Casino.


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.