
You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could


escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic,


Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Kfc, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken, and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking Good Man.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at It. You trying to be A fake ass Charlemagne? There's only one Charlemagne above Charlemagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now you know, sexy red. Lemme drink some water. Hmm. You be drinking the hell outta that water. I do. DONKEY today for Thursday, May 22nd goes to Elias Rodriguez. Elias is in his early thirties and he is the alleged killer of two staff members of Israel's embassy in Washington DC. Let's go to NBC News for the report, please. Overnight, a deadly shooting in Washington DC Tonight, a heinous crime was committed, a gunman opening fire at the Capitol Jewish Museum killing two staff members of the Israeli Embassy.


New video showing the suspect being detained, shouting pro-Palestinian messages. Three. Freak Palestine Police say the shooting happened shortly after 9:00 PM at a museum event hosted by the American Jewish Committee. The suspect was observed pacing back and forth outside of the museum. He approached a group of four people, produced a handgun and opened fire. The suspect identified his 30-year-old Elias Rodriguez from Chicago, then entered the museum and was detained by event security. According to authorities Israel, identifying the victims as Yarin Leki and Sarah Lin Milgram, a young couple who are about to become engaged.


The young man purchased a ring this week with the intention of proposing to his girlfriend next week in Jerusalem. Mm. Now this isn't political for me. This is about humanity. Okay? I know that Israeli versus Palestinian conflict is one of the most intense debates in The World today and has been for thousands of years. I am fully aware that Elias shouted Free Palestine, free Palestine, while in police custody and implied that he committed the shooting. This is definitely driven by what is currently happening in Palestine Since October 7th, 53,655 Palestinians have been killed in Gaza according to the Gaza Health Ministry. And those numbers may be under reported 'cause thousands of bodies are believed to be buried under rubble.


I understand all of that, but what I want us to understand is this is why you can't ignore what's going on in the rest of The World. What's going on in the rest of The World impacts us here, whether we are are aware of what's going on or not. Okay? I was in my office this morning And I looked at this couple, Sarah and Yaron, Sarah, Sarah Milgram and Yaron Lesinski, I think it is. I was watching them this morning And I read that they were on a night out and they were about to get engaged, and it just simply hurt my feelings. I don, okay. I don't care what their race is, their ethnicity. All I saw was two humans who became casualties of a system that is failing us all. Just like all those kids and innocent people being killed in Gaza are casualties of a failed system.


And it doesn't seem like it's gonna be an intuit anytime soon, okay? People are just gonna be out here getting it back in blood eye for an eye. And I personally don't want to live in The World like that, even though we already do, okay? We are already in that world because any of us can be casualties of a system. Another country could send a nuclear weapon over here right now and kill us all because they don't like our government, because they don't like our system. When most people in America don't even like our government, don't like our system, but we become casualties of it because we are part of the processes and the structures and policies of this country whether we want to be or not. And that's what Emini here when I see this couple, okay?


That Elias Rodriguez gunned down, he don't know what they was on. Okay? For all he knows, they might have worked at Israel's embassy and absolutely disagreed with how Israel is handling Gaza. We don't know, but that's why Martin Luther King Jr. Said, an injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. The same empathy I have for the innocent people and children being killed in Gaza is the empathy I have for this couple. Sarah and Yaron, okay? Same empathy I have for the people who got killed at the concert on October 7th. That could be any of us at any given time. They was just a couple on a night out and got gunned down. I don't know about y'all, but because of all of these mass shootings that happen in this country, the way my anxiety is set up when I'm out, I think about stuff like this, okay?


If you don't, God bless you, all right? But situations like this are my worst nightmare. You just out with your lady and somebody shoots and kills you. I'm not with that. I don't respect it. I don't condone it. I don't like seeing innocent people being killed. Meanwhile, the puppet masters pulling the strings are highly protected, okay? Them and their families don't have to worry about this stuff nearly as much as we do. Okay? Don't get me wrong, I know that people in charge of these systems can get it too, but we, the people have way less protection than they do. I tell y'all all the time on this devil damn radio, every day of our lives we are trying to avoid crazy, okay? Do you understand how civilized we are as a society? I know it don't seem like that, but think about it.


Hundreds of millions of people interact every day, and for the most part, we mind our business, okay? Because all it takes is one guy like Elia Rodriguez to ruin all our days. Okay? We need to really pat ourselves on the back sometime, and thank God that more of us aren't snapping Elias. I understand why he snapped, but I disagree with innocent people getting killed because of his snapping. What Elias did is in activism, it's terrorism, and any of us could be the victim of that terrorism. And if the reports are correct, this couple, Sarah and Yaron was attending an event to discuss humanitarian responses in the Middle East and North Africa.


Damn. So they was trying to build bridges, not burn them. Okay? We can't be like this as a society. We can't ignore what happened to this couple in dc. We can't ignore what's happening to innocent people in Gaza. If you don't have empathy for it all, I don't wanna talk to you, okay? 'cause violence begets violence, hatred breeds more hatred. And if we allow our grief and anger to justify targeting innocent people, whether in the name of Palestine or Israel, then we lose our humanity. Okay? This shooting in DC should be a reminder that the conflicts overseas have real consequences here at home. And this is why we all should be demanding an end to violence on both sides. Okay? Shared humanity has to prevail over division.


Compassion gotta outweigh rage. Commitment to peace has to be louder. Then the voice of hate. Please give a Elias Rodriguez the biggest. He hu Just my thoughts, just the way I'm feeling at the time. Yeah, yeah. I agree. We're so as people. Yeah. Well, let's not say that. What's that? Let's have some let, let's have some faith in a higher power. Okay? All of this has to be happening for a reason. Okay? Just say, and in some way we have to trust the process as disgusting as the process is. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Let's hope for better days we have Jess fix my mess. Coming up next, right? Jess? Yes. Because don't, don't do that. This does not work because it don't work on me.


Is that a penis page? I bought those. Yes. Oh my God. I just lifted my, oh my God. Sorry. Am I allowed to say that? Yes, you can. Oh, but I bought that penis laser. Okay. I got several. You want one? I You did grow, but you not nobody in. Now its all over your face. Oh, the genders can't use it on each other. Slap them. That's not right. Slap. This is harassing. Slap him with the people. Men can only do it to other men. Why? Because he can only, it's a skinny one. I don't, well, Charlotte's a thick and a curb one. They said the thicker take the, oh my God. It's right on the side of your face. Just my face. Just fix my Mexican messing. +1 800-585-1051. If you want, call up this woman who's currently playing with a penis laser to fix your mess. Your mouth is moving so much with that penis.


You know what? That's gonna be set at the Diddy trial today. I don't know in what context, but I guarantee you it's gonna be set at the Diddy trial and you've been going there too much. It's consuming you. That's why you're talking like that. Oh my God. It's The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael, the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill.


Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife, Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The fact that you lied is absolutely horrific, and quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I am Radhi DeLuca And I am the host of a really good Cry podcast, And I had the opportunity to talk to Davy Brown With women, any kind of thing where there might be this underlying edge of self-sacrifice as martyrdom.


If you're never filling, you're telling yourself a story and you're actually avoiding what you should be doing. You gotta get in. You gotta get your hands dirty. Listen To a really good cry on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.