
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny, seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, And it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless with me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one, and every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work In progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part Of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us. You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Your execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to hold for you to read. He gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve it. We need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. We only one charlamagne Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday, April 23rd, goes to the US Department of Education who under the Trump Administration, announced on Monday that it will resume debt collections for federal student loan borrowers who have defaulted on their debt. So millions of borrowers are at risk of having federal payments or portions of their salaries withheld in the coming months because the White House said it can and will take borrowers wages, pensions, and tax refunds.


Let's go to K-O-A-A-N-B-C five for the report please. Major whiplash for millions of federal student loan holders. For the first time in five years, the Department of Education will start collecting, restart, collecting. That is federal student loans. In default, student loans go into default after 270 days without any payment. The Trump administration said in a statement quote, there will not be any mass loan forgiveness. The Trump administration has announced we will put an end to Joe Biden's illegal student BA loan. Bailout attempts. Loans have been on pause since March of 2020 because of COVID-19, the Biden and Harris administration even tried to cancel the debts of millions of borrowers.


Now, the Trump administration says the previous administration did not have authority to cancel that debt and it will start collections as soon as May 5th. Debt cannot be wiped away. It just ends up getting transferred to others. So why should Americans who didn't go to college or went to college and responsibly paid back their loans, pay for the student loans of other Americans? I didn't go to college, so I don't have student loan debt, so this won't impact me, but that doesn't mean I'm not gonna care about this, okay? The reason I care about this is because I care about people. All right? Period. It doesn't matter what your financial situation is. If you live in a country where people are barely getting by, that is not gonna make for a pleasant society. Not to mention working class people are a benefit to our business.


Okay? Working class people who are listening to this, they're the ones who listen to the show every day, okay? They're the people who buy books. They come to the comedy shows, they'll spend their hard-earned money to be at the Black Effect Podcast Festival this Saturday in Atlanta. And every working class person in this country should be able to pay their bills and have a little leftover for recreation, okay? They should have some money for leisure activities. And if you voted for Donald Trump because he promised to make the economy better, you gotta be scratching your head right now. Okay? Donald Trump said he was gonna make the economy better on day one, but all he is done so far is cut. Federal programs that benefit working class people put Elon Musk in charge to fire a bunch of federal, federal workers. This half-assed trade war that's going on that's hurting our wallets and 401k plans, and now the White House is bringing more pain to millions of Americans by restarting debt collection for student loan borrowers who have fallen into default.


I hope that you all realize this is just po politicians playing with the lives of people again, right? I was reading an op-ed that Linda McMahon wrote in the Wall Street Journal, and she blamed the Biden administration and universities for making empty promises to students while pocketing their loan dollars. She said, greedy colleges have profited massively from Biden era forgiveness measures. When I read that, I said to myself, oh, the American people once again after suffer because of this pissing contest between Democrats and Republicans. See, I hate when political parties do that. If Republicans do something that's good and benefit people, dims should let it stand. If Democrats do something that's good, that benefits people, Republicans should let it stand. Linda McMahon said, colleges profit massively from Biden era of forgiveness loans.


Well, Linda, there are plenty of corporations, institutions, and people in the Trump administration who profit massively from things y'all do too. I honestly don't care as long as the working class people are getting some relief when the rich get richer and the poor don't get a devil damn thing, that's not good. But if the rich get richer and people are able to get some money in they pocket too so they can live, that's a beautiful society, okay? And I don't want to hear you idiots say, no, they gotta pay these loans back. You can't get a loan and not pay it back. Sure, but how come there is never that sense of urgency to pay loans back when it comes to these corporations? Okay, 2008 financial crisis. US government bailed out banks. A IG got 182 billion, Citigroup got 45 billion in tarp funds and hundreds of billions in loan guarantees.


Bank of America got 45 billion through the TARP program. Those were loans. 2009 Auto Industry GM got 50 billion in federal aid. Chrysler got 12 billion, GM five for chapter 11 bankruptcy and had over 30 billion in debt. Wiped out. What about during Covid Airlines? Delta, United American Airlines all got billions in payroll supporting loans. My point is, I don't ever hear or see about these corporations getting pressured to pay money back the way we are so quick to do American citizens. Yes, I'm glad all these institutions were able to stay afloat. We need those institutions. We need the airlines, we need the banks. But don't we need the American people to, is it really gonna hurt us as a country If We don't garnish the wages of student loan borrowers?


If we don't take from their pensions, their tax refunds is really gonna make or break us as a society if we choose to simply let those folks be for the time being. Why at a time like this, would the Department of Education and the Trump administration be doing this? Because it's not about what's right, it's about revenge. I'm not a Joe Biden fan. I think his legacy is trash. But the student loan forgiveness that he provided was great. Okay? One of the better things on his resume. But Donald Trump is hell bent on wiping his ass with Joe Biden's resume. It's that simple. And we, the people have to suffer because folks have political scores to settle. Please let Remi ma give the US Department of Education the biggest haw.


Hee-haw. Hee-haw. You stupid Mother. Are you dumb? Yep. That's what we said earlier. It makes no sense. None whatsoever. They deserve that. All right, well thank you for that Donkey of the Day. Yes, Ma'am. Now when we come back, Alycia Johnson will be joining us. She has a new book called Flip the Tables, and we're gonna talk to her next. So don't go anywhere. What's The whole, no, what's the whole book name? Flip the tables now What? Flip the tables. Because tables Need to To disrupt. Disrupt This Guide to Finding Courage and Making Change. I know That's right. Your your book title Better be shorten then the way you be coming at People. Long As it is. I'm going back and forth with them right now talking about, oh, you need a subtitle, NY That's what?


That's what it should be called. NYY. It's The Breakfast Club. Come on. The Breakfast Club


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast, beardless with me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? Lot of cussing, lot of bad language. It's for adults only, or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm ready to fight. Oh, this fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America.


Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, you know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I'm Sam Mullins And I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first Convicted has spent 24 of those years in jail. But when Roger Caron picked up a pen in paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart podcasts.


Listen to Go Boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.