
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You Could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


I'm ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called DONKEY of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the DONKEY today? Today, well, just a Larry. It's DONKEY today for Friday, December 13th. Oh my good. It's Friday the 13th. Friday the 13th Friday it goes to White House National Security Communications advisor, John Kirby. Listen, man, if I had a tin foil P Sheisty mask on, if I had a tinfoil ty mask, gotta put it on right now. Do we have the X-Files music? Put my X-Files music on? No. There is something happening in our country right now that nobody seems to be properly paying attention to.


You know the the black mothership, which we call The Breakfast Club Studio. We're in New York, but we live in New Jersey. I live in New Jersey and right now everybody is seeing these drones and I'm putting drones in parentheses. I'm doing my air quotes right now. These drones. Okay. Not just the little small drones that drop off packages. These drones that are SUV sized. Hmm. I just flying all over New Jersey. Okay. I saw one myself. I was laying in bed about a week ago and my wife said, what is that? And I said, it's a plane. She said that don't look like no plane. And I said, it's too big to be a drone. And it had lights on it and it just flew by. This was on or around December 3rd and since then, these SUV sized drones have been seen all over New Jersey. It was on the front page of the New York Post yesterday.


People are online showing videos of them. You can see 'em clear as day. Yesterday the New Jersey Division of Fire Safety sent out an intelligence bulletin that said if you see one of these downed or landed drones, it should not be approached and to contact law enforcement. Now, I agree if A SUV sized anything, okay, falls outta the sky or land somewhere. I'm not approaching it because I don't wanna deal with whatever is in it. But yesterday, white House National Security communications advisor, John Kirby had the audacity, the unmitigated gall to say that the mysterious SUV sized drone spotted flying over Jersey are actually manned aircraft. But we shouldn't be worried about it.


I can't make this up. Let's listen. We have no evidence at this time that the reported drone sightings pose a national security or a public safety threat or have a foreign nexus. The Department of Homeland Security and the FBI are investigating these sightings and they're working closely with state and local law enforcement to provide resources using numerous detection methods to better understand their origin. Upon review of available imagery, it appears that many of the reported sightings are actually manned aircraft that are being operated lawfully You. So extra charlamagne. So SUV sized drones are flying over New Jersey and they are manned people just driving Escalades and suburbans over New Jersey.


And that's okay. We shouldn't even be concerned about it. We shouldn't be concerned about that because why? They aren't drones. There are people inside of them. Why are we acting like this is totally normal? What has become of us as a people that SUV v size drones can be flying over us and we don't care. We will get online and believe every conspiracy theory, believe every story presented to us about a celebrity or anything. But there's a real live conspiracy happening right now and we don't care. SUV sized drones flying over jersey that are manned and we talking about Remy and Pappus and Clarissa Shields. Donald Trump speaking of Trump, and this is where the common sense purist in me kicks in. Okay? I am a conspiracy theorist, but I'm also a common sense purist And I listen to a lot of things.


First, I wanna connect some dots here because they are connected, okay? When Donald Trump was on the Joe Rogan podcast, they had a conversation about aliens, not ones Trump wants to deport. Okay? The ones from other planets. Let's listen. There's a lot of interest in it. One of the things that I'm, there's a lot of interest in the people coming from space, You know? Yes. And I know you're interested in that too. Oh, I'm Very interested in that. How much did they tell you about that? A lot. Really? Yeah. What'd they tell you? Well, it's never been my thing. I have to be honest, I, I have never been a believer. I have people that area 51 or whatever it is. I think it's the number one tourist attraction in the whole country or something. Area 51, let's say. Do You know that? Right? Sure. I know what it is.


So anyway, but it's a big tourist thing. So I interviewed jet pilots that say they saw something and they said we saw things, sir, that were, were very strange, like a round ball, but it wasn't a comet or a media, it was something. And it was going four times faster than an F 22, which is a very fast plant. You know, That's dot one. That was Donald Trump on Joe Rogan. But there's a man named Cliff High. You should Google Cliff High. He is a researcher known for developing a technique called a technique called Predictive linguistics, which involves analyzing internet data to predict future events. And based off that conversation with President Trump and Joe Rogan, he predicted a future event.


Let's listen. But what we do have some justification for suggesting is that there will be 39 days between the temporal marker of the Trump interview and the appearance of this visible contention. It's the visible contention space aliens. Okay? So heaven sort of very complex kind of independence day kind of right? Nobody will know who the hell is doing what with whom now. So anyway, now we have a strange thing where there's swarms of 20 foot drones flying around military bases so unknown. Nobody knows who owns these drones, who's controlling them. At least they're not telling us guys.


Now, my whole life, one plus one has equal two. But then I heard Terrance Howard on Joe Rogan, and regardless of what he thinks about Mav, one plus one still equals two. Trump and Rogan had this conversation, cliff High, who previously predicted the 2004 Indonesian tsunami, stated that an alien invasion will be triggered 39 days after Trump's appearance on Joe Rogan. Trump's interview took place on October 25th, 2004, marking the start of the countdown. We first started seeing these SUV sized drones on December 3rd. Either we are in the midst of one of the greatest social experience experiments of all time. One of the greatest pranks of all time. Or we be intubated by aliens. Okay? According to Cliff High, the alien invasion will involve air battles between UFOs and military forces with UFOs even engaging in combat among themselves.


Listen, I don't know what's happening. I just know that White House national security communications advisor, John Kirby is telling us these SUV sized drones are manned aircraft. It's not one, it's not two, it's not several, it's a lot of them. One of my peoples in Jersey sent me a video last night of eight of them over her neighborhood. If this is manned aircraft, then whose mans is this? Okay, who are these men? Are they little and green? And why are we okay with what's happening? Kirby? Your statement didn't dance Any questions for me? It raised even more because I'm a common sense purist. This is what happens when they keep us looking down at our phones. We are slaves to the lies that our smartphones tell us, and it causes us to ignore the realities all around us. You can call people like Cliff High crazy. You can call them a conspiracy theorist, but I don't see it being a coincidence that he predicted an alien invasion would happen 39 days after Trump's appearance on Joe Rogan when they was on there talking about aliens, and then all of a sudden flying SUVs all over New Jersey.


Why are they just flying over our residential areas? What if they crash into our houses? What's the mission? Is this even lawful? Why wasn't the public informed about these operations ahead of time? Look man, American government, it's okay to be honest with the American people just admit either you don't know what's going on up there or you do and it's not something you want us to know about. Because all black Twitter gonna do is make jokes anyway, okay? The American people not gonna care unless you tell us it's the Kardashians Are Taylor Swift up there driving one of those SUV sized drones? Look, we can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. I don't know what reality currently is, And I don't know what the consequences of avoiding it will be, but I just want us to be aware of what our current reality truly is.


Please give White House national security communications advisor John Kirby the biggest Seahawk don't act like that was hard to follow. It was simple and plain. You scared I what? I'm Just, I wanna know. You just gonna be a nigga the day you die. Huh? I I'm gonna be What? After, after. You should be scared too. No, no, no, no, no. I I'm scared of people on this earth. I'm more scared of humans than aliens. I feel like, You know, maybe they come in to help us for groceries. I I don't, I I just wanna know inflation. But you say you're human. You say you afraid of the humans on earth. Who are these? Who are these? We don't know if these are humans. Who are these? They, what if they are humans and they just flying around Jersey?


So you don't think the government know who's flying around them? That's My point. I just said that. Why didn't they, why didn't they inform us of this? I'm sure beforehand, But let me ask you a question. What's gonna wind up happening is, is people in Jersey are licensed, they can carry guns now in Jersey, right? They gonna start shooting, shooting alien. I said that when I saw the other night, but I'm like, now that I know that they SUV size, I gotta get bigger weapons. Hey, Shot gotta get bigger weapons. They upgraded. I gotta get bigger weapons. Yeah, because 'cause if they come right, why can't you shoot 'em down? Right. And then, but because they on your pro, well, kind of on your, like over your property. I'm scared And You know how I know the government don't know what the hell's going on. Huh? Why wouldn't they inform the people beforehand?


They know we got eyes. They think we that locked into our phones that we always constantly looking down. But they also know that Pap and Remy got all this going on. They know that the stuff going on with Diddy, so they know that we, we in that. So you get the government set this up to, You know what I'm saying, to get people off their trail? Yes. And then why would they say, why would they say, oh, don't approach it, call the police. What the hell the police gonna do? They people just like us. You right. I'm telling You know. All right. I I probably, You know, you got pictures of it, I might see it little alien and be the Drones. Yeah, I Ben showed you that it was on the front page of the New York post yesterday. I wasn't, it was. I was thinking about Remy and Pap yesterday. We need some new types of people down here. Anyway, we see what's Going on. We got enough aliens. That's why we gotta have the math deportation.


You Know what? Oh my god. Alright, when we come back, Ryan joining us now,


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club,


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap. Wear and love select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusions. Apply.