
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is White. White, but The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day? Yes, DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, February 25th goes the Enrique Tario, if you don't know the name, he is the former leader of the Proud Boys, not just the former leader of the Proud Boys, but a former leader of the proud boys who was sentenced to 22 years in prison because he was found guilty of helping coordinate the insurrection that happened on January 6th, 2021. Now, this is what I don't understand about some of you Patriots.


Okay? And I put Patriots in air quotes. What I don't understand about you all is do you respect law enforcement or not? Because if you respected law enforcement, then ex Capitol Police officer Michael Fanone wouldn't have gotten dragged into the mob that stormed the capitol on January 6th, that police officer was attempting to defend the capitol from these domestic terrorists we call vanilla isis. And he was dragged into the mob, beaten and tased until he suffered a heart attack. That that don't sound like true patriotism to me. Okay? True. Patriots showed their love and respect to law enforcement and true Patriots respect the Capitol building that is a worldwide symbol of democracy. But Enrique Tar doesn't care about any of that because he was given a second chance by Donald J. Trump.


The man was pardoned by 45, 47. So he doesn't have to spend 22 years worrying about someone storming the capital of his anus. Stop to steal takes on a whole new meaning in a prison shower. Okay? But what happens when a pardoned former leader of the proud boys sees an ex capital police officer in the street? You would think that maybe just maybe Enrique would've learned something from his brief stint in prison. You would think he would reflect. You would think that Enrique would've said to himself, you know what? Law enforcement was just doing their job. We were being idiots. And I'm so grateful to have a second chance at life, so let me mind my business. But no, a potential dialogue opportunity turned into a confrontation.


Let's listen. You Were power in that day. You were powered. Oscar, let's go on. You're a traitor in this country. Yes, you your ass. And that's why nobody as a little failure, run for me, run for me, run for you. You can say that while you're over there, Enrique. Do you know you are absolutely wrong. You are absolutely wrong on January 6th, and you are absolutely wrong in how you handled former Capitol Police officer Michael Fanone. Just know, okay, that he is a member of law enforcement, former member of law enforcement, but still a member of law enforcement.


Okay? He's a, a member of law enforcement, a public servant who took an oath to protect and serve the capitol. And that's exactly what he did. And y'all beat on that man for doing his job, tased that man for doing his job and caused him to have a heart attack for doing his job. Michael Fanon, you heard in the audio just now, he used the right and exact language when, when talking to Enrique, you are a traitor to this country. You orchestrated a coup to overthrow the results of an election, and you are making your president Donald J. Trump look like a fool because he said January 6th was the day of love. He said, you all were patriots. Where is the love, Enrique? Where is the respect for yourself? Where is the respect for your president? And the pardon he gave you. Okay? All you did with this stunt was make him look crazy for even pardoning you in the first place.


Okay? It's people right now who think you should be in prison with Kool-Aid on your lips identifying as someone's prison bait. Okay? In fact, insurrections and orgies have one thing in common. If you don't have a real plan, which y'all didn't, it ends up being just a bunch of dudes standing around with nothing to do but each other. I don't even know why my brain works like that. But the moral of the story is, Enrique, you got hit with 22 years because you helped orchestrate the chaos of January 6th. You got a sweet deal with a pardon? Do you know how many nonviolent drug offenders in prison right now would love to have a pardon? And instead of humbling yourself, you out here with your chest out like you did a bid for something honorable.


Look, man, this isn't about politics, this is about accountability, okay? Enrique, you are the poster child for ungratefulness. You got a blessing. A blessing in the form of a pardon. And instead of falling back, staying low, letting time pass, you chose to still be on BS with a form of police officer who almost died because of foolishness. You helped to orchestrate. Please remember Enrique, you got pardoned, okay? Not exonerated. If you are seen as a traitor and clown, guess what? You earned that. Okay? You planned an attack on the Capitol. You inspired people to go to war over a lie that the election was stolen. And what makes it worse? You didn't even go get your hands dirty with them on January 6th.


Ugh. Please let Remi ma give Enrique Terio the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? That's right. All right. It's crazy You ain't hit with that Norovirus. I I know that Norovirus when I hear it now. Yeah, she usually got a mask on. I'm she chilling with nothing on today. What? What's up man? Coughing. You like that? Why? Just sneezing that direction. You can't be sneezing to me And I got places to be. Alright. Okay. Like the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival, which is happening Wednesday? No, Saturday, April 26th. Okay. Tickets go on sale tomorrow, Wednesday, February 26th at 12:00 PM Eastern. Okay. The Trap Nerd Podcast, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, the RB Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine and the Woman of All podcast, which Sarah Jakes Roberts.


Okay. Tickets on sale February 26th. Tomorrow 12:00 PM Eastern Saturday, April 26th, Pullman Yards, Atlanta, Georgia, hosted by Mandy b and Weezy third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. We'll see you there. That's right. Shout to Louis V. He'll be DJing that my guy Louis B. We will be providing the soundtrack. What up Louis Drop on a cruise Bombs for Louis v


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour.


Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you. I'm Kristin Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte? The Incredible, Cynthia Nixon joins me this week for a conversation filled with memories and stories. I didn't even know Cynthia could have been Carrie. When I first read the script, they asked me to read for Carrie as I think they asked you to read for Carrie, did you And I did. And they were like, yeah, not so much.


You can't miss this. Listen to, are You a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I'm David b And I'm his grandson, Langston Herman. And we host My mama, told me a podcast about black conspiracy theories. And we're here to tell you that we have our boy lamour Morris on the podcast this week. You will not want to miss out on hilarious moment like these. I'm the same guy who believes in lizard people, so I Don't really, So I don Really? I don, we shoulda started with that. I look at all this like this. I go, eh, Catch Warren Morris on My Mama Told Me with Langton Kerman and David Bore on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, Brooklyn nine Niners. It's a reunion. The ladies of the nine nine are getting back together for a special episode of the podcast More better host Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro, welcome friend and former castmate Chelsea Ferretti.


Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah, I was like, can I also hug them? Listen to more. Better with Stephanie and Melissa on America's number one podcast network. iHeart. Follow more, better, and start listening on the free iHeartRadio app today.