
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job.


It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles.


Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places. Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation With the DONKEY.


It's time for Don Of the today. The bunch of Donkeys around here with the he The Yes You Are a DONKEY. What the hell? Hell, what the hell is hell? More. You need Some DONKEY days? Just sell themselves. Give it to Club day. Give it to Oh man, Charlamagne, who you giving? Don't get a bitch. Now. Well DONKEY, today for Monday, June 23rd goes the 21-year-old Angel Gomez, Montana. Now that's the name. Not all Alert Ice. Now listen, this man was born in 2004. Okay? I gotta rule. I don't argue with people who were born the same year at Kanye West College Dropout was released.


Okay? I'm not going back and forth with anybody who was born the same year ti I dropped his third album merging Urban legend. Okay? How do I look? Debating somebody who just entered The World the year little Wayne dropped the card to one. There is nothing to be gained by that conversation. Okay? There is also a theory that youngins that age don't wanna work, okay? That youngins that age have a sense of entitlement that youngins that age want things handed to them. Well, angel didn't disprove any of that. Okay? In fact, angel might be exhibit A on why a lot of that is probably true. Let's go to ABC 13, eyewitness News for the report, please. Breaking overnight. The man investigators say murdered his roommate rather than pay rent is under arrest. Harris County Sheriff's Office says that an Angel Gomez Montanez was safely taken into custody.


No other details published about this. Montanez is charged with the murder of Christopher Rodriguez. Lara Lara's mother telling ABC 13 that Montanez had been living with the family for free for about three months. Lord, when she started to ask him to start contributing, she says, Montanez shot and killed her son Thursday, outside the apartment on Butte Creek Road in North Harris County, Rest in peace to 18-year-old Christopher Lara. You did not deserve that. This young man, Angelz was offered a place on, on, on the, on this apartment's couch for three months. Three months. You didn't have to contribute to no bills, okay? No rent, no nothing, just freeloading your monkey ass off.


And then when you were told this can't be happening, we have bills to pay. You decided to shoot and kill 18-year-old Christopher la This is why you have to avoid unhappy, unlucky, miserable souls. Okay? This young 18-year-old living his best life, okay with his family, an angel who has family ties just with with them, decided to smoke him for no other reason than his feelings were hurt. Okay? He also tried to shoot the victim's brother. That's what a 9-year-old witness reportedly heard the suspect say, I'm gonna kill all of them. Here's the thing, if you can come up with a plan to commit a murder, then you can come up with a plan to get a job. Okay? 21-year-old. 21, 21 years old, living rent free for three months.


Do you know what kind of blessing that is? Everybody out there listening to me right now, just imagine the kind of cushion you could have for yourself if you didn't have to pay any bills. Not one for three months. Let me tell you, freeloaders out there. If somebody is blessing you with the opportunity to not have to pay any bills for any amount of time, please find a way to make that person's life easier. Young man. Your name is Angel Gomez. Montanas, I know you had the urge to do some lawn work, okay? It is in you. Alright? I know you wanted to cut some grass, trim some hedges. Find a cabinet to fix. Okay? There's gotta be a pipe clogged up somewhere.


There was something you could have been doing in that apartment to make things easier for the people you was freeloading off. This is why we can't get rid of Job Corps. No, no, no. Okay. The streets needed young men like this. Don't have nothing else to do. Can't find a job. Job Corps would be perfect for him. Let him go to Job Corps, learn a trade, get his GEDA diploma and go out there and you know, have some money to pay his own bills. Now look, kids nowadays don't wanna work is a broad generalization, okay? I don't even believe it. Okay? I know plenty of young hustling ass kids, but these young kids will kill you. It's not a generalization, okay? These youngs, it's crazy. All right? I know the prefrontal cortex doesn't fully develop until the age of 25, but my God, alright, angel, you would've never survived in no Scrubs era.


He would've been in the passenger side of his best friend's ride letting off shots. Who the F you calling a buster? Alright, but guess what? Angel, all that was from, you know, all that, all that was, was a a challenge from your family, okay? When somebody says, yo, you need to go get a job to help pay some bills, that means you need to get up, get out and get something. Okay? That's why they was encouraging you to do that. That's all they wanted. But now you don't have to worry about room and board anymore because you got a murder charge, okay? In Texas, you going to jail for 99 years of life and you will have to get a job. Young man. Okay? Food service, laundry, maintenance, furniture, manufacturing. Oh, you gonna get a job in prison and you gonna give a job in prison?


It's just gonna have a blow in front of it. Please let Remy ma give Angel Mon Montana as the biggest Heehaw Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Ain't sound like a fake Mexican. This is Manz Angel. Go. I'm probably pronouncing it wrong. Definitely. Sound Martinez Pronouncing it wrong. No, it ain't, ain't no R in it. Oh, it's spelled M-O-N-T-A-N-E-Z. Martinez. Yeah. Let me See, let me, let me show him to You. He sound like he's impersonating, You know? You know you can eyeball the Mexican Mexican, First of all. No, lemme say. Oh, exactly. Yeah, he, I never heard of Mont. That's a different one. Exactly. Exactly. Okay, all, Well, thank you for that DONKEY today, sir.


Resident residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity, Future health weight loss. Wat ozempic but can't afford thousands a month? You need Wegovy for $399, all in no hidden fees.


The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price, yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time, no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus, you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future health weight loss Based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health.


Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed to providers discretion. Here At the Almond Joy factory, where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, The crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, But do you know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, Sometimes you don't. Almond joys got nuts. Something even way better than that. Yes, almond Joy is made. Made with almonds and Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months.


Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. This is an iHeartPodcasts.