
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to hot 99.5? 'cause we have all of the hit music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk about Real stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa, What snap I one kill? Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community.


Yes you are a DONKEY. The Latest on that police killing of a black Man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is What he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day? Well, DONKEY of the Day for Thursday, June 5th goes to Education Secretary Linda McMahon. Yes, Linda McMahon, former CEO of WWE is the United States Secretary of Education.


What is this Secretary of Education? Well the secretary is responsible for the overall direction, supervision and coordination of all activities of the Department of Education. And she is the principal advisor to the president on federal policies, programs, and activities related to education in America. Now, what qualifications does Linda McMahon have to be in this role? Some would say that her qualifications are thinner than my hairline. Okay? She has had two years on Connecticut State Board of Education, many years on the board of Trustees of Sacred Heart University and Fairfield, and two years as chief of the US Small Business Administration. And she's run two unsuccessful campaigns for US senator. And during that campaign she proved that she didn't know much about government.


So when she got the role of Secretary of Education, plenty people knew she wouldn't be mistaken for a great educator. So what ended up getting her the job as education secretary? Well, her one main qualification was she was caked up. Oh, she had that brand. She made a lot of money by being the CEO of WWE. She was married to Vince McMahon for 58 years. So you know, having that kind of money got her close to people like Donald Trump. And now Trump is president. So he said, Hey Linda, come run this department that I'm talking about shutting down our dismantling. Now I had to give you a little backstory on Linda so you understand why she's getting DONKEY today. Today, okay. In a recent senate hearing, Linda McMahon was tasked with defending the Trump Administration's 2026 education budget.


Now keep in mind, like a lot of people in Trump's administration, folks have said Linda is not qualified for the role she is in. Okay? People have said she's outta her death and Ill-informed about the Department of Education, the department she's currently leading. Well, this Senate hearing didn't help. Okay? It was a lot of math mishaps and historical hick hiccups. Would you like to hear it? Let's start with some of the math mishaps first. Secretary McMahon of course testified before the Senate today and Republican senators kind of did their level best to lo her softball questions and make it look like she kind of knows what she's doing. What was we ranked nationally in math and in in reading in 1979? We were very, very low on the totem pole.


We're number one in 1979. Jesus. We Were very, very low on the totem pole. Actually we were number one. Very awkward. That's Secretary of Education everyone. Simple question. You were asked where we were ranked in math in 1979. We were number one. That's not hard to understand. Okay? Alright, let's stay on the math. There was a math problem in there, right? Let's listen. We spend $1.858 billion a year on Trio. Yes. That's $1,580 million a year. So my math, right? I think that's right, sir. And how long have we been spending $1,580 million a year on this program?


More than 10 years? Yes. So that's over a trillion dollars. Okay. I understand that we was not ranked number one in math recently either, but something there seems off right? Don't have to be a mathematician. Maybe there's a Democrat on this committee who can help them out a little bit. I'm secretary and I'm not a great mathematician, but I think you were talking about a trillion dollars. I believe 1.5 billion times 10 is $15 billion. That's a little bit off from a trillion dollars, but I think the, the budget coach 1.2 billion for Trillion. Well, 1.2. That would be $12 billion, not a trillion dollars.


Okay? Jesus Christ. Can we do some historical hiccups while we're here? Let's do some historical hiccups. Do you know what the Tulsa Race massacre is? I'd Like to look into it more and get back to you on it. Okay, so I look forward to that. How about the book Through my eyes about Ruby Bridges, for instance? I haven't read that. Have you learned about Ruby Bridges? If you have specific examples you'd like to, that was a specific example. I would, I'll be very happy. It was an incredibly specific example you to submit. I named the specific Submit your questions And I will look into it and get back to you in the market. Thank you Lord have mercy. What about when she was questioned about DEI programs?


That's the Holocaust one. Do you think that Holocaust education in our schools is A DEI program? There's no card for that, that's just yes or no. I can look at it. Whatever card I Can. Holocaust education. Is it A DEI? You can have a press conference to say whatever you want. I just need a quick answer to this. You're soliloquy is Holocaust because this is my time. Is Holocaust education A DEI program? No. Is African American Studies A DEI program? I Think I answered that was one of your Question. I'm asking it again. We should be just yes or no. We Should be able to teach Courses. My point is they are DEI programs both of them because students need diversity, equity, and inclusion to understand their environments.


You're talking outta both sides of your mouth. You can't support one without supporting the other. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but it's safe to say she has no idea what she's talking about. Okay? And she's the Secretary of Education. These aren't isolated incidents. Ladies in Gman, Linda McMahon has previously referred to artificial intelligence as a one, okay? A one is a delicious steak sauce. Okay? Not ai. All right, and listen, one thing the Trump administration has not done yet in its second term is prove people wrong. Okay? Linda McMahon is not qualified to be Department of Education, but we knew this soon as it was announced. Okay? I don't understand the attack on DEI. The basis, basis of it is people aren't qualified for their jobs.


They're just getting them because of their identity. Hello? What's the difference here? Okay, Linda got this job because she's friends with Donald Trump. If you identify as a loyalist to Trump, you get these kinds of positions. So what I really hate is when people say things like this Senate Hearing is casting doubt on her ability to lead the Department of Education effectively casting doubt. Listen, having Linda McMahon as Secretary of Education, that's like giving DJ academics two bottles of Hennessy and asking him to run a quiet meditation retreat. Okay, Linda, you can't go in front of the Senate and get put in a crippled cross face by basic math.


Okay? Linda can script the undertaker coming back from the dead, but can't script a coherent answer The how numbers work. I'm not saying everybody in government needs to be a genius, but if you're going to run education, you should probably know how to count and maybe just maybe understand a little bit of America's history. I know that Linda McMahon, being Secretary of Education, is fantastic content for, you know, late night talk show hosts and morning show Radio with America. The implications for the nation's education system are no laughing matter. Okay, perhaps it's time to consider whether the role of education secretary should require, at the very least, a firm grasp on elementary math.


Please let Chelsea Handler give the Secretary of Education. Lydon McMahon the biggest. He haw. He Haw. Hee-haw. That Is way too Much. Dan Mayonnaise. Mm. Alright. First it was the head of fema not knowing that America had a hurricane season. Now it's Lydon McMahon not knowing basic math and what should be basic history. That lady was on her ass though. Like What? What? Oh no, they was eating her up. They was eating her up. Representative Johanna Hayes and Representative Summer Lee. Oh, they was on her head. She tried to hit him with The, I don't recall. I have to do some research to get back at you. I'm asking again. Say it again. But they were just proving a point. They were just spiking the football. They didn't know that woman is not qualified to be in that role. They were just proving it in that moment again.


Alright, Well thank you for that DONKEY today. Up next, Jess. Fix my mess. 800, yeah. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. You having some problems, some issues in your relationship? Called Jess right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.