
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects, or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows, and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now, pay Neva, your Execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go. Is it a read? They gave me DONKEY of the day And I deserve it. People need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them it's time for DONKEY of the Day a read, but you're so good at it, you trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. It's only one Charlamagne char Sole who you give to Dusty today to now. Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday May 7th goes to Andre Steven Curtis Brox, I think I'm pronouncing his last name correctly. Probably not. Andre is 29 years old and he was arrested in connection with the home invasion of a 75-year-old man from Detroit.


And the theft of a car. Let the record show. I don't have any remorse for people who commit home invasions. Okay? If you break into somebody's house while those people are home, you deserve whatever happens to you. If you break into somebody's house, period, you deserve whatever happens to you, okay? I don't care how old you are, I don't care what your race is, I don't care what your gender is. I don't care what your situation in life is. Homes are sanctuaries, homes are safe spaces. If you disturb that and somebody happens to be home and shoots and kills you in the process, you earned it. Okay? If you get arrested and they give you a hundred years in prison, you earned it. So in the case of Andre, don't look for me to shed no tears. Okay? This man is 29 years old and committed a home invasion on a 75-year-old.


But I'm gonna tell you something, this man, Andre is a special kind of coward Emini here. If you could create a coward the way you could create a My player on NBA 2K 25, everything would be 99. Okay? See, Andre had an accomplice, okay? I don't think his accomplice had much of a choice in the matter, but he had an accomplice. Nonetheless, him and his accomplice came to the scene of a crime in a alleged stolen car. But Andre ended up fleeing the scene of the crime on foot after the 75 year old's son arrived at the property and Andre just left his accomplice at the scene of the crime. Now, after you hear who his accomplice was, you tell me if Andre is a coward. Let's go to seven A, b, c news for the report, please.


Marquette, I'm a burglary of an Occupy resident. The Call went out April 29th, around 8:45 PM a man was allegedly caught in the act of breaking into an East side Detroit home. I, that scene theft, his son and grandson caught people breaking into the home. The suspect allegedly drove a stolen car to the scene and after being caught by the homeowner took off on foot, leaving the car, and his 11-year-old daughter behind Dad broke into the home. The homeowner caught him. He left behind a child and a stolen vehicle. Eventually, police caught the man, 29-year-old Andre, Stefan, Curtis, broad neck, who now faces multiple felonies for not just the home invasion and stolen car, but also for allegedly forcing his 11-year-old daughter to help with the break-in.


Hmm, that's crazy. Andre is 29 and had his 11-year-old daughter with him while he did a home invasion and he wanted his 11-year-old daughter to help and he had a stolen car. What? And y'all want me to stop using the word retarded, okay. The definition of the word retarded in the dictionary is less advanced in mental, physical, or social development than is usual for one's age. Andre is 29. His frontal cortex is fully developed. You tell me why he would take his 11-year-old daughter with him while he did a home invasion and ask his 11-year-old daughter to help. What else could it be? Except for retardation. Huh? Prosecutor said he made his young daughter help him.


I don't know what his young daughter was supposed to do in this situation. She was the lookout. She was probably the lookout. The lookout, okay, listen, the fact he even had her there to begin with, why? There is a lot of daddy daughter bonding activities I can think of. Cooking, family meals, movies, tea parties, bowling. What do you, what's some stuff you do envy You could do? Of course, dance. Dad, there's kickball, there's a basketball, there is a drawing. Coloring. Yes, you could do your girl, your daughter's nails, you know, do the hair, you know, Jess, what does Chris do with Molly? Cut the grass hedges. What else? Wow. Wow. What? Move on. Wow. All I'm saying is home invasions are not on that list.


Okay? This man, Andre took bring your child to workday to a felony level. Imagine being 11 years old thinking you're going to a park. Next thing you know, you're holding a flashlight for your daddy while he's crawling through a window. This is why we need background checks, not just for guns, but for daddies, okay? You're not a father, Andre. You are a failed GTA tutorial with custody rights. And I know that child's mother is somewhere regretting the day she let Andre shoot her club up. Okay? I know you can't take back your fornication, but in situations like this, I know that woman is wishing she could. What is wrong with you brothers? You got some men just leaving their children at McDonald's because they don't have a sitter and you got some men taking their daughters on home invasions because you want your 11-year-old daughter to help.


The moral of the story is there's absolutely never a reason to run outta your daughter's life. Even if you just got caught doing a home invasion. Please give Andre, Steven, Curtis, broad inax the biggest hee-haw. Actually, Andre probably does need to run out of this child's life. This is actually probably the one time that I would say, you know what? Run, run, run for your life. Either run for, actually she need to run for her life and get as far away from him as possible. That is sad. It is. That's crazy. What he even said is you try play. You played What? With my husband just nailed. I did not. He Is never cut the hedges with my daughter, ever. She didn't say didn't cut the hedges.


He just said, not with the daughter And Molly's young. Wait till Molly get about and Then, And I know you not over There. Sorry. Like, Sorry. Okay, let's open up the phone lines. Eight hundred five eighty five. Where you wanna go? 'cause I'm sure there's some parents that did a lot of stupid stuff with their kids though. No, come on, we not doing this. This is beyond this. This, this is criminal. You don't think ain't stupid. I didn't say criminal. No, no, no. This is criminal. I Didn't say criminal. I'm just saying I'm sure there's some parents that there's some stupid ish telling With their kids. I'm telling. Listen, I'm telling y'all right now. If you open up the phone lines, knock on the door. If you open up the phone lines and you call up here and tell me that you committed crimes with your children, I'm taking your name, I'm taking your information and I'm calling your authority. You can't see Somebody with their kid walking into like a a seven 11 and say, put this in your pocket.


You can't see that. That's why you end up in all the situations you end up in back in The day in Dollar General Room. Go ahead tell us. Tell Don't you lie, mama. You about to lie on your mama. No, No, no. My mama. Oh, I had Ashton swiping them little candles back In the day. I told you. Yeah, but we was very much broke and oppressed people. We had to do what we had to Do. Yeah, but that ain't a home invasion. I Didn't say home invasion. I just said stupid things you did with your kid. How? How much? How Much? You know that's a charge. How many candles? I just learned that that a charge. If you stealing candles, yes, if you use a juvenile to commit a crime, that is a charge. That's a charge. I literally just learned that this morning. How many candles did you Get?


Yo? All of 'em. They was all good. You know, the dollar General round, they don't stack up too much, so it's, it's always just a little bit of stuff left. So that's what we got. And he was always on the bottom. On the bottom shelf Phone lines lit up. (800) 585-1051. And I knew beside, I'm just asking how many of y'all did some stupid stuff? Your kids, I thought asking have more sense than his mom and daddy though. I know. That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5. I very mature little young Man. I was not one of the parents that that would be like you. You ain't getting nothing when you go in here. I'm like, get everything. When you go in there. What? Put in the bag. Put it in the bag. I'm gonna whoop your ass if you come Outta here empty as 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


What's the craziest thing you did with your kids? A crime? I'm just asking. You ain't gotta say your real name. This dude said, what's the craziest thing you ever did with your kids? A crime That is a crime. But you said a crime as if you want people to call up here and talk about the crime they did with the kids. I'm telling you right now, Lena McKelvy is tell it 801 0 5. This why people wanting me to do ride along, because I'm gonna do my due diligence this morning. I'm taking names, social security numbers. Ah, watch. Let's talk about it. We get into it Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Okay.


Have you heard about this Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted. The old S sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


It's almost Mother's Day and you can now get anything you need delivered with Uber Eats. Well, almost, almost anything. So no, you can't order a relaxing shower, but some beautiful flowers. You bet we deliver those. A bird bath? No. A bath bomb. Absolutely. It's no to a chocolate lab, but yes to some chocolate truffles. So whether it's a last minute gift for Mother's Day, fresh groceries or food from your favorite restaurants, get it delivered today with Uber Eats. Order Now. Product availability varies by Regency app for details.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents, ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me And I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband And I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.