
This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over


here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts. An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman. Historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning to Historical Records. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The legendary Escapology. Harry Houdini was obsessed with the afterlife. I see a little boy. He is in a happy place. Join me, Tim Harford for a Cautionary Tales trilogy on the world's most famous magician and his campaign to ban mediums, a mission that would cost him friends and leave him fearing for his life. They're going to kill me. Listen to cautionary tales on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Possibly The Breakfast Club. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Friday, March 21st goes to a 31-year-old Indiana teacher named Brittany Fortenberry. Now, Brittany was a school teacher at Eminence High School in Martinsville, Indiana. And you know, we have all these conversations about needing teachers that care because a lot of them don't. Well, Brittany is not gonna make us stop saying that. Okay? I told y'all before, do you know how crazy, scary, spooky, and slightly hilarious it is that we just wake up and drop our kids off someplace with a, with a bunch of adults we don't even know. That's what cool is. Sure we know our kids teachers names. Well, the women do. Sure, we might have spoke to them a little bit, but we don't really know these people.


We don't know these teachers. We have no idea what they be on outside of that school. And all we can do is pray that our, our kids don't run into a Brittany Fortenberry because Brittany is what we call a preta whore. Okay? A preta whore. A pre a predator whore is a predator whore hybrid. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? She's a preta whore. Well, let's go to Fox 59 for the report, please. The latest victim came forward after Forten Berry's case got significant media attention at the end of February. At the time, the original victim, a high school student, told police Fortenberry had sexual relations with him and at least five, maybe 10 other students. One of them came forward and in new charging documents filed this week, told investigators Fortenberry gave the boys shrooms that made him feel funny, saying she would wait about an hour before grabbing their arms and sexually touching herself with them.


The 14-year-old victim went on to tell investigators that Brittany made him watch while she had sex with his friends and that she would pleasure herself using his school pictures. The boy also recounted a specific encounter at Forten Berry's home where Fortenberry made them wear masks from the horror film Scream, and they proceeded to take turns having sex with her for the next two hours. Fortenberry was also facing charges after police say she sent sexual videos to students at Eminence High School. Her husband also charged with intimidation and failing to make a report. The mother of one victim told police, Nicholas Fortenberry knew about things and threatened to slaughter the victim in front of her if he came forward and reported the abuse.


Jesus Christ freaky ass teacher. Brit Brittany Fortenberry, a teacher, was buying these high school kids expensive gifts. You heard the news report. She was giving 'em shrooms and weed and vapes and liquor. On one occasion. She allegedly spent $600 on a group of teens and then forced them to have group sex with her. She paid these teenagers to run a train on her, okay? While they all wore masks from the movie Scream. My God, if you want to ghost facing Thelan to run a train on you, Wu-Tang is going on tour this summer. Okay? This woman is sick, and what I don't understand is she sounds like she would be a good time for a man or men of legal age. Listen, if you are a woman who wants to get gang banged, who am I to judge? If you want a plethora of penises going in and outta you, do your thing.


Do your thing. Do your thing. Wang Tang, Bangal Ang, okay, have a phone party, damnit hot dog eating contest. Lemme see how many rizzie you can gobble in an hour if that's what you want to do. But why can't you find someone of legal age to participate in these acts and you a teacher? And by the way, you wasting your time being a teacher. I respect people who can do more than one thing. But back in August, two students reported that you sent them inappropriate videos of sex toys. You had a stripper pole in your house, you had nude pics that you were sending them through ig. You really want to be a porn star, okay? You don't wanna be no damn teacher, all right? You wasting your talents. Unless of course you a sex education teacher. I bet any amount of money, her sex education class would be incredible.


What? What Mac? What? Mac just walked in. What medium? Mac? I All Right, now hear me out. No, no, no. Wait a minute. No, no. It Don't sound as bad as it. No Mac. No Mac. That's the, listen. That's the class where the students give the teacher a D or a Mac. All right, bye. Oh, wow. I'm serious. Bye. Hey, shout Out to Mr. Lockwood, my Spanish teacher. I wanted to roll my RS on her like, please Give Brittany Fortenberry the biggest he are. That's Crazy. He said Mr. Too. He did say Mr. He said, Mr. Then he said her. So I'm gonna mind my business. Even though Trump did sign the executive order, I'm gonna respect it. You don't Know why He identifies as A, I'm gonna respect it.


Okay. You did say something that I just made me think about it. What? I don't know. None of my kids teachers names Gia do though. Yeah, that's, I said white. That's, I said the women, do I don Gia? Do I? I don't. I know the faces. I Know the face. I say, what's up? I barely know the faces. I always know the faces that open houses. You know what I'm saying? Like I think about stuff like that all the time. Like, why don't I know these people? I should know The teacher's. My wife know him, my wife know him, my wife. Talk facts, talk to him. Facts. I don't, you know, that's why I said the women do. I know The face, but I don't know the names. If something happened, I'd be like, what class is he in? I'd be like, show me the picture. Alright. Alright. Well thank you for that DONKEY of the Day.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that Ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I Force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity.


Plus, the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com.


Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman Historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The legendary ES anthropologist, Harry Houdini was obsessed with the afterlife. I see a little boy. He is in a happy place. Join me, Tim Harford for a Cautionary Tales trilogy on the world's most famous magician and his campaign to ban mediums, a mission that would cost him friends and leave him fearing for his life.


They're going to kill me. Listen to cautionary tales on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.