
Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose. Open Earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh? Check out boz.com for more.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and K's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar, 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary, 13 plus in 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Do You ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back, and this season we're taking an even bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. Oh, and Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


That's fun. Charlemagne The devil Possible. The. Breakfast. Club. Yes. Don here today for Monday, October 21st, goes to an off-duty Wisconsin police officer working as a substitute teacher named Steve Williams this Monday, man, so I don't got time for the foolishness. Let's just get right to it. Steve is under investigation after he was accused of reenacting the murder of George Floyd in the classroom. Not just reenacting the murder of George Floyd, but making racially harmful comments and twisting a student's arm behind the child's back during classes at a high school in Woodbury, Minnesota. Let's go to CBS News, Minnesota for the report Police. The images are hard to see a reenactment of the police actions that resulted in the murder of George Floyd.


We do know the substitute teacher in question. Steven Williams is no longer employed by the staffing agency. Williams is a police officer in Prescott, Wisconsin. The police chief there says he is on administrative leave pending the result of an investigation into the matter. It Was egregious. It was insensitive, and it was racist. Racial justice advocates say more needs to be done. He Needs to be banned. I also believe he needs to be fired. Who wants that kind of person coming to your door if you have to make a nine one one call Who harbors a lot of racial animus? Who claims police brutality doesn't exist? And who was willing to demonstrate a very deadly police technique on a young black boy?


Woodbury High School issued a statement to parents about what they describe as a racially harmful situation that affected the school community. It listed comments and actions students described, including claims that he can get away with murder and that police brutality is not real. Now, I'm not about to sit here and discuss with you why this was wrong. I would rather talk to you about beating people up. Okay? See, Steve Williams, you need your ass beat. All right? And furthermore, if I have to explain to you why he needs his ass beaten, and guess what, you need your ass beat too. Imagine your child comes home and tells you that a teacher substitute otherwise put a student on the ground in front of the class as part of a reenactment of the police actions that resulted in the murder of George Floyd.


George Floyd, the brother who died in 2020 after a white min Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin knelt on his neck for nine and a half minutes as, as George pleaded for help and said he could not breathe. Can you imagine your child telling you, not only did the teacher lay you on the ground to reenact George Floyd, but the teacher twisted your arm and was spewing racially harmful comments. That's when I started doing jail math. Okay. See, jail math is when you start calculating if you can afford to go to jail, you start doing the math in your head. Okay, Steve gonna catch these hands. But I'm gonna catch this charge. I'm gonna need money for bail. I'm gonna need money for a lawyer. But it's okay because my God is an awesome God. And God will provide a way because today I have to do the devil dirty because of what Satan did to my seed, my child, my heart outside my body.


Can you imagine as a father, I can feel the pain this family is feeling for their child and the child today? Now, the school said what he did was reprehensible. He's on administrative leave. They said he was removed from the classroom and barred from stepping foot on any district property. But see what folks don't understand about situations like that is the trauma that child will feel, the trauma that child's parents will feel that's gonna last a lifetime. Okay? It takes a lot work to regulate your body after experiencing certain traumas in a trauma like that. Who gonna pay for my therapy and counseling? What if I want to do movement based practices like yoga, dancing, exercise? Who's gonna pay for that? That's why I just got a box.


Okay? I gotta beat you up. All right. By the way, I'm not encouraging by violence. I'm encouraging defending my child from some bum ass substitute teacher. Okay? We just got a box. I saw Remy Ma say something a couple of days ago. And, I agree with it. Not even, don't like talking about fighting. Sometimes people be needing hands put on them. The That's it. Like, like, like that. Is it Because when you do something like this to someone's child, you are showing a total disregard for that child's family. You think that child's family is OVO. The other vaginal option, you just assuming this child comes from a long line of sweetss, okay? That's the only conclusion I can come to.


How can you do something like this to a child, okay, and not think there's at least one man, at least one man in this young man's life that loves them and is willing to crash out behind them. Steve, you got to show me, okay? When you disrespect my child, you disrespecting me when you do that to my child. You have done that to me. Now I need my child to stay in a child's place. And. I need to see if Steve really crashed something. Okay? You gotta show me that you could do that to a grown ass man. Please let Remy ma give Steve Williams the biggest Heehaw, Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are You dumb? I'm not about to go back and forth with you on why this reenactment was wrong. I'd rather fight. Alright, let's just fight.


I agree. Nothing else to talk about. What we talking About you? You said you could fight, right? Who You. Didn't you tell me that you got hands? No. Nope. Mm. I'm just saying because you definitely should fight. You can't go there and lose. Nope. I'll figure out a way to win though. Can't go there And lose that is that is like a, I don't know, against a civil rights act. Something. I'll figure out a way to win. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. Now you mentioned Remy Ma salute to Remy Ma. I seen her at the game this weekend dropping A cruise bombs from Remy Ma And I. See Remy in a minute. We were talking and she heard us on the radio talking about the time you brought her to South Carolina. That's And. I said. Yeah, Charlemagne said he had you on the back blocks. She said, envy, there was no blocks.


I didn't say that. Said dirt was a dirt road. Forest. Yes, I believe it. She Said, I thought she said, I Ain't gonna lie, never said no back blocks. Why don't I to say back blocks? I the back From, it's like back blocks, but where he from was like back backwards. She said it Was dirt road. She said, I thought Charlamagne was trying to off me. She said it was so so she said it was so dark and it was no streets. It was just dirt. It was just forest the dirt. She said, I thought Charlamagne was trying to off me. It was probably like oh 7, 0 6, 0 7 when Remy win it. I don't remember. Yeah, it was like oh 6, 0 7 maybe. Maybe early oh eight. Yeah. Had her in Summerton, South Carolina. There was a club out there called Club New Vibe, dropping a clues. Bombs for club, new Vibe. S Swann and Cheese. Used to own club, new vibe back in the day. Yes. Yeah.


All right, well salute to Remy Ma. Let Remy Ma be great. She got a new project coming out shortly too. She says she's gonna come up paint a little bit, but let her be great. Leave her alone. She's in her mouth. The Stewart world right now. She's cooking, she's Being she. But ain't nothing with nothing wrong with what she said. What she said. Again, not at all. Ain't this is great advice. I don't think so. Not even like talking about fighting. Sometimes people be kneeing hands put on them, bro. That's right. Every now and then, every now and then. That's all I'm saying. Oh boy. Good morning, Remy. All very sound Device, Remy. Good morning. Very sound device on a Monday morning. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a Don DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com.


That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club,


Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to. We're talking and all things trending in Michael Cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and raw life stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with Gem Sponge, straight up Comia. And that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to, gracias. Come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey friends, Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk and this is Basket Case. What Is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology swaps Of different meds, But by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress, I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman was champion of The World. Ali was smart And he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood Movie, but that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all the biggest slack artists that on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.