
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


A bunch of donkeys out here in the street. That is why Charlemagne is here. If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say anything. Don't give. Damn. Throw it up On The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne, God's a DONKEY, that man Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the who Now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Tuesday, January 21st goes to a 44-year-old woman named Jennifer Neal and 31-year-old Dustin Neil. They're both from Oregon and according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, they were arrested for reportedly impersonating firefighters and using an illegitimate fire truck in the Palisades fire evacuation zone.


I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to King five Seattle for the report please. About 29 people have been arrested in Los Angeles so far in connection to criminal activity related to the ongoing fires. That includes two people from Oregon who tried to drive into an evacuation zone while impersonating firefighters deputies said, Dustin Nell and Jennifer Nell claim to represent Oregon's Roaring River Fire Department, which doesn't even exist. Deputies detained the individuals and questioned them. They have learned that this individual have purchased the vehicle through an auction and they had been in the era for about a couple of days.


The two even had firefighter gear, helmets and radios. Dustin Nell had prior convictions in Oregon for criminal mischief and arson. I was born in 1,978 And I remember dumb ass slogans like fak it until you make it. The reason I believe that's a dumb ass slogan is simply because I don't believe in faking it ever. Okay ladies, this is why your man still doesn't know what he's doing in the bedroom because you keep faking it. But at least there was an end goal. The end goal was to make it okay. We live in a generation now where you have a bunch of people just happy to be faking it and my 46-year-old brain will never understand that. Okay? The whole you turn out to be what you pretend to be not if you don't actually work to be whatever it is you're pretending to be.


Okay? This era just likes pretending, right? This era just likes faking And I don't understand why. Because you all work very, very, very hard to pretend. You all bust your ass to fake things. Dustin and Jennifer didn't just lie and say they were firefighters. They went and got all the gear and a whole fire truck. I didn't know they just had those things lying around. Alright? They claimed they worked for the Roaring River Fire Department in Oregon, but no such agency exists. This is why a bunch of y'all sitting in prison right now for fraudulent PPP loans, okay? Because you created companies like Roaring River Fire, LLC, and no such company existed. But people, the time, the energy, the effort you all put into pretending you can actually put into real work, okay?


This is why I don't understand. This is what I don't understand. All right? We have brains and in these brains we form ideas and then we work towards those ideas. We spend countless hours working towards those ideas. Why is your brain wide to put all this effort into pretending but not actually doing real work? I'll tell you why. Because social media has it the way all you have to do is look the part. That's it folks get off on looking like they're doing something as opposed to actually doing something and y'all pretending to do amazing things. Jennifer and Dustin pretended to be firefighters in the Palisades in la. They showed up in a fake firetruck talking about we're here to save lives.


If you're gonna impersonate a public servant, aim a little lower next time, okay? Don't start as a firefighter showing up to a catastrophe like the LA fires. Be a fake mall cop with something, okay? It's not like being a rapper where you don't even have to have talent anymore. You can just throw on some fake jewelry, whatever the latest rapper wardrobe is. Put little in front of your name and voila, that's easy to impersonate. But firefighters, firefighters have a certain set of skills they have to run in the burning buildings. Jennifer and Dustin wouldn't be able to save you from a flaming hibachi grill. There's too many humans, man. Too many humans in the way. Too many humans in the way out here. Y'all out here trying to be heroes and a fake firetruck while the real heroes are busy risking their lives, trying to save lives.


And what would happen if you all actually got into some action? Huh? You think you're gonna out firefight the real firefighters? The real firefighters gonna see something burning and know what to do with it. You all gonna see something burning and say, nah, I'm just playing pretending to be a firefighter during a tragedy. Like the LA wildfires that's like pretending to be a dentist with no teeth. Okay, Jennifer, Dennis, you all have no tools, no training, and no damn common sense. But what you do have is charges for impersonating a firefighter and entering an evacuation zone. Okay? The truck which was purchased at an auction was also impounded. Sidebar, what's the point of selling a firetruck to regular civilians?


Okay, that should be illegal. What else am I gonna do with a firetruck after I buy it? Anyway? Please give jester and Dustin Neil, Jennifer and Dustin Neil, the sweet sides of the Hamiltons You the day, the dog of the day. What was you gonna do once you got there though? Like once you get in there with the fake firetruck and the fake fire gear, then what? Did they have the masks too for the smoke inhalation? I don't think it matters.


Did they have water in their holes? What was the point? What do you do once you get there? I don't know, But it's Take Pictures for the Grin. But it's funny that you said that. 'cause I seen a special on TV this weekend about people buying these fire trucks and they, it's a lucrative business. They actually rent them out for like kids having birthday parties, parades, and all types of kids activities. Well that makes sense. Where they rent out these fake firetruck that really don't work and they have the lights and everything like that and the ladders and all that. So that Makes sense. 'cause I'm sitting there thinking, why would you even sell that in an auction? But none is There to do of people went to the fires in LA though? No, The fires in la. I don't know what he was going About. You didn't even start small. You went put a gusto like you didn't even try to to get a cat out of a tree and you know what I'm saying?


Right. Lord. Lord, heaven, mercy. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The Breakfast Club,


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kickback with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party. That's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tomer Cohen, LinkedIn's Chief Product Officer. If you're just as curious as I am about the way things are built, then tune into my podcast Building one. I speak with some of the best product builders out there. I've always been inspired by frustration. It came back to my own personal pain point, so we Had to go out to farmers and convince them. Following that curiosity is a superpower. You have to be obsessed with the human condition. Listen To building one on the iHeartRadio app, apple or wherever you get your podcasts.