
Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's level tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step-by-step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's time for DONKEY of The Day. DONKEY of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song of the Today where I got the DONKEY day, so if you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY, The The Breakfast Club bitch who's DONKEY of the Today? Today, Oh, is my mic on? Well at Sharon DONKEY today for Monday, March 24th. It's today the 24th. Let me make sure. Yes, it is. Goes to a former high school girl's basketball coach named Jim Zow. I say former, so happily and proudly because this man was so deserving of a firing. This is one of those mornings where I'm encouraging you to go watch Breakfast Club on Tuby or YouTube. Yes, you can watch Breakfast Club on Tuby, but Jim Zulu was the coach of the Northville Central School District Girls basketball team, and there was an incident that occurred following North Phil's loss in the Class D State championship game.


See, on an online stream of North Phil's game, Zulu was seen pulling the hair of a senior named Hailey Monroe dropping a cruise bombs for Hailey Monroe. As the team was waiting for their medal presentation, the coach yanked her ponytail. Let's go to a BC News 10 for the report, please. Northville girls basketball head coach Jim Zulo, a New York State basketball Hall of Famer, was fired late last night following a post game incident with one of his own players. After North Phil's loss in the Class D championship game, Zulo was seen on the NFHS network broadcast pulling the hair of senior Haley Monroe as the team waited for the medal presentation. The video has garnered a lot of social media outrage.


Zulo told news 10 A, B, C, that Monroe directed an expletive toward him after he instructed her to shake hands with the opposing team, which is what he says led to the incident in a statement the school district said in part, the Northville Central School district is aware of and deeply disturbed by the conduct of the coach of the girls varsity basketball team, adding that the district will be following up with the affected players and their families to provide support and outline the actions we are taking in response to this incident. I see stories like this, And I believe in the star because there is no way that somebody carried this young woman for nine months, pushed her out, went through this excruciating pain called labor, and this guy Jim Zow isn't walking around with his jaw wire and shut today, okay?


It is just impossible for me to believe that this dude would have the audacity, the unmitigated golf to do something like this to someone else's child. Okay? Now I'm all for the village. It takes a village to raise a child, but everybody in the village shouldn't have the same authority. Okay? Now, I grew up in an era where anyone in the circle could put hands on you, all right? From parents to grandparents, aunts, uncles, principals. If you was in the cab of an adult, that adult had permission to put hands on you. I don't agree with that philosophy, And I damn sure wouldn't agree with that philosophy in 2025 because adults got all types of trauma they haven't worked through and they'd be projecting it on to kids. Okay? Won't do that to mine. So I don't care. You know what this guy Jim Zow was going through, whatever Frustration he was feeling, you don't take it out on my child, but yanking her head the way that you did, grabbing her by the ponytail and giving it that tug the way you did.


You damn near gave this girl whiplash because you mad about something. And once again, where was this? Young girl's, parents, a brother, uncle, somebody that smack fire outta Jim Zulu. Okay? At least put the fear of God in him something. I also don't understand how you can be an adult and you're supposed to teach kids to have better conflict resolution skills when you don't have better conflict resolution skills. I get it. You just lost the championship game. Emotions are high. You told her to do something, she didn't do it. That's your story. But you're the adult. You're the leader. You're supposed to teach these young ladies discipline, teamwork, how to handle adversity, and how to live with loss. Okay? You know how many quotes about losing you can Google, okay?


Lionel Messi said there are more important things in life than winning or losing a game. Morgan Wooten said, you learn more from losing than winning. You learn how to keep going. Alex Morgan said, winning and losing isn't everything. Sometimes the journey is just as important as the outcome. Now, other than Lionel Messi, I don't know any of those people, okay? But I Googled and all I gotta do is say those quotes came from Serena Williams, LeBron James, and Gorilla, and dammit, these kids will be motivated and they will live to play another day. Okay? I could actually quote Gorilla after a loss for real. Okay? All I gotta do is say, listen, kids every day, the sun won't shine. But that's why I love tomorrow, okay? You, Jim, let your emotions fumble your professionalism. And Donald Trump needs to sign an executive order that says if an adult assaults your kids in any way, you can assault them back.


You can't go further than assault, can't kill 'em, but you can administer a retaliatory ass whipping of some kind. Okay? F all that. When they go low, we go high nonsense. It's a silly philosophy, a silly philosophy, but don't listen to me. Listen to the author of the 48 Laws of Power, Robert gre. It was the old thing of when they go low, we go high, throw that in the toilet, please, and flush that down. That is a stupid philosophy when they go low. Maybe we go a little bit lower than we normally have, but we're gonna fight. You have to show them that you're gonna fight and do something equal to what they're doing. That's right. So they back off. That's right. You don't necessarily have to do it, but you have to show, give a demonstration that you're going to be tough. There's a line in the sand that they cannot cross. That's right. Or you're gonna make them pay for it.


If they never have a sense that they have to pay consequences for what they're doing, they'll go further and further and further and further. It's a deterrent strategy. The other side, the enemy, the rival, has to feel that they're gonna pay a price for doing something unethical or against the rules. That's, Please let Remy Ma give Jim Zho the biggest. He haw. Heehaw Heehaw, you stupid mother. Are you dumb? Certain lines you can't cross. That's right. And tugging my child's ponytail after a loss is one of them. I agree. Simple as that. But I'm sure they probably gonna sue that man. They gonna sue the school. They ain't gonna get all that. They should shout out to her teammate. I don't know her teammate's name, but shout out to he Monroe teammate for standing up. Young sister, you know, for her for, for, for her.


I still wanna know where the men was at though. Yeah, that's crazy. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength with its available.


I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more.


Toyota, let's go places. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all.


Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you. Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us?


Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.