
Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you, And for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service. And consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic And weather conditions.


What's Up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air Bud I would describe It just very seamless. It's Like you. Clipp It onto your ear And. Then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's Like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, And It. Just make life easier. And seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand, Like, That, without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


This is an ad by Better Help Online therapy. Halloween is a time to have fun with what scares us. And embrace all things spooky, but what about your fears? That don't involve monsters, zombies, And, ghosts, Like. The biggest fears lurking in everyday life. Whether you're navigating an unexpected life change, complex relationships or workplace stresses, therapy is a great tool for facing your fears. And. Finding ways to overcome them because sometimes the scariest thing is avoiding what we fear most in the first place, which let's face It is holding you back from living your best life. If you're interested in starting therapy, give better help a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, And suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And. Switch therapists, AT, any time for no additional charge. Visit better help.com today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com.


This election season, the stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the Choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne to God for we the people in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris And, you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues. And the future of our nation. We may Not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, We are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop beat station.


Curious about queer sexuality. Cruising And, expanding your Horizons Hip play on the sex positive, And, deeply entertaining podcast. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez And. Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships. And culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden Minds And help you pursue your true goals. you can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday


To DONKEY. I Never heard on DONKEY other day. What is It to DONKEY Say It against y'all. Man. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, DONKEY. If. you are a you. Everything That. Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY Today for Monday, October 14th goes to Reginald Reynolds. And Mia Batos. I'm sharp pronounced That name wrong, but we can call her Mia. Bag And Dope. They are 35 And, 37 years old. Respectfully, they are from Portland, Oregon. And, I. Don't know why. When I saw this story today, I thought to myself, either I'm experiencing deja vu or I've done this story before, but I figured out the issue. The issue is there is this bag, That. People buy And. The bag says things about drugs on It.


This particular in this particular case, Reginald And. Mia had a bag. That said, Definitely, Not, A Bag, Full, Of, Drugs Oh. That's what It said on the bag. Definitely Not, A Bag, Full Of, Drugs. Now, if I was a police officer or any type of law enforcement, And, there was a bag in your car. That said, Definitely, Not A, Bag Full, Of Drugs. Guess what bag, I'm going to probably search first. Now, granted, I wouldn't actually believe someone is stupid enough to have a bag. Full Of Drugs And. A bag labeled bag. Full Of Drugs. But this is, this is earth. Okay, 2024. Whatever level of stupidity your brain can conceive, there is a DONKEY on this planet And who can achieve. Let's go to ABC 10 for the report please. Tonight we're looking into a story. That seems hard to believe. It claims a couple was arrested after officers found drugs in a bag.


That had Definitely, Not, A, Bag, Full Of Drugs printed on It And. Folks, this one is true. The Portland Police Bureau in Oregon, look AT. This posted this picture on social media. They say they discover the bag along with cash. A gun And scales during a traffic stop Tuesday inside the bag, you guessed It, they found more than 10 grams of fentanyl, And, meth. know the couple was booked on drug charges along with unauthorized use of a vehicle. And possession of a stolen vehicle. See some of these donkeys be layered. Why would you be riding dirty in a stolen car? Can you please commit to one crime AT a time? Do you simultaneously have to be committing multiple felony offenses?


And, if you're going to be in a stolen car where a Ford Taurus's ignition has been visibly tampered with, why would you have baggies of drugs just visible in a stolen car? Not to mention you got this big brown canvas bag labeled Definitely Not A Bag Full Of Drugs And in That bag. And in That bag was 79 blue Fentanyl pills three fake What? Like your mouth water. Just now you know this. Now That That Like. That's crazy For you to have That you in Delaware. Darn three fake oxycodone tablets And 230 grams of meth. Not to mention a loaded 38 You know I wrote a book called Get Honest to Die Lying, but damn. Okay, Reginald And Mia. you know, they, they, they probably was telling the officers Like.


Look, officer, we're just practicing radical honesty. you know, transparency. And crime is a new movement. And That Officer was Like. Thank you for making my job easier. By the way, this transparency, And crime movement still comes with 15 years to life. Now You know what some of you might be thinking. Is Oregon aren't drugs legal in Oregon? we, in 2020 Oregon decriminalized the possession of small amounts of hard drugs in an effort to redirect city funding from criminalization And toward treatment of substance use disorders. The measure passed with high levels of public support. That faltered as overdose And. Homelessness rates rose in the state during the COVID-19 pandemic. When Rihanna makeup became widely available, but in September, the state criminalized drug possession.


So the moral of the story is all of this was illegal. Okay? There is absolutely no right way to do the wrong thing. Even in Oregon. And, everything Reginald And Mia did was completely wrong. Okay, Reginald And. Mia might be the first criminals in the history of crime who actually labeled the evidence for the police. And You know they thought labeling It not a bag. Full Of Drugs would throw people off Like. There is no way folks would think they were That dumb. But it's not about what we think. It's about what you know about yourself. Reginald And Mia. Okay, you had to know That. you are And indeed That dumb. Okay? Please give Reginald Reynolds And Mia bag And STOs the sweet sounds.


And the Hamiltons You, you of the day. That is ridiculous. I have a Question. That's Like Lauren wearing a T-shirt. That says, definitely not single. What'd you say? What Question? Or Like? you wearing a t-shirt saying definitely healed because It's the journey. Oh is It. It's the process. know, so is mine. Okay, girls. Okay, girls, what is your question, Lauren? I'm feeling Like with Nene And. Portia And. Guess who's Nene? I love to be Portia. Drop a clue bar for Porsche. Hey, You, you, you Just help them out.


you thank you very much. you help them out. That is absolutely my Portia's my Girl, but everybody knows That the real cat. Like the the comebacks is Nene with Porsche. I love to. It's the house That Nene leaks built. But anyway, my question before I was rudely interrupted. Yes, ma'am. Is this not entrapment though? Because why entrapment? Why would you be allowed to sell a bag? That says definitely not drugs. Knowing That, someone might put drugs in It because they think it's Like funny or something. Because there's This thing called satire And. So whoever made That bag was just making It probably just to be funny. And, they knew That. you know, people would walk around with the bug. And just Like up the bag as Like a fashion statement. But they didn't think they'd actually put drugs inside of It. you got a Birkin. What does this say on you? Birkin? Not fake. If. you fake Like. This Birkin. Shout out to Sonic Saturday.


you fake Like. This Birkin. But That has I hate this place. That has nothing. I hate. Hate this place. I hate this place. I just That was shade. It was shade. That was a whole tree. Who you over there planting today? Baby Doing Feeding the soil. Right. Guys, you G Don't worry gals. I'm I. Got a new Bob And. I got some. I'm Ready when we come back. I'm I'm armored by the bob today. Don't play with me. Young Dro And ti will be joining us. We gonna talk to Ti And Young Dro when we come back. I hate this place. Definitely not a nice person. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning,


DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb. And Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And, when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake That ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And, young Sheldon, CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am So glad. That, You. And. C. C are here. And And, Georgie AT, a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier, CBS. Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount plus


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I. Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne, the God for we the people in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And. you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going fast. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tomorrow AT 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific. On the free iHeartRadio app, hip Hop Beat Station.


Curious about queer sexuality. Cruising And, expanding your Horizons Hip play on the sex positive, And, deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez And Chris Patterson Raso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships. And culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden Minds And help you pursue your true goals. you can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days, And less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, Nicknamed Squeaky the other, A middle, middle-aged housewife, working undercover for the FB I, Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one Strange And Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early And, completely ad free. And receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Quila Hughes And. I'm so excited about my new podcast, rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky. And try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I was a lady Rebel Like. What does That even mean? It's right here in black And, white And Prince a lion. It's bigger than a flag or mascot. Listen to Rebel spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.