
October is Cybersecurity Awareness Month, and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors for more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed, or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety Terms apply.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Max Bankman, I'm the New doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey, A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past better dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's inv fed. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have A pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu


Black Tech Green money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style like earing candy. Check out bows.com for more


DONKEY. Say it against y'all man. I'm DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY. DONKEY. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Hmm. Ah. DONKEY today for Tuesday, October 1st goes to an Arizona man named Jesse Michael Johnson. Now Jesse is 28 years old and he was accused on three counts of voyeurism and three counts of disorderly conduct. Now, what is voyeurism for those who don't care to use chat? GPT are Google Voyeurism is the practice of gaining sexual pleasure from watching others when they are naked are engaged in sexual activity. Whoa. Jesse was arrested after allegedly crawling under several women's cars for his sexual gratification.


You heard what I said. This man, Jesse was allegedly caught via camera surveillance at a superstar carwash in Arizona hiding under women's cars so he can get a little peek. Let's go to Fox 10 for the report please. Court Documents alleged 28-year-old Jesse Johnson of Chandler was seen crawling under three women's cars at the superstar carwash in Gilbert, where police say he would hide out there for several minutes looking at and possibly recording their feet. It's something Johnson has been arrested for before in Nebraska in 2016 and 2017, Johnson told law enforcement at that time that he's sexually attracted to women's feet and that he sometimes cannot control his sexual desires. Regarding this. On August 29th, employees at that superstar car wash at Emmett and Riggs Roads, they say Johnson got his car washed three times that day and he would park next to women who were vacuuming their SUVs.


And through surveillance video and working with Gilbert Police, the employees had a partial plate and they were able to keep a lookout when Johnson came back and that's how police were eventually able to track him down and arrest him. Yep. That's me, Jesse Johnson. You're probably wondering how I got here. By here, I mean jail. See, I've told you all a million times, destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. And some people on this planet are just horny than others. And it's that type of horniness that leads to things like freak offs are lead to things like Jesse jerking under a Jaguar. Okay? Masturbating under a Mazda, making Pearl Jam under a Prius. Alright, I just don't understand. As an able penis 28-year-old man, why do you resort to this? I remember the first time I masturbated, okay.


I felt terrible. I felt terrible. I thought it was something I wasn't supposed to be doing. And I thought it was something that losers did because they couldn't get no P ppo and you cried. I stop. I didn't need to put that part of the story again. I just Wanna make sure it was clear that you cried. I Did. Is that that a public knowledge thing? If? you knew that? Oh, I thought that was story before. Okay. Personally, yes. You cried Between other cried like a little baby cry. I masturbated And I used the tears foot. Okay, but listen, I was just telling you my feelings at the time, okay? But I was also a teenager. Lo and behold I was wrong. It is absolutely perfectly okay to season your own meatloaf, but what his actual loser behavior is what Jesse Michael Johnson was doing, like rock bottom wasn't low enough for this man. He was playing his own game of limbo and it led him to go solo that he ended up under women's cars.


I just don't understand how in 2024 one ends up underneath a Range Rover creating tartar sauce. Rainbows, okay? There is literally nothing you can't find online. PornHub literally has a voyeurism category. You know how I know because I went to look for research purposes only. So I don't understand humans like Jesse Michael Johnson, who has a history of sex crimes. By the way, he told authorities in Arizona, as you just heard, that he is sexually attracted to women's feet and could not control his sexual desires once again. There is a category for that on PornHub You know how I know because I looked for research purposes only. But there is a whole porn category on PornHub Envy. Got our OnlyFans with his feet up there.


Okay, Google it. That's not authorized though. That's you. Whatever. That's you. I about to Google that. It's he. He does. I I do. You don't have to take penitentiary chances for your kinks anymore. Okay? What's interesting about this story is according to the surveillance footages, after he would get a peek, he would go back and pretend to clean his tires. I know what you're thinking. What the hell was he using to clean his tires? And was he using the same lubricant to butt airs muffin and clean his tires? Okay. Wait. This man has more sexual history. In June of 2016, he was cited four times in Nebraska for allegedly hiding under cars and grabbing people's ankles.


That's exactly what they gonna do to you in prison, Jesse. Except they're not gonna be under your car. They're gonna pull up to your bumper, okay? Oil up your ankles and make your Tims tap. Jesse. I don't know what to say other than I wish he would've got You know ran over while he was under those cars. And clearly something is off with this man, but truly it's not women's feet he's attracted to. It's not voyeurism. I think this man is attracted to the undercarriage of cars. I believe this man's true calling is to be a mechanic. Okay? Looking at that undercarriage, it just does something to him. Okay? It's where the magic happens, don't it? Jesse? You've given a whole new meaning to the term splash shield. Okay? Splash shield usually protects the engine from dirt and water. You know the usual stuff you'd expect under a car, but nope.


Jesse is adding skeet to that equation. Okay? He's using the splash shield as his own privacy curtain. All right, Jesse? The splash shield is doing his job by keeping things clean under the hood. Maybe you should take a hint, okay? And clean up your act. Please give Jesse Michael Johnson heavy on the Johnson the biggest heehaw Strange world we live in. Y'all. That is correct. I that all new fans that you looked up is not mine, not Authorized. Would you see you find this Page N No, I didn't find a page. I was as good. You saw MV feet? No. The first thing that popped up was somebody on YouTube. They, they talking about DJ Envy said DJ Envy scamming question mark.


OnlyFans first date tips. That was the first thing that popped up. Yeah. Somebody made it OnlyFans of my feet. It's not mine. I don't get nothing. That's definitely, it's not me. That Is definitely So I get new pictures then. It's not, It's it's pictures. Is it still active? I don't know. It wouldn't come on. I didn't see it. Can we go play a Game? No. Now you won't play a game. Yout play a game You don't wanna play. The only I put on game. I talking about your damn feet. I'm Not my feet. I'm talking Johnson. You're disgusted. I'm right now. I can't take this anymore. I've had enough y'all did y'all just hit that? The only person that heard That. It's Jesse's Johnson. You Asked me to play with his feet. And I. I'm not playing with your feet. I'm not talking about my feet. I'm talking about my Johnson. I'm going to HR today and Here's the fancy Holidays.


I need another check. He didn't say you're Johnson. He said Johnson. Nope. Well, Nick Red, y'all coming with me? Y'all in the room too. Y'all coming with me? Okay. All right. Let's go. Get paid heavy You. know what? What is going on? Let's Go get paid. Thank You for the DONKEY today.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs off. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A B, C, Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past, our streams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Bfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. Five five. Casino


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


October is cybersecurity Awareness month and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game. Using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors for more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety. Terms apply.