
Adventure awaits at every turn In Cedar City, Utah, hike through breathtaking red rock canyons, bike along scenic trails, and catch a show at the Utah Shakespeare Festival. There's so much to discover in Cedar City, Utah. Check out. Visit cedar city.com to learn more


Welcome to good game with Sarah Spain, your one stop shop. For the biggest stories in women's sports every day I'm bringing you the stake stars, stats and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome and if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect the teamwork competition and rivalries that we love to watch. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcasts, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Yo, It's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank Podcast will feature individuals all walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. This podcast will explore all type of conversations from everyday people, your favorite celebrities. Every Monday, listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you get your podcast. Presented by at and t connecting changes everything.


Hi, I'm Katie Lowes And. I'm Guillermo Diaz, And we're the hosts of Unpacking the Toolbox, the Scandal Rewatch podcast where we're talking about all the best moments of the show Mesmerizing, But also we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwin, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington. Well Suit up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes stories with unpacking the toolbox. Listen to unpacking the toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, Or wherever you get your podcasts.


The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the, he laughed. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produced such strange News? I don't know If I catch all ass in traffic. I whisperer my, y'all gonna suck it. It is just one of the many wacky mood stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Oh, Kodak doggie. Today for Thursday, July 18th goes to a Florida man, simply known as aj. Now, what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida, and today is no exception. See, I saw some body cam footage. Okay, there's some body cam footage that was released that shows two female Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission officers questioning.


A man identified his AJ and his girlfriend on a boat somewhere in the Florida Keys. It all started because the two officers told the couple they were searching the area for a different vessel in their jurisdiction, and lo and behold, cops discovered that AJ and his girlfriend didn't have IDs on them, and the boat he was operating was breaking a number of codes. So AJ starts to get agitated and asked the officers if they're just out here trying to catch people breaking laws on the water, the cops replied and just let AJ know, Hey, we're just doing our job. AJ starts to get pissed off. So one of the officers asked AJ say, bro, you got a warrant out because people only start acting like this because they've got a warrant. AJ's girlfriend tells him to relax. You're freaking out. So AJ being the Florida man, he is tells the officers, so what happens if I jump in the water and just swim away?


The officer tells aj, I'm gonna follow you. I'm telling you you're not free to leave. Then the cop looks and realizes AJ does have a warrant out. So AJ says, I'm going to swim home. AJ's girlfriend says, aj, I swear to God, If, you jump in that water. I'll be gone tomorrow. Then AJ's girlfriend did something that is one of the greatest sources of anxiety for men all around The, World. She asked for the password to AJ's phone In the middle of all this. Yes, what happens is next is insane and 99% of the country, but it's just a perfectly normal Sunday in Florida. Let's go to A B, C News, 25 Columbia for the report Police, A Florida man jumped into the ocean. Why? To avoid getting arrested for p priors and more importantly, being jailed permanently by giving his girlfriend his phone passcode.


Oh goodness. Now this video from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission shows AJ's girlfriend repeatedly trying to get him to calm down with his attitude leading the officers to try and arrest him for an outstanding warrant. He said he'd rather not go to jail on a Sunday because he'd have to spend the night. His girlfriend then pulled out his phone and repeatedly asked him to unlock it, telling him she can't help him unless it's unlocked. So what does he do? Well, he grabs the phone, then feet on the edge, bend at the knees back stiff as aboard and spring. He dove right in the water where he proceeded to try and swim home.


Cops jumped in, handcuffed him and passed him off to a police officer waiting on the shore. The thought of that Florida man, AJ having to give up his passcode, turn that man in the Michael Phelps. Okay? I read stories like this and all I think to myself is, damn it feels good to be a faithful black man. Drop on a clues, bombs for us, faithful black men don't have those problems and don't want those problems. That's right. Nothing makes you feel more free than just handing you a woman your phone with no worries of guilt. You'd be like, baby, look at this video and just hand her your phone. Video can be a whole minute, 30 seconds, sometimes even two. When you a faithful black male, you don't care. You walk out the room, let her walk, let her look at it, come back. If the phone locks while she's walking, if she asks you what's the passcode, you can't wait to tell her.


In fact, if you're really doing it right, she already know your passcode. Okay, but If, you don't. You say it loud and proud, like Mike Jones used to say, his phone number, (281) 330-8004. Okay? When you a faithful black male, you are excited and happy to share the password to your phone. The same way those of us born in the 19 hundreds was proud and excited to share the contra code. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. B, a start, B, A, b, a. Select start, sir. It. BA, BA. Select start. Yeah. B, A, b, a. Select start. Damn, I'm still lying about my passcode. Think about all the sharks, stingrays, gators, namos. That could have been in that water and he would've rather the G his eat his ass. Then have his girlfriend catch him eating some ass.


That's not hers. Last time I saw a man jump in the water with no hesitation, like that was the young brother from the Montgomery Riverfront brawl drop on a co bomb for that young brother. Okay? By the way, he might not have been cheating. He just didn't want his girlfriend to see his web browser history. That alone can be a red flag. Okay? Nope. You heard him say nobody wants to go to jail on a On a a Sunday. Right? Because he wouldn't get out till Monday. That's very true. Nobody wants to go to jail on a Sunday. But in that moment, he had to weigh his options, spend the night in jail, okay. With a mentally ill person. Nickname Stink shank or give your girlfriend the four digit PenFed to get access to your phone. That man chose swimming with gators and shocks. Okay? Right.


He didn't want option A or B. He had other plans. God bless. And we don't have to play a game of, guess what race it is because we know black men don't cheat and black men can't swim. Psych. Psych. Okay. That is a false stereotype. We came out to pee swimming. All right. I've been swimming since I was a sperm. All right. Please give AJ from Florida the biggest hee-haw. All right, so ghetto. Did they break up? Oh yeah. She gone. He said, he said they. They said that in the news report. Damn, They so nosy. You Sure there was a select start in that country card? I I don't remember.


No. Select. I think it was up, up, down, down. Left, right, left, right. B Start. It's BA, BA. Select start. Nah, I think it was just Ba start. It's Ba. It's BA, b, a. It is BA, BA. I don't think it's no, BA, BA, bro. I think it's up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Ba start. It's talking about start pagers And beers. It is Baba. I don't think it's two bas, bro. It Is two bas. I don't know not to get 30 lives in contract. Yes It is. What Are Y'all talking about? A video game. The Contra code. It was came out before you were something born. Something in the nineties. Oh, 19. 19. What year was you born, Jeff? 92. When Contra came out. Contra might have came out in the late eighties.


Yeah, up, down. It is up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. It's, this is not right. This is where you Got it from is right. No, this ain't to be right when I'm right. It it was never. It's up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Ba start. I don't remember. No ba b select Ba select Start. No, it's not. It's up, up, down, down, down. Left, right, left, right. Ba start. I bet Somebody I'm gonna pull my video game out later. Right now, I can't remember now. Now you confused me. Alright. All right. Well thank you for that DONKEY today, and if you're on social media, please hit Hit me up. I would love to know, If you The code to get 30 lives in Contra was up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Ba start. Some things you don't forget, like your house phone number growing up.


I still remember that You. know what I'm saying? Your grandma phone number growing up. I still remember that in the Contra. I thought I remembered that. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club Welcome to Good Game with Sarah Spain, your one-stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day. I'm bringing you the stakes, stars, stats, and stories to keep you up to date.


If you're new to women's sports, welcome and if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect the teamwork competition and rivalries that we love to watch. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions.


S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday. Yo, It's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank Podcast will feature individuals all walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging, enlightened conversation. This podcast will explore all type of conversations from everyday people, your favorite celebrities, every money. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you get your podcast. Presented by at and t connecting changes everything.


Hi, I am Katie Lowes. And I'm Guillermo Diaz. And we're the hosts of Unpacking the Toolbox, the Scandal Rewatch podcast where we're talking about all the best moments of the show mesmerizing, but also we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwin, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington. Well suit Up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes stories with unpacking the toolbox. Listen to unpacking the toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, Or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, parents, looking for something fun to listen to in the car with your kids? Blippy and Mika have a brand new podcast, Blippy and Mika's Road trip. Each week the Blippy Mobile will take your kids to amazing places. Your kids will learn awesome new things about the places and things they see and hear. It's a fun interactive listening experience for the whole family. Listen to Blippy and Mika's Road trip on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.