
Treachery backstabbing murder. Emmy winning the traitors is back for an all new season. Here we go again. Join me for the ultimate game of survival where making it to the end is a matter of life and death. This Game is torture dust. I can feel my blood pressure rise. If you carry on with that cocky attitude, you might get yourself in trouble. Oh, I've missed this. The Trade US streaming now only on Peacock,


The New Year's here. It's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate, Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the pool. He laughed. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news? If I catch all assy traffic, a whip w y'all. It's just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida On The Breakfast Club, Man. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Thursday, January 9th, goes to a 60-year-old substitute teacher named Gail Wessell. Now, Gail was a substitute teacher for some elementary school kids at Park Avenue Private School in Lake Wells, Florida. What does Jean Charla always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception.


We was just having this conversation yesterday about the parental paranoia we all feel when we send our kids out into The World, okay? We are sending them to school every day with the hope that the teachers and administration of the school they are attending treat our kids like their own. What a gamble that is. Okay. Now, I get on this radio all the time and tell you that every day of our lives we are trying to avoid crazy. Okay? How do we know we not dropping our children off to the crazy though? That's why parental paranoia, the anxiety that you feel as a parent is such a real thing. And this story with Gail Wessel is absolutely not gonna do anything to make your parental paranoia feel better.


Because see, Gail exposed some of these elementary school kids to something they ain't got no business seeing, and that's something is her naked. Let's go to CBS 10 Tampa for the report. Please let Substitute teacher in Lake Wales is facing churches. Kids are of showing students explicit photos of herself. This happened in November at Park Avenue Private School, but police have now found and arrested her. They say she tried to delete the photos while detectives were speaking with her, but later admitted to showing them to the elementary school kids. Investigators are asking you to come forward. If you know anything about this case, Lock her up. Lock her up. These are minors, elementary school kids. I know we live in a world where they see worse on social media, but that's what discovery is all about.


Okay? Little kids being curious and seeking out nude photos on their own is completely different than a big grown ass woman showing them nude photos of herself. Not to mention Gail is not attractive. Okay? Somebody print me out a picture of Gail. You wanna see what Gail look like? Yeah. Hold on. Let me show y'all what Gail look like. Real quick. I meant to print out a picture. This is Gail, y'all. Oh, no, right? No. Gail looks like her memoir would be titled 12 Years of Meth Head. Well, she's 60, so actually probably 40 years. Okay, look, Gail is 60, but she looks like she just turned dead. Okay? And she looks like she's been dead for a couple of weeks. What I'm trying to say is the woman is aging like milk. There is no reason for her to be showing her spoiled ass titties, the kids, okay?


It's wrong period to be exposing mine as the new pictures of yourself as a teacher, but the delusion to think you are even show off worthy, okay? And I'm gonna tell you, all right, you are corrupting these kids in ways you may not understand because I'm gonna tell you something that a lot of men don't talk about. Well, at least I've never heard it discussed publicly. And that is the first time we ever laid eyes on a naked woman. That is a very pivotal and important point in a man's life, okay? Every man remembers the first time we saw a woman in the nude. Doesn't matter if it was in real life or a porno or a Penthouse magazine or Playboy C, y'all generation got it easy. Okay? We would've to sneak a peek of someone's Playboy or Penthouse magazine. Nowadays, you can just go on PornHub. Hell, you can just go on X. This generation will never know or understand what it feels like to just stumble upon somebody's porn stash.


Okay? Oh, the 19 hundreds was the time. Your uncle, your big brother, your dad, your granddad, you just in their room looking for something else and discover a Nudie magazine. What you talking about? Okay, A nud, a Nudie magazine filled with the hairiest a goodness. Okay? I remember when I got my hands on a penthouse And I put it in my trapper keeper, and we would gather around that trapper keeper often, and look at those vintage eighties bodies. Every man remembers the first nude woman they saw envy. Do you remember the first nude woman you ever saw? Yep. Talker. I don't know if it was HBO or Showtime, but back in the day at night, HBO and Showtime used to have them sex scenes, porkies, Revenge, and nerves. Oh my goodness. Oh man, what you talking about? Or cable like back in the day, cable, like the high, the high channels used to have nothing but porn all all day.


So if you put, if you like, go up and down fast, like 1 35, 1 36, 1 35, 1 36, you get to see it clear. Ooh, Red. Do you remember the first I remember woman? You ever saw Red? Yeah, the same cable had it. So growing up, and then my uncle had a stash. He had like a statue of like 15 Playboy books. Come on now in The bathroom. I knew exactly where it was at. I'll never forget it. Come On now. He said I'll never forget It. Why am I bringing this up? Because Gail Wessel is not the first naked woman any young man should be exposed to. Okay? Seeing a woman like Gail Naked, ugh, could easily turn a young man gay. Nothing wrong with being gay, okay? By the way, I'm just simply saying we don't need this in the classroom. Governor DeSantis signed the don't say gay bill. The law says public school teachers may not instruct on sexual orientation or gender identity and grades kindergarten through third grade.


I am saying that someone like Gail has found a way around that because she knows if she shows young men her nudes, they would never want to touch a woman. Okay? I'm looking at her mugshot. Look at her mugshot. Once again, yo, just look. Just Look. If I her mugshot, if that naked it, I would never, come on, Man. All I can think to myself, on top of her other charges showing obscene material to minors is one of her charges. She also needs to be charged with a hate crime. Mm. Okay. She looks like an old Republican senator. Alright, just close your eyes and imagine a moose knuckle covered in plain non-fat yogurt. That's how Gail looks. Ugh. And I personally think because of Florida's don't say gay laws. Gail was planted in that classroom and exposed those disgusting news to those kids so she can make those young men not want women.


Her name is Gail, and you can't spell Gail without gay. And can none of y'all tell me I'm wrong because Facebook doesn't do fact checking anymore. So my conspiracy theory going fly. But seriously, what Gail did is disgusting and very perverted. And this is why more and more parents are choosing to homeschool their kids. Please let Kathy Griffin give Gail Wessel the biggest heehaw. Please give this Giant jar of mail the biggest heehaw. Oh my gosh. Come On man. Cut it out. That's Michael rap, man. Cut it out, man. That show. Look at this man. It's a different muff shot with her with short hair itm, Man. Crazy. Did you imagine seeing that naked for the first time? You might not never want to touch it. A naked person.


Jesus, That's, didn't I Just say that? I'm just saying it again. That picture looks even worse. I, I'm trying to tell you, Jesus, what happened happened. That's not real. That's not real. There's no such thing as only mans.com, right? I don't know. I only, the only mans.com. I have no idea. I've just not something I've searched before And I wouldn't want that in my search history. Somebody. But now it's in your search history. Somebody Said it's a, it Says only mans.com is coming soon. Really? Well, our producer Mac said that there's some pictures of Caitlyn, Jenna posing on only mans.com, and that's what this mugshot look like. He's stupid, so he must got something that we don't know. I right. M Mack must got something We don't something exclusive.


Damn. He got something new on his five stick, right? All right, well thank you for that DONKEY of the Day.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house right now. We're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Mo, Irish, spring Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really No really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why The Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor? What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.