
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And. I. Want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know, so I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


This is a miracle. There is no question that There are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a DONKEY. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new development in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage. Man, Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. White man. The, Breakfast, Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? DONKEY today for Monday, October 28th goes to comedian Tony Hinchcliffe Trump, senior advisor Steven Miller, held a whole Trump campaign.


Okay? Now, if you haven't heard, Donald Trump held a rally at Madison Square Garden yesterday. Now, a lot of people were likening this rally to a pro-Nazi event that happened at the Garden in 1939. People would only make those comparisons based on the rhetoric of Donald Trump because there's been other political events at M-S-G-J-F-K had a birthday party there. That's when Marilyn Monroe serenaded him. The DNC and the RNC have had conventions there. It's been political events there before, but none of those got compared to pro-Nazi events because the headliner of the events didn't speak like Nazis. Okay, well, you would think that if leading up to the event people were comparing You know, comparing the event to a pro-Nazi rally, if I was Trump or Trump's campaign, I would probably tell everybody on the bill to go the opposite way of that rhetoric.


But that wouldn't be the Mag way, would it? Tony Hinchcliffe, according to People Magazine was the first speaker of nearly 30 openers, and he let the chopper fly. He hit Latinos, Jewish people and black people. He was just the opener. Okay, let's listen to what he said about Jewish people and the conflict in the Middle East. We got that read. When it comes to Israel and Palestine, we're all thinking the same thing. Settle your stuff already best outta three. Rock, paper, scissors, You. know the Palestinians are gonna throw rock every time. Beel also know the Jews. Have a hard time throwing that paper You. know what I'm saying?


Let's listen to what Tony Hinch cliff said about black people. The other side's got a lot of crazy endorsements. Swift, Eminem, Leo DiCaprio, Beyonce. Every day the Democratic Party looks more and more like a P Diddy party. Oh. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. That's what you guys want. Heck yeah. That's cool. Black guy with a thing on his head. What the hell is that? A lampshade. Look at this guy. Oh my goodness. I'm just kidding. That's one of my buddies. He had a Halloween party last night. We had fun. We carved watermelons together. It was awesome. Let's listen to what he said about Latinos.


It's wild. And these Latinos, they love making babies too. Just know that They do. They do. There's no pulling out. They don't do that. They come inside just like they did to our country. It is absolutely wild times. There's a lot going on. Like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah, I think it's called Puerto Rico. He's wild. Yo Trump should have took him on on speaker phone. Crazy. Like, that's the friend. You don't put the like, come on, Jesus Christ. He's Like, what? Nah. Here's the thing. I'm all for offensive comedy, okay? I actually love it. And I don't have an issue with it. Push the envelope. It has a place. But what's the number one rule of offensive humor?


It has to be funny, hysterical. You have to say to yourself, that was fd up. But man, it was funny, Tony, you wasn't funny. Okay? I was sitting there thinking to myself, he wrote this like it was basic felt almost chat g Tish, right? First of all, SL to all the Puerto Ricans out there. Drop on a cruise bombs for Puerto Rico. Okay, y'all are America. If you're not America, you're damn sure in New York, okay? All day, right? New Yorkers love Puerto Ricans, new Yorkers You know. Think Puerto Rico is an exotic and and beautiful island because it is. And Puerto Rico is part of America. Am I tripping? It is. Okay. It's absolutely positively is Tony, you was in there pandering and didn't even know who you was pandering to.


Okay? I think the black joke with some crowd work, but everything else, it sounds like he actually gave thought to it, wrote it out, which makes this even worse because it simply wasn't funny. And what I don't get, what I don't understand, and the reason I'm giving out this hee-haw, is why? What is the reason? And I'm talking directly to the Trump campaign. You are running a campaign to be the next president of the United States of America. You have to be a president to all people or at least act like you are. Okay? There was a point where Republican, Matt Gaetz said, for every Karen Maga loses, there is a Julio and Jamal ready to sign up. Now what that means is that polls show they are losing white women in polls. Were showing that they were seeing record numbers in black and Latino men.


That has recently changed. 'cause I saw a A BC news poll yesterday that showed the Vice president Kamala Harris winning black men, 85% Hispanic men, 63%. So either something she is currently doing is working, or those polls saying black men weren't supporting her. Were wrong. I lean to the polls were wrong, but let's just talk politics, right? This is, this was just bad politics yesterday. This is why I say Donald Trump is in entertaining on podcast. Okay? Donald Trump is entertaining on podcasts, but he's really bad at politics. At some point, people have to start acknowledging this. He hasn't won a campaign since 2016 and because he is not able, he's not able to grow his base past maga. That's it. Okay? He will always win big with his base, but he can't broaden his support because of stuff like this.


Now, his campaign did release a statement. This is what they said. Let's go to ABC seven, New York for the report, please. Tony Hinchcliffe is a comedian and podcaster and his remarks set off in avalanche of criticism. His comments targeted a critical demographic in a very tight election. Crazy analysts anticipate a record. 36.2 million Latinos will cast a ballot this year. Many of them Puerto Ricans who live in New York and Florida and Pennsylvania officials in Puerto Rico responded as well. Jennifer Gonzalez, a Republican running to be the island's governor, called the comments despicable, inappropriate, and disgusting.


In Florida, Republican senator Rick Scott said the joke bombed for a reason. It's not funny and it's not true. Puerto Ricans are amazing people and amazing Americans. Moments ago, hinge Cliff came to his own defense. He said, these people have no sense of humor. I love Puerto Rico and vacation there. Now, former President Trump's campaign released a statement tonight saying the joke does not reflect the views of President Trump or the campaign. Nope. You can't distance yourself from it now. There is no distance. You put this man on your program. You didn't vet anything he was gonna say. You just let him go up there and speak freely. You cannot have it both ways. You can't garner the support of bigots and white supremacists and then distance yourself when the inev inevitable backlash comes.


Okay? That wasn't the only thing though. Trump's senior advisor, Steven Miller, he said, America is for Americans. And Americans only You know who said something similar in 1934. Adolf Hitler when he said Germany is for Germans and Germans only. Do we have Steven's comments, right? America is for Americans and Americans only. That was last night. Once again, 1934. Adolf Hitler, Germany is for Germans and Germans only. Listen man, why insult any demographic when the election is so tight? And if you wanna support Trump as a black person, Latino person, Jewish person, that's your business. But just know you are voting against your own interest. You are voting for a man in a power structure that simply does not respect you.


Okay? We've been watching and listening to this kind of rhetoric since 2016. And the words of Maya Angelou, when someone shows you who they are, believe them. I stand on the fact that Donald Trump does not wanna be president of the United States of America. I bet if they cut him with some type of deal to where he wouldn't end up in prison, he would walk away because he is doing everything in his power to not win. Now he's building up an incredible code of racist and bigots that are gonna support him to the end, but he's not trying to win this election. And if you are black, latino, Jewish, any minority women, if you are any minority, and you are voting for Donald Trump, I have one question. Who taught you to hate yourself? Please give Tony Hinch cliff in the whole Trump campaign. The biggest. He haw?


Mm Mm All right. I don't even know, like what did Trump say over the like at the riot? I ain't hear it Now. Didn't hear nothing. Honestly, I don't even know. I decided a Beyonce, the dance party with Beyonce. But that was before he got the New Yorker. After he left New York? No, That was before, after. Okay. I only seen a picture. I didn't actually hear him talk. He Probably kept it light. He was like, man, y'all went too hard. You know when you a DJ and you got a bunch of DJs opening for you and they played all the hits and it's like, damn, what do I do now? Yeah, I don't even know what he said. Dang. We can Chacha slide. Chacha slide is crazy. They did that last time, didn't they? Didn't Chacha slide before? I don't know. I thought he played some music today with Chacha. Carbon watermelons is crazy that That is wild. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft.


Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services.


Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor.


State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


History has made this world of ours. History is the reason that I'm talking to in English from a place called the UK with its castles, its warm beer and cricket. It's why the United States doesn't have King Charles in its currency, but Canada does. I'm Dan Snow And I host, Dan Snow's history. Hit podcast. If you want to know the origin stories of the cities we inhabit, why we've always been drawn dictators, or the long history of what's going on in the Middle East. We've got you covered. Learn about the past and understand our world today. Listen to Dan Snow's history. Hit wherever you get your podcasts.