
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Welcome to The World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart This Christmas.


So you're her, right? You're the boxer Experience, the incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout. Crowd pleaser. I'm Been trained for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life For this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13, only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day,


The big holiday beauty sale at Ulta Beauty is happening now. Get the best gifts up to 50% off, including can't miss deals on urban decay palettes and the fabulous shark dryer and Styler, my skin is so important to me. So You know, I got the first aid, beauty ultra repair cream. Gotta make sure I hydrate my skin. But that's not all. New deals drop every week. So whether you're treating yourself or finding the perfect gifts for your crew, head to an Ulta beauty store today. Get all the best gifts. All at Ulta Beauty.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, But you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne involved. Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dony Day too? Now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Thursday, December 12th goes to a New York woman named Gladys Serrano. Gladys is 70 years old and she's one of these humans who I just don't understand. I have a real problem, a real issue with people who waste time and energy on foolishness. Okay, we on the radio, so I can't say BSing. I would like to, I would like to sound it out. I have a real problem, a real issue with people who waste valuable time and energy. BSing, You know what I want to say, but I can't. We only got one life. We do know that, right? So there's absolutely zero time to waste it on foolishness, but sadly, we just live in an era where people would rather pretend to be somebody than actually take the time and hard work it takes to actually be somebody.


Okay? You'd rather pretend to be somebody than actually take the time and hard work it takes to actually be somebody. Okay? See, Gladys is accused of running a dentist office outta her one bedroom apartment. She was running a dentist's office outta her kitchen without a license. Of course, first of all, I don't know who pisses me off more this woman pretending to be a dentist or the patients who go see her. If you going to, You know, invite just any old body into your mouth, you might as well be a porn star. Let's go to Pix 1140 report please. Meanwhile, a lot would arrest for a dentist office out of her Hempstead apartment without a license. The Nassau County District Attorney says 70-year-old Gladys Serrano set up a bogus business in her kitchen with a hanging curtain as a divider.


You can see the patient chair there positioned near the sink. Next to it, jurors police say were full of medication and used dental instruments. Investigators caught wind of the operation after she allegedly extracted five teeth from a victim and charged her $1,500. This woman is 70 years old. I don't know when she decided she wanted to be a dentist, but she could have went to school to be an actual dentist. Now, records show Gladys is not licensed to practice dentistry in New York, but if you ask me, she's probably not licensed anywhere. Now, I tell y'all all the time, I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I the strongest Avenger. Okay? I was a child that got left behind. Okay? I was before George w Bush's, no child left behind policy.


Okay? I was supposed to graduate from Berkeley High School in 1996. I graduated from Berkeley High School in 1998 via night school. Okay? Dropping a cruise bombs from Berkeley High School in North corner, South Carolina. So I'm saying all that to say I still know the difference between one in five. Okay? See, the victim in this story went to Serrano based on a referral for a single tooth extraction. She went to get one tooth removed and ended up getting five taken out. Okay? The question is, how many teeth is Gladys Serrano going to have after she gets punched in her mouth for playing in people's faces? Literally, and it's not like she was cheap, okay? Now I'm not a dentist, but I did some research and by research I Googled how much does the tooth extraction cost?


It says it could be anywhere from 75 to $250 for a simple extraction. Surgical extraction can range from 180 to $550. What is That? Extraction? Extraction. Extraction. Yo extraction. I'm saying that education. No, it wasn't, but that, oh, What did I say? Wrong Extraction, babe. Not extraction. That's I said extraction. Okay. Okay. Surgical extraction can range from 180 to, I refuse. I refuse to take this from either one of y'all. Okay. Alright. Surgical scratching can range from 180 to $550 per tooth. Now, I don't know if she had simple or surgical, but she paid $1,950. I know the news report said 1500, but the other news report said 19 $1,950.


That's too much for a single tooth extraction. So I'm trying to figure out when did she pay her because it couldn't have been before. She should know better than to pay $1,950 for a single tooth extraction. And I'm damn sure not paying you that after you remove five of my teeth when I just came here to get one removed. Okay? This is the moral of the story of the day. We gotta stop playing. We gotta stop playing this whole fake it until you make it. You turn out to be what you pretend to be. People just thinking they can do things because of a video they say on T, they saw on TikTok or YouTube. No, people have skill sets for a reason. People go to school, they put in their 10,000 hours. They have actual experience in the field or industry that you pretending to be in.


Can we please get back to letting the experts be experts? And if you want to be an expert at something, then take the steps to be that. Okay? Practice set goals, get feedback, find a mentor. All right? Learn continuously, but most of all, put in some work, some real work. You can't just wake up and say, Hey, I wanna be a dentist. Regardless of how many gullible suckers there are out there, you have to go and earn a bachelor's degree, usually in a science related field. Take the dental admissions test, apply to and attend dental school to get a doctor of dental surgery or doctor of medicine and dentistry degree, and then pass licensing exams to practice dentistry. You know where I learned that at Google?


Okay. How y'all go online learning How to Do Everything but the right thing. You can learn what steps to take to be a real dentist from a quick Google search, but that's not what you want to do. What you want to do is pretend to be something you're not until you're exposed for the fraud that you are. Please let Remi ma give Gladys Serrano the biggest heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Come on, man. I know it takes, it might take a little bit longer. It might take a little bit longer, but you'll eventually get there. She, She's 70. She ain't got time to be going to school. When did she decide she wanted to be a dentist though? How long she been playing this game with people? Probably at 69.


Damn. She probably just realized it. But my thing is, you should be giving the people who went, who went to her KY other day, yo. Well, that's why she next to the kitchen. Yeah, That's why I said I don't know who I get mad at more the person Gladys Serrano doing this or the ass people who go to get it done by her. Because this is the thing. I don't what were they asleep? Like you, you can feel somebody removing full extra teeth. Yeah. How did, yeah, how did your mouth, like why did you sit there and wait? She Had she, she had drugs and all of that, so she probably was numbing them up. But all the more reason. I don't know why you would let somebody play in your mouth like that, like in a kitchen. Oh my God. In a one bedroom apartment in New York City. Ugh. Dang. Ugh. Wow. All right. When the last time somebody been in your mouth, in a one bedroom apartment in New York Envy.


That is crazy. I'm taking it back to the nineties. It's never happened. What's going on? Can't never happen taking it back. What about you, honey? I never, it's a lie. Ask him the same question about South Carolinas New Jersey for you. New Jersey. All right, so messed out. All right, y'all such victims. Aw DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the partition Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength, and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If Your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds, And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker Artesian Get $50 off any cocktail maker at artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Boost Your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.