
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight, so join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram and TikTok at


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Oh man, charlamagne, you've giving DONKEY the day to who now? Well, Buster Rhyme DONKEY, the day for Thursday, March 20th is a double DONKEY. It goes to 31-year-old Mike Keller, Brier, Ryer dom, and 55-year-old Michael Dale. Now Mickayla is an OnlyFans model. I guess that's an actual job title nowadays. Her performer name is Ashley Cinca and she was hired by Michael Dale to perform A-B-D-S-M Sex Act. Now you all know what BD SM is. Correct? Bondage, disciplined dominant submission. You know all types of bondage. You got handcuffs, you got rope play, you got blindfolding, you got mummification. Different role play scenarios. For example, teacher, student boss, employee Envy was doing Barack and Michelle last night.


You can do Diddy and anyone on making the band. You get the picture. Well, Michael had 11,000 in disposable income recession where? Okay, he had 11,000 to spend on BDSM, so he decided to order some mummification with a side of what seems to be a power exchange and a role play scenario because Michael wanted to be mummified and Saran wrap and he wanted a pair of woman's boots glued to his feet. Yes, this man wanted to be treated like some leftovers. He wanted to be wrapped up like une food. Keep me fresh baby. Okay, this man wanted to know what it felt like to be a sandwich. Wrap me up and eat this D for lunch Later. I hear stories like this And I just think to myself, I'm just not that freaky.


And why would he want the woman's boots glued to his feet? Well, I did some research and by research Emini here, I asked Chad, GPT, why do men like women's boots as a fetish and chat? GPT said because of sensory stimulation. Okay, women's boots, especially those made of leather or latex or suede, provide unique textures and sensations that can be physically or psychologically stimulating. Okay, it says the act of zipping, zipping up or lacing or feeling the snug fit of high boots can be pleasurable. I also asked chat, GPT, why would someone glue the woman's beat the woman's boots to their feet and it's just a fetish. Okay, kinky related behavior. Some individuals enjoy being physically restrained and permanently securing the boots could heighten that experience.


I guess this is where the term kinky boots comes from, but this is what Michael ordered. Little did he know that order came with an all expense paid trip to the afterlife. Let's go to Mercury News for the report please. A 31-year-old woman has been charged with murder after a man who paid her to engage in fetish acts died after he'd had a bag on his head secured with duct tape. During their encounter in an Escondido home, she recorded the interactions to use as content for her OnlyFans site. The incident allegedly occurred between two consenting adults during what appears to be bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadism and masochism more commonly referred to as BDSM. While legal experts say a victim's consent to take part in dangerous acts is not a defense to homicide, some said it might be a mitigating factor in the document.


Police said Dale first reached out to Ry Lardo after spotting her ad on a website. Police said was commonly used for escort or stripper services in texts and phone calls. In March and April of 2023, the affidavit states Dale made some unusual requests, including that she wrap him like a mummy and Saran wrap and glue a pair of women's boots onto his feet. As he lay unresponsive, she was performing a sex act nearby, apparently creating content for her OnlyFans page. The document alleges. Now look man, if I'm gonna pay 11,000 for some BDSM, I'm not paying no rookie. Okay, this woman, McKayla, according to the news report, never engaged in BDSM sex before.


You don't let the person who can't cook but wants to learn, make Thanksgiving dinner. No, no, no, no, no. You can learn to cook one random Thursday in March, but we not trusting you with one of the most meaningful meals of the year. That's not happening. There is a reason rookies don't get max contracts right out of the gate. You gotta prove yourself 11,000. That's the reason this is a double DONKEY. I don't kink shame, but 11,000 to a woman who's never done this before. No, imagine paying the person who never cooked before 11,000 to cook Thanksgiving dinner and then they burn up all the food. You gotta blame yourself because you knew this person never cooked before, but you trusted them and paid them 11,000 and McKayla. The on. The reason you getting DONKEY is because you put duct tape over this man's mouth.


You put some WR wrap in a plastic bag over his head and you sat there and watched this man suffocate on the floor. You watched the Turkey burn, but you don't realize it's burning because you don't know what you doing. Okay? Just like this woman, Mikayla had no idea Michael was suffocating on the floor. Mike Mikayla was too busy busting it open, performing sex acts on the floor. Meanwhile, the macaroni and cheese is burning to a crisp now there is A video. Yeah. Daddy, you like that? Oh yeah, you like that thing? Oh my God, You squirming more, daddy. Yeah, mommy. He's dying. He's dying. There is a video that shows this man was wrapped in Saran rap for eight minutes and Ashley Sin Kai, real name Mickayla finally realized that something was wrong.


So she rushed to call 9 1 1, but it was too late. Dale was unresponsive and was declared brain dead at a hospital and days later removed from life support all because he trusted a rookie with a pro's job. Please give Michael Dale and McKayla Ry Lardo the biggest. He haw. Rest in peace. Michael Dell. You Are killing this girl's Name. I know. What is it? I can't. I don't wanna say it anymore. Try McKayla. No. What's the last name? Bryce Shaa Bri shay Ryden bri bryce sha den. Now say Judicial. Is she what? Say judicial. Oh yes.


I thought you was asking me was she Jewish. I was like, I don Know. No, no, I have no idea. I said no say judicial. Judicial, okay. Can you imagine having to explain this in the afterlife though? No. Yes. I wouldn't want to either. That's why you always gotta think about things before you do 'em. 'cause you might die and do you want to die doing something like that and have to explain that in the afterlife. Think about it. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream now pay Never


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.