(2s):
Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess. Well, not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami Mess. Breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram live living it's kind of mess. Yeah. Well, you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Marie Foin on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.

(42s):
Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 18s):
Hey Friends, Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but Did you Know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 49s):
Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga. On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World, we are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

(2m 18s):
Hello, my un deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host, and do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the eerie unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,

(2m 51s):
It's time for DONKEY. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I don. I'm not making these people do these things. Call DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne, who got the DONKEY of today? Today, Well just hilarious. It's DONKEY. Today for Friday, November 8th goes to whoever is sending out these racist text messages referencing slavery. Now, if you haven't heard all day yesterday in black group chaps Across America, texts were being shared and it was text messages that folks were receiving that were telling Negroes, report to your nearest plantation. Mm. I'm not making this up. Yesterday I had quite a few people hit me up concerned because they were receiving text messages like this.

(3m 31s):
Good evening, Isaiah. You have been selected to be become a slave patient at your nearest plantation. Please be clean and ready by 3:00 AM tomorrow. No need to bring essentials nor clothes as you'll be handed worker clothes, you'll be picked up in a white van by a Trump representative. After escorted, you'll be stripped and deed down upon arrival. Don't cooperate. Belt the ass and lynched immediately. Your name will be, your name will further be erased than given a number. Your number is Slave five and you'll be a part of Slave C Group. Thank you. Now I'm gonna be honest with you. When I first read this, I said to myself, people play too much. And I'm not even sure this is a white person because I've never heard a white person say Belt the ass. But if this week's election showed us anything, it's that we can, we can't assume what certain racial groups do anymore.

(4m 14s):
But I brushed that text off until I had a few more people send me those text messages and then I realized it was a thing. Did anyone in this room receive a a text message telling them to go back to the plantation? No. I ain't you near Plantation. They Want me a Fara there. Yes you go. Nope. Okay. Nope. You should go though. They said D down. I know you need that Damn Take. Can you get some free deed to be a slave? That's Right. Now when she take that wig off and you see them corn rolls. First Of all, I already told Y'all I gotta look apart. Wow. Job. Now let's go to NC. Not my hair already done for the trip, not my hair already done. Let's go to N cer please. Kain Freeman was at home with her kids on Wednesday when she got a text from a number she didn't recognize.

(4m 55s):
It was this odd ominous feeling, text message, basically saying, hello, you've been selected to be a slave on a plantation and you're scheduled to get picked up on at 12:00 AM on November 13th. And She's not alone. Social media sites have been flooded with people from New York to Florida who say they've gotten these racist messages. Freeman and others believe the texts may have been sparked by the current political climate. The wording of the texts appear to differ. Some have misspellings. Others address individuals by name. But the theme is consistent telling recipients they've been selected to pick cotton. All of the people NBC News spoke to who got these messages are black for recipients like Corinne Freeman.

(5m 38s):
The digital hate is fueling her real world concerns. I am Overwhelmed with anxiety and fear about how I'm going to help my children make sense of The World that they have to navigate as black children. No, a few things. Number one, how they get all these people's phone numbers. Number two, this is probably not as widespread as people think. One or three people got a text, posted it online, and then everyone took the same text and started acting like it was centered in personally in three. And this is the biggest one. And the reason I'm doing this as DONKEY today, let's just assume these are Trump supporters. Let's just assume these are conservatives. Answer me this one question. Why do you wanna prove people? Right? Donald Trump won. He is going to be the 47th president of the United States of America.

(6m 20s):
He won Fair and Square, looked like he won the popular vote. The electoral college Republicans won the Senate. You might win the house. America made a choice. The last thing any of any of you all should be doing is proving all your critics. Right? Okay, so many different people say the only reason Trump won is because America's a racist country. Huffington Post said Trump ran the most racist campaign in modern history and he won. So many people say, oh, Trump supporters are bigots and racists. Why are you idiots proving them right now? Mind you, I know these folks are playing, but if you are a Trump supporter, you should denounce this. Unless of course you don't care, unless of course you agree with whatever the text is saying. But the real moral of the story is this is exactly the opposite of what I told you. All should happen, y'all not tired of arguing and fighting.

(7m 1s):
There will be a lot of real battles that we need to fight in the future. The last thing we need to be doing is fighting amongst each other. Okay? We don't need to be riling each other up with this petty foolishness. I literally had people hitting me up concerned about this because they honestly don't know what a Trump presidency will bring. And then I had some guys who will remain nameless even though they sitting in this room excited right now. But they were excited because they was told to report somewhere to get deed down. Okay? So listen to all, listen, I just wanna tell all Trump supporters, everyone who voted for Trump, if you really dislike liberals, if you really don't like Democrats in their woke ideologies, then simply do one thing. Prove them wrong by not doing dumb ass, cheap ass racist ass stunts like this, please give whoever is sending out these racist text messages telling people to report to the plantation to biggest, he haw.

(7m 48s):
Oh, Jess, why envy looking so unbothered right now? 'cause he gonna be in the house when this go down you house. Word. Oh. He like how much They paying? He like Report where to get deed down Please. He gonna be there with me. Envy looking for ai. Charla ain't going first, so don don't know what you talking about. All right. They gonna separate y'all though. It's gonna be like the men, brothers. You go this way, you go this way. Yep. Jesus. All right, well that was DONKEY today. Thank you for that DONKEY Today.

(8m 18s):
DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.

(8m 34s):
Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hi, I'm Marie And. I'm Sydnee and we're mess. Well, not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami Mess, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living, it's kind of mess. Yeah, well, you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Refa Center on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(9m 24s):
Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey friends, Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We.

(10m 4s):
have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose's Place was introduced to The World, we are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together.

(10m 51s):
So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hello, my unde Deadly Darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.