
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's antiperspirant and its back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne, the God and Summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa, they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan. We wanted to know how you came up with the don't be on a date. Tell us because you're mean. I'm not. What did I do? There's a bunch of donkeys out here in the street. That is why Charla, if we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, never say on The Breakfast Club in the words of Charlamagne to God, he's a DONKEY that was, oh man, Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the day to who?


Now? Happy born day. Bust the bus DONKEY today for Tuesday, May 20th goes to the Harrison Ross Mortuary in California. Now, first of all, I wanna send condolences to Aminta Hunt and the family of 80-year-old Otis Atkinson. Okay? You know I'm not a funeral guy, okay? I'm not going to my own funeral if I can help it, but I understand the process of disservice. It is very important to lay your people to rest with class and dignity. But in order to do that, you need a mortuary that moves with class and dignity. That's the scary thing, right? You know how, you know how I talk to you all about schools and how we drop our kids off to schools and trust you? Teachers with our precious seeds, our souls outside of our bodies, our kids.


It's the same thing with a mortuary. Okay? I know the spirit has left the body, but the body is still precious. That's your loved one. You wanna make sure they're being treated correctly. Well, the family of Otis Atkinson, he, they weren't treated correctly at all. They weren't treated with any respect by the Harrison Mortuary. Let's go to CCBs three for the report, please. I didn't Make arrangement there to see the wrong body. When Amita Hunt's, 80-year-old uncle passed away, she chose Harrison Ross mortuary to prepare him for burial. But when she went to view his body, she says it wasn't him. It was A guy laying there and my uncle soup, but it wasn't my uncle. What did you think? I just kept looking at him. I didn't know. I was just kept looking at him and kept looking at him. I'm like, wait a minute. He couldn't have got that dark.


Hun says she knew something was wrong and asked a worker at the mortuary for help. She was like, no. Yes, that's your uncle. I said, that's not my uncle. My uncle wouldn't have got that dark. And I said, here's a picture of him. And I showed her a picture and she was like, you're right. Give us one minute. One, one minute. Hun says, she and her family waited three hours while the mortuary fixed the mix up so they could finally bury her uncle. She still doesn't know whose body was dressed in his suit and has filed a lawsuit against the mortuary over the whole ordeal. Her attorney calls the mortuary actions outrageous For them to come in and see the wrong corpse, and then for the mortuary to de deny that it's the wrong corpse and then need proof that they, that it's in fact the right person. So we think it's a really just a basic standard of care that they messed up on.


Ain't nobody came to see you, Otis. First of all, that's not even Otis. Okay? And we did come to see him, but once again, that's not him. I don't know the race of the people who run this funeral home, but clearly they believe all black people look alike. And what really grinds my gears about this story is the fact that when I'm telling you this, not my uncle, you trying to tell me it's okay? I asked a simple, I ask a simple question often. Okay? This is my question that I ask. What do people hate more in this era? Reading or accountability? I want you all to think about that for a second. What do people hate more reading or accountability? When the family asked a mortuary worker for help to employee insisted that the stranger in the casket was indeed their uncle.


And this is why sometimes you have to keep a lawyer on a retainer because every now and then violence is justified. Okay? I'm trying to explain to you, this isn't my uncle, but you insisting that it is, and you have the nerve to put this person, I don't know, in my uncle's suit. Now I gotta make you explain to me why we shouldn't squabble. Okay? I'm glad we already at the mall because this was gonna be your next stop anyway. All right? This level of gas lighting, people not being able to admit when they wrong making two plus two equal five. You walk into the mortuary, see a strange man in the casket wearing your uncle suit. You tell the guy working at the morgue, that's not my uncle, and they basically tell you, well, he's also dead. So it's essentially the same thing. That is the era we are in, folks.


Okay? People just make false equivalencies all the time. The funeral home's response was basically, who are you gonna believe us are your own eyes? That is truly our corporate media landscape too. That's what they do to us every day. They tell the people, believe us, not your own eyes. Imagine being in a funeral home and they say to you, we can't find your relative, but we do have someone about the same vibe. I guarantee you they tried to blame this on death swelling, death swelling will have you looking a little different, but we all know our people. Okay, how you gonna tell me? That's not my uncle. The man was 80. We known him our whole life. Sunday dinners, fish, fries. Dan Cali today was playing dominoes.


I know home team when I see it, this man in the casket looks like he plays for a rival team in a different sport. You can't just put a whole stranger in my Uncle Steve Harvey's suit and think we won't notice what in the freaky Friday. Listen, the moral of the story is in life, personal and business. You should be humble enough to see your mistakes, courageous enough to admit your mistakes and wise enough to correct them. Harrison Ross Mortuary in California was none of those things. So please give them the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh mm of the day you the doggy of the day.


He And does the stranger that they had an Uncle Otis's suit. What about his family? Does his family know that they just had him in a whole other suit? Yeah, that's What I'm saying. Who? Who looking for him? That's what Emini here. Come on man. It's the yes. This is your uncle. This, this is him. That's him. And then she pulled the bitch out and he is, oh no. One minute. One minute. Hold on. We fix this Guy. That dog. Crazy Jesus. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Now when we come back, the mayor of Newark Ross Baraka will be joining us and we're gonna talk to him next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael de Bull Lamb and soft.


Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all.


Drive the all new Nissan Murano today, Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? The green change, the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.