
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is the act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowes Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State farm.com.


Do you want a shortcut to the best version of you? Here it is. Feed the Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, The best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. So I hosted the Golden Globes at Hollywood's biggest party. Honestly, you've probably seen all the headlines this week, but like any good party, there's a lot of wild stuff that goes down behind the scenes that you don't know about. And since I hosted the Golden Globes, I'm letting my podcast listeners, my besties in on all the behind the scenes tea stuff that didn't make it to the live TV taping what went down in rehearsals. Who said what at the after party. You're going to hear it all. Listen to the Nikki Glaser podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


He's a bunch of donkeys out in the street. If We live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never would say anything. I made dunk here today. That is why Charlemagne is here. Was a Charlemagne guy. He's a DONKEY. That was he mother. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the day. The who? Now That damn Taylor drop on a cruise bombs for Taylor made it. Man. Hey, if one thing Taylor gonna do is she gonna earn her money that she don't get? Okay? She work hard for money that she don't get. God Damnit SLU to Taylor DONKEY. Today for Wednesday, January 8th, goes to a 26-year-old human jar of Hellman's mayonnaise named Aaron Elizabeth Aaron is a registered nurse who shouldn't be a registered nurse anymore, and she was arrested because she's never gotten her ass beat in life.


What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? She's never gotten her ass beat in life. Emini here. Exactly what I said. See, I was born in 1,978. Okay? And when you 46 years old like I am, then you can tell when a person has never been punched in the face, okay? Not just punched in the face, never had to go pick their own switch. All right. My dad beat me with an extension cord one time and made me go take a bath. Why? Because I was taking a lighter to the carpet and our single wide trailer in Mount Corner, South Carolina, you can read about it in detail. And my first book, the New York Times bestseller Black Privilege Opportunity. Opportunity comes to those who created. But what we are talking about here is consequences to one's actions. Okay? Erin is doing BS because she's never been checked for her bs. Matter of fact, I can't even call this just bs.


This is pure evil. This woman, Erin Elizabeth, not only needs her as beat, she needs an exorcism. What do you mean? 'cause Charlotte, she needs an exorcism. Can you tell us why she's getting DONKEY today already? Yes, but just know if you're a parent, it's gonna trigger you. Let's go. Let's go to the report please. Henrico County's top prosecutor, letting reporters know her office will continue to work very aggressively into the investigation into Henrico Doctor's, hospitals neonatal intensive care unit. In less than two weeks, one woman has been charged and arrested. 26-year-old Aaron Elizabeth Ann Stratman of Chesterfield County, who was denied bond by a judge Friday afternoon. While there has been an arrest for one person for allegedly inflicting injury on a single victim, I would emphasize this is an ongoing investigation spanning potential offenses committed in both 2023 and 2024.


The ongoing investigation centered around seven babies in total. The hospital alerting the community online that four babies had unexplainable fractures in 2024 is similar to an incident in 2023. The Stratman now facing charges for one child out of the seven. That news report came from a b, C News. By the way. This chick was arrested after the hospital had to close the NICU due to mystery attacks on newborns. She was breaking the bones of newborn babies. Look, man, and my second book shook on anxiety playing tricks on me. I speak to the anxiety you feel as a parent every minute of the day. I call it parental paranoia.


When our kids are out in The World at school or you know, whenever they are in care of another adult, we want that adult to treat our kids like their own. That's why I respect all jobs where people have to watch over other folks' kids because it takes a special kind of person to show someone else's child love, care, and affection. This evil, sadistic, wicked, ungodly, unholy woman who looks like a Twitter egg with a salmonella outbreak is not one of those people, okay? Folks who take advantage of the elderly and children, especially newborns, there has to be something worse than hell for folks like you. I don't know what that place is because I'm not God, but I do know we can create hell on Earth for people like that.


And it starts with her getting punched in the face, okay? That should be part of her punishment. She's been charged with malicious wounding and child abuse. I think those charges should be upgraded to attempted murder because when you breaking the bones of babies, newborns, you could potentially kill an infant. But I think she should have to also square up with these kids' parents, the daddy and mama F all that. Ain't no grace, ain't no mercy. Daddy hola while Mama gets off on her ass. Okay? I'm not trying to understand why Erin Elizabeth did what she did. She got mental health issues. So what? So do I, okay, but this is so diabolical, so deliberate done with such intention, And I don't want to hear anything about Aaron Elizabeth's mental health issues. I don't wanna see her pleading insanity playing crazy.


This woman knows exactly what she was doing, and even if she is crazy, which she clearly is, even if she is mentally ill, guess what? Batman still beat the hell outta every villain in Gotham before he got sent to Al Asylum. So please get this woman, Aaron Elizabeth in ass kicking and let Chelsea Handler give her the biggest. He haw, He haw, he haw. That is way too much, Dan. Mayonnaise. Sometimes you gotta get medieval on people, bro. Medieval. That's what I said. Okay. I know what you heard. You heard mea 'cause you a nigga, but I say medieval. Okay. All right. And I, and sometimes that's what you just gotta do. You gotta get medieval on people. Okay? That's it. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY Today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft.


Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club, The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery.


Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now, Do you want a shortcut to the best version of you? Here it is. Feed The Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, The best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self.


Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. So I hosted the Golden Globes at Hollywood's biggest party. Honestly, you've probably seen all the headlines this week, but like any good party, there's a lot of wild stuff that goes down behind the scenes that you don't know about. And since I hosted the Golden Globes, I'm letting my podcast listeners, my besties in on all the behind the scenes tea stuff that didn't make it to the live TV taping, what went down in rehearsals, who said what at the after party. You're going to hear it all. Listen to the Nikki Glazer podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Ed Zitron, host of the Be Offline podcast, and this January we're gonna go on the road to beautiful Las Vegas Nevada to cover the Consumer Electronics Show Tech's biggest conference, better offline CES coverage won't be the usual rundown of the hottest gadgets or biggest trends, but an unvarnished look at what the tech industry plans to sell or do to you. In 2025, I'll be joined by David Rother defector and the writer Edward Ono Jr. With guest appearances from Behind the Bus. That's Robert Evans. It Could Happen. Here is G Davis and a few surprise guests throughout the show. Listen to Better Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever else you get your podcast from. Hey y'all.


I'm Dr. Joy Harden Bradford, host of Therapy for Black Girls. This January. Join me for our third annual January Jumpstart series. Starting January 1st, we'll have inspiring conversations to give you a hand in kick-starting your personal growth. If you've been holding back or playing small, this is your all access pass to step fully into the possibilities of the new year. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls starting on January 1st on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.