
What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


As Cybersecurity Awareness Month wraps up. Remember that threats don't stop. Outdated software can leave you vulnerable to cyber attacks, making it easy for criminals to exploit security flaws. Norton 360 has you covered with multiple layers of protection designed to keep you safe online. The software Updater feature ensures your programs are always current. With Norton 360, you get robust year-round protection against today's sophisticated threats. Don't wait. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


This is Simone Boyce from the Brightside. Beauty is about more than just beauty. It's about worth, individuality and the power that comes from being your truest self. At L'Oreal Paris Beauty means embracing who you already are, enhancing the diverse features, experiences, and personality that makes you well. You L'Oreal's Beauty Essentials, combine innovative products with that classic farian touch to help you feel like your most confident self because taking on The World is a little less scary when you feel ready for your closeup L'Oreal Paris because you are worth it. Learn more at L'Oreal paris.com.


This is Jonathan Strickland from Tech Stuff. Do you have a smart TV or a dumb screen that does more fighting with the internet than streaming? It's time to stream, play and surf the way you were meant to with a powerful boost from the sky Worth. Leap S four. From Jfa Solutions, two generations ahead of the leading streaming devices. The Sky worth Leap S four streams in 4K comes with free Google TV and has access to plenty of apps and content. Save $5 off each device now with code tech stuff@jfasolutions.com. D-J-L-F-A solutions.com.


Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news? If I, It's just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida On The Breakfast. Club, Man, Listen, there is a statue of limitations on being a swifty. Y'all DONKEY today for Wednesday, October 23rd goes to Ivan Marti. He is 45th, 44 years old of Kiska, Florida. What does your uncle Sharla always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. See, Ivan was identified by police as an Uber driver.


Okay? He identifies as an Uber driver because he actually is. Well, he's a driver and he was hired by an auntie to drive two women around. I'm assuming since these two women are saying their aunt hired him, they must be the nieces, but he was hired to drive them to a concert with his big grown ass man at his big grown ass age. Must have gotten excited about this concert. He was driving these two young ladies to, so he divides the plan a scheme to get all up in the mix. Let's go to A B, C Local 10 for the report please. Only in Florida do we have a story like this where a guy has a badge and the cops say, wait a minute, something's wrong here. And they ask him for a ticket. He says, I don't have a ticket.


We'll have all the details now and you'll find out why he landed in the slammer. It was the place to be over the weekend. The Taylor Swift Show at Hard Rock Stadium, but it wasn't an enchanted evening for this guy, Ivan Mariotti. Apparently he got into the show, but he can't shake off the charges. He's got an immigration hold. This is a falsely impersonating an officer interference with a support entertainment event. Cops say he was impersonating an officer according to the arrest form a Miami-Dade officer swiftly spotted the guy with a badge. The defendant stated that he was hired by four women to work as a security guard and he escorted, said women onto their property.


Mr. Mariotti was asked if he had a ticket to the event, to which he replied no. He further advised that he's working security and that is how he was able to get in, Impersonating a police officer to see Taylor Swift. Ivan you too big to be a swifty. He's 44 years old. The only person over the age of 25 who should be a swifty is Travis Kel. That's just my opinion. You don't like it? Fight me. Okay? We used to be a country. All right people, every day I get on this radio, And, I tell you stories about individuals who take penitentiary chances for a lot of different reasons. Most of the time they revolve around money. Okay? Folks are always down to do something strange for a little bit of change, whether it's robbing, stealing, drug dealing, they going to get that money by any means, and they not tripping off the consequences.


But I have never, ever, ever, ever thought that I would see somebody be willing to go to jail to see Taylor Swift, especially a 44-year-old grown ass human. You impersonated a police officer at 44 years old. Now, I read once that almost half 48% of Taylor Swift's fan base was millennials, which are people between the ages of 27 and 42. Even if it's that, even if that's true, Ivan, you're 44. Okay? You telling me you like shake it off that much? You telling me cruel summer you belong with me, is worth standing in front of a judge for no Ivan, no and You know what gets me You. know what really gets me about people. The fact they don't think they look suspicious.


You thought you could just go into the Hard Rock stadium where the Dolphins play while the biggest music superstar on the planet was playing with no ticket and you thought everything would be okay. Okay? Even the people you were driving said they did not know why their driver had a badge. So there was bad blood between you and your clients from the start. You thought just throwing on a suit and wearing some fake badge over your neck was enough for you to remain incognito in a Taylor Swift concert. Then you had the nerve to be near the floor field area of the venue. Ivan, they knew you was trouble when you walked in, but apparently anti-hero is worth catching a charge over. Now as of this Monday afternoon, Ivan remains in custody with a $1,500 bond and an immigration hold.


You not even from here and you cutting up like this. Look here you 44-year-old senior Swifty, I bet you at this moment you are wishing you could find a way to begin again and turn things around. I bet this is the reputation you don't want, but apparently anti-hero is worth catching a charge over. I say it's not, but since you clearly You know clearly love Taylor Swift, I need you to do me a favor, Ivan. If you have any doubt of what the root cause of your issues are, find the nearest mirror in the Turner Gopher Knight Correctional Center where you currently reside. Look in it and say it's me. Hi. I'm the problem. It's me because you are indeed the problem.


Please give Ivan Martti the sweet sound to the Hamiltons. You are the DONKEY of the day. You're the DONKEY of the day. That how old, like is too old to be Swifty? I think over 25 Flavor Flav is 65. Okay. Statue limitation has been up on him being a swifty. He has a friendship bracelets and stuff really ghost to concerts. All of them. Most, most of them. A lot of them. Okay, I got you.


Taking your grandkids or something. No, he goes, he's there by just enjoying. He just goes to go enjoying the show. Gotta monitor him. Gotta monitor him when they, while he is there. Why? You just got, just gotta monitor him. Older People go to Taylor Swift concerts. Well gotta monitor 'em all. So you don't think older people can like Taylor Swift by the way? You can like Taylor Swift, he's 34, but I'm not catching no charge over Taylor Swift. I'm impersonating a police officer, okay. To go see no damn Taylor Swift. If you wanna pay for that with any artist, if you wanna pay for your Taylor Swift ticket, no, there's there's artists that are worth doing that. That like who? You just wanna say like who You should. I think you could do that for Stevie Wonder. Stevie Wonder's up there in age, but he's a living, he's a icon. A icon living What?


What? Nothing. I just wanna say she took over the N nfl now she taking over your dunky today? Mm. You hated to give her any, when I first brought that up, that whole Taylor the Swift thing in this room. You hated to give her any, Okay, let's talk about this. You Lauren. I wasn't gonna say anything. I didn't wanna bring it up again. I Just think, I just See y'all think I'd be starting Lauren? No, I gotta, it wasn't Lauren, shake it. If not that. Lauren was Shake Charlotte, shake off Swifty C. It was that Lauren had jungle fever. Lauren had white lust in her eyes. Lauren was letting Dr. Umma down because he, she loved Travis Kel. She did. She was just talking about how Travis Kelsey was white chocolate and she used to love she her screensaver with Travis with Tim's on.


Yeah, she did. Now. Envy. You gonna lie now you gonna lie. I Switched it up. No, that's not true. She Been up here a few months. Think she gonna run into Dr. Kumar at any minute? No. No. Over there in the corner staring at her. Switch it. She switched it up. Who was the other white gentleman that came here? She going, Kylie call plant. I'm gonna wait until y'all done another white box. Y'all done white Man with a bid of Lauren's kryptonite. I am totally against that, right? All two of y'all, y'all done A white man with Abin and some tennis. I just, I just drive Lauren, I just wanted to make the point that You know 805 8 5 1 0 5 You Might be coming on over, baby. Are You a black woman that into white men as well. Call right now. Eight hundred five eight five one oh five. Are you a black woman? That a into white. Now when I start taking calls about sleeveless shirts, you gonna be mad up Here?


You gonna be mad up here? Alright. Are you a Dominican who just likes to get a little freak? Are you a Dominican? Who thinks there's nothing wrong with being a little freak head? You wanna be a swifty so bad. And, I The rock over here Called a rock should have called me a pebble. See you. You got the jokes wrong. Shoulda said the Pebble over there. I was trying to give you one. First of all, the joke is that she called you the rock. We all know you're not the rock baby. That's the joke. We know you not more a chestnut. That's a lie. That see hilarious. Now you just ain't trying to get in heaven. He's now, now He wouldn't be upset if you decided to go and test out the waters at a Swifty concert and see how it is. It seems like you're interested. All I'm saying is what that Got to do with you liking white men.


You're very interested. All right guys, shout Out to all the white guys though. I have, if that's what she into and she want to be an interracial relationship, all support it. All right guys, all let's, Let's, I don't want nothing you support. Let's, let's, let's start this over. I sentence you to 500 lashes for conduct. Unbecoming a black No, that's right. Not for nothing. The phone lines lit up when I said if they're black women, that ain't a white woman. But we not gonna do that. White woman. White men. Well, the pigs are getting slim for Lauren. Okay, so let's open slim. Maybe her blessing. Maybe her blessing, not My blessing would never get a dry sandwich. But for Serious, don't maybe Do not my no, Man. Maybe your blessing is in the Caucus Mountains. I don't know. No. Let's, let's, let's, let's stop.


Pastor DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


As Cybersecurity Awareness Month wraps up. Remember that threats don't stop. Outdated software can leave you vulnerable to cyber attacks, making it easy for criminals to exploit security flaws. Norton 360 has you covered with multiple layers of protection designed to keep you safe online. The software updater feature ensures your programs are always current. With Norton 360, you get robust year-round protection against today's sophisticated threats. Don't wait. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life. As a gringo, no. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like. a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need, and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash Your Excitement. Woo hoo Chumba. Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chaba life. Visit chaba casino.com btw group. No purchase necessary for prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.