(0s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.

(35s):
Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National and Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.

(1m 7s):
Esta Travel Pass is the most rewarding way to travel. Sign up@esta.com for instant savings, bonus points and perks, like early check-in and late checkout room upgrades and free stays. Choose from 1100 hotels across 13 brands and unlock their best rates when you book with Esta Travel. Pass here today, Rome tomorrow. Join now@esta.com. That's esta.com Terms and conditions apply.

(1m 36s):
Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places

(2m 7s):
So we ever And I need to be Today. Breakfast Club Bitches who's DONKEY today. Today, Don's here today for Tuesday, May 27th goes to Joshua Thomas Coleman and Abdul Boyd. They are the two suspects charged in connection with the fatal shooting of Kir Johnson, more commonly known as L-G-B-L-G-P Quo. Okay, let me tell you something, man. LGP quo is a young brother that a lot of us followed on social media. A lot of us reposted. You know, we, we've talked about him here on The Breakfast Club. Brother from Philly. He's from Philly. Yes, he, he, he was a breath of fresh air. A young man who had demon, the voice of the youth. And all he did was rap about things of socially redeeming value.

(2m 49s):
Okay? All he did was rap about the realities of discreet. But more importantly, how if these young brothers didn't change their ways, they would end up dead or in jail. Play. Play something from LG LG P Qua, right? Colin Kaepernick, I support you hands down, taught us how to stand up. Why you think we nailed down time to stop the hating. Time to make improvement now. Time to stop the killings and shootings and all the suicide time to come together, stick together like it. You the problem. I don't sell my soul 'cause my problem won't Ride. Dropping a clues bomb for lg. It is just one of those killings that literally makes you understand and realize why you just gotta stay dangerous. Because it doesn't matter what you on, you can be presenting the best energy in The World. You can be a super positive person and there will be somebody out there miserable, ready to take your life simply because they hate their own.

(3m 36s):
Can we go to Fox 29 Philly for the report please? Right now, new developments in the murder of a beloved Philadelphia rapper. Police arresting two suspects in the Mother's Day. Murder of rapper, qui Dire Johnson known as LGP Qua, and they're looking for a third person. Police say, this man right here, 21-year-old Amir Early is wanted for his alleged involvement in that May 11th shooting. Police say, Joshua Thomas Coleman and Abdul Boyd, both 19 years old, are in custody and under arrest, charged with the rapper's murder Quad, did nothing but speak out against gun violence. He did nothing but promote positivity in Philly and y'all robbed and killed him on Mother's Day.

(4m 17s):
I was told they robbed him over a chain. Okay, three of y'all, Joshua Thomas Coleman, Abdu boy, and they're searching for a third suspect named Amir. Early. You all robbed and killed a young man who was just trying to make it out the hood, okay? Like you young brothers are okay. In fact, you killed a young man who I guarantee would've came up and came back for so many other young brothers in Philadelphia. I do not understand why we are so hell bit on hurting the people God sent to help us and over a chain. By the way, I don't know if it was over a chain, I'm just repeating what my Philly folks told me, but whatever. It was over, it wasn't something that was gonna change y'all lives, okay? You all are charged with murder. And in Philly, the penalty for murder ranges from life without parole to the death penalty. Okay?

(4m 57s):
You both are 19 years old. Amir is 21. Life as you know it is over. You will never be anything more than a number in a system. And I don't wanna say what these kids be thinking. What do they know about prison that we don't know? Okay? Smart people learn from their own mistakes wise, people learn from the mistakes of others. Have we not seen enough people go to prison forever to know we don't need to be out here just killing each other. You taking a life and throwing your life away. For what? I wonder, did they even know who Qua was? If you knew who Qua was and still took his life knowing that he was just a positive brother who genuinely wanted better for you, And I really have zero remorse for you, okay, F him. Let the white man sort it out because there's no saving lost souls like y'all.

(5m 40s):
I know we have conversations about rehabilitation, but they gotta rehabilitate in prison. They don't ever deserve freedom. Okay? Qua would never breathe again. He got murdered at 30. At 30. I was just figuring life out. I was literally just getting started and entering the best times of my life. I wasn't even married at 30. My first daughter was born two days before my 30th born date. You know how much life I've lived from 30 to now. I'll be 47 next month. And I thank God that he blessed me with the opportunity to see those years. And I pray for at least 47 more. I actually need 54 more. Okay? I need to die at 101. I actually read something yesterday that by 2030 humans could be immortal with the help of nanobots that'll make us all immune to diseases.

(6m 22s):
I don't think I want to live forever because I'm sure God has another adventure for my soul. But I want you to think about this. Qua will never get to experience any of that because he's deceased. So Joshua Abdul soon to be Amir when they catch you because they gonna catch you. Y'all don't deserve freedom ever again because you let your darkness turn someone's lights out. You let your negativity, your problem steal someone else's joy. Someone else's enthusiasm took a mother's child away on Mother's Day. You deserve the worst of what your judicial system has to offer because I am truly sick of us being our own worst enemy. And I will never understand why we hurt people who are just simply trying to help.

(7m 4s):
Please give Joshua Coleman And I dual boy the biggest he haw In Amir early. You might as well turn yourself in. Yeah, I don't even do that. I don't even know where the hell you think you going. That's it. Like you. You might as well just go ahead and turn yourself in. Sad, but say judicial again real quick. Judicial. Oh, okay. Yes. Slow it down next time. Spell it. J-U-D-I-C-I-A-L. Don't play with me. Don't play with me. I don't think that's how you spell it. That is. It is. It is. I'm not sure judicial. The only reason I don was dropped it 'cause you You spelled it. Wow. Wow. Oh, he tried it. Wow. He tried it. You spelled it right. Alright, thank you. Well thank you for that DONKEY of the day.

(7m 43s):
DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.

(7m 59s):
Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National and Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth. Esta Travel Pass is the most rewarding way to travel.

(8m 41s):
Sign up@esta.com for instant savings, bonus points and perks, like early check-in and late checkout room upgrades and free stays. Choose from 1100 hotels across 13 brands and unlock their best rates when you book with Esta Travel. Pass here today, Rome tomorrow. Join now@esta.com. That's esta.com. Terms and conditions apply. I've seen a lot of stuff over 30 years. You know, some very despicable crime and and things that are kind of tough to wrap your head around. And this, this ranks right up there in the pantheon of Rhode Island fraudsters.

(9m 23s):
I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to Deep cover the Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife, Caroline. He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future.

(10m 5s):
Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.