
Have you heard about the 2018 study that showed half of prenatal vitamins tested had unacceptable levels of heavy metals? No. Well, now you have, I'm Kat, mother of three and founder of Ritual, the company making traceability the new standard in the supplement industry. I remember staring at my prenatal vitamins and finding all these things. I was trying to avoid high amounts of heavy metals, synthetic colorants, and unnecessary ingredients. So at four months pregnant, I quit my job and started ritual because I believe that all women deserve to know what they're putting in their bodies and why I'm so proud of our prenatal vitamin. The ingredients are a hundred percent traceable. It's third party tested for microbes and heavy metals, and recently received the Purity Award from the Clean Label Project. You see, we trace like a mother because let's be honest, no one cares quite like a mother, but don't just take my word for it. Trace for yourself with 25% off at virtual.com/podcast.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons? Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the HIT Podcast, family Secrets. Imagine this, your parents sign away your childhood to an academic psychological study. And what about if your sister is very publicly tried, convicted, and sent to prison when really she was just telling her long buried truths? These tough questions are just a few that will be grappling with on our up upcoming 10th season of Family Secrets. Listen to season 10 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good Stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These Guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guess what Will, what's that? Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese, so I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the Poor. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news? If I catch all ass in traffic a whipper, y'all. It's just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club Catch you All in traffic hall with the Jimmy up and y'all gonna suck it, right? DONKEY of today for Thursday, August Safe goes to an Orlando Florida man named Anthony James Jr. Salute the everyone who listens to us on 1 0 4 5 to beat in Orlando. Drop on a close bond from 1 0 4 5 to beat. I love Orlando. I've been in Orlando so much my whole life.


My mom's a sister. My aunt lives in Orlando. My my daughter is a competitive cheerleader, so they have all star worlds in Orlando every year. I've spent a lot of time in Orlando. Okay, love that place. But what does your Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida And I promise you today is no exception. Okay, and listen, Florida, I don't wake up looking for Florida stories. They find me and this man, Anthony James Jr. Was arrested for speeding, but of course he's not getting DONKEY today for just speeding. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. The show started during the traffic stop. Let's go to Fox 35, Orlando for the report, please. A speeding driver is stopped on I 95 in Flagler County and to the deputy's surprise, he passes out three times during that traffic stop.


Take a look. Deputies say they could smell marijuana inside that car. And Anthony James Jr. Appeared to be nervous. Deputies say he confessed there was marijuana in the vehicle, but that wasn't all deputies actually found Oxycodone Pills and A Gun once arrested. He said he felt sick and couldn't stay standing up. You think he was taken to the hospital where doctors discovered that he was suffering from some type of severe medical condition. He will be treated there and then faced multiple charges.


First of all, we don't condone driving under the influence. This man could have killed himself and others just because he was high outta his damn mind. So it's a blessing that this man turned the traffic stop into a rest stop. Okay, marijuana, Oxycodone, Pills, and a pistol. Marijuana, oxycodone and a pistol. That's what they give you in Florida when you graduate elementary school. Now, if he was smoking indica and Oxycodone Pills, no wonder he couldn't stay awake. All right? He was speeding because if he slowed down a little bit, he might fall asleep. What I don't understand is If, you feel the need for speed, you might as well do some speed. Okay? Coming down from speed takes days from what I heard, okay? In fact, it causes poor sleep and exhaustion.


So this young man was clearly on the wrong drugs. Okay? You just got arrested for speeding and now you at a traffic stop passing out, not once, not twice, but three times during the stop you out here risking lives. Anthony James Jr. Speeding on the highway and your response is to take a nap during a traffic stop. FYI News outlets in Florida. He wasn't taking a nap. This man was passing out okay? He was gone to the moon. All right? That man was high and had no idea what was even happening to him. All right? When he got pulled over, he probably couldn't even hear the officers over the sounds of the highway. The white noise of the highway was probably just too soothing for him. All right? Did you ever hear those stories of people being so high and drunk they pass out anywhere or you one of those people who can sleep any damn way?


Anthony James Jr. Is exhibit A. Okay. Police probably thought he was auditioning for a damn NyQuil commercial or something. All right. I think this man knew he was going to jail. He said F it. Let me get a a few quick naps so when I get in this cell, I can have enough energy to fight for my butt if I need to. Now, Anthony did say he felt sick. Okay? He was taken to the hospital with doctors, discovered he was suffering from some severe medical complication. And I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I bet you the complication was some type of overdose, right? I bet you the complication came from the drugs that this man was ingesting. I don't know how much oxycodone he took, but it was probably too much.


And Anthony will receive treatment before he faces multiple charges. And that's all I got for Florida. Please give Anthony James Jr the sweet sound of the Hamiltons You of the day. You're the dog of the day. Ye Envy corny dads who do radio joke. Okay, you ready? Okay, Go. Yep. What do you think? His favorite song that we play every hour on the hour is Snooze.


I wanna do my joke, but you heard the answer, but I put it in the group chat, man. What? I didn't see my group. What was it? Oh, good. No, no, don't look, don't look. Okay. When 50 cent, when 50 cent gets Hungry, what does he do When 50 cent get, has this got to do with the DONKEY today? No, I just, oh, Come on. I ain't, what the hell? Okay, hold when 50 cent gets hungry, what does he do? Hold on. When 50 cent gets hungry, I don't know. 58. You're laughing and somebody out there is laughing. Somebody out there is laughing. You Laughing. This guy's on Oxycodone this morning. Now I'm on Oxycodone. This guy's On this guy's on Marijuana and Oxycodone, y'all.


All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, indeed. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club. Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts.


Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday In A world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that the Comedy of a Mexicano Cross Borders I the Heart of America, Sonoro e iHeart's, Michael Cultura podcast Network present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to NA in the iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts, Guess what Will, what's that?


Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese, so I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food, and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Crimin. I'm Maria Tramar. And I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from Poisoners to stalkers, art Thieves to snake oil salesman. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is? We in this piece, trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never we giving you reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.