
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Everybody, It's your favorite play. Cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show.


You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hostings, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Your Execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go. We're gonna read. They gave me DONKEY of the day And I deserve to. You need to know. Well, You need to tell Them I am. You have the voice. Tell them it's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but You're so Good at he trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to?


Now DONKEY today for Wednesday, April 2nd goes to Kevin Hart. Kevin Duran Hart. That is okay. I'm gonna make sure to say Duran or Kevin D because I don't need y'all thinking this. Our guy from Philly. Philly, no, Kevin D is a 47-year-old California man. And yet another reason why Noah only allowed animals on the arc. I'm telling you right now, my anxiety, I'll never be able to shake it off. Okay? And it's because I have to to read the news every day. And when you read the news, you come across stories like Kevin D and the headline I saw this morning on law and crime And I grabbed my intention that grabbed my attention was Imagined Infidelity. Okay? That title piqued my curiosity And I'm like, what's that? And Imagined Infidelity is that when you dream of cheating on your significant other, is that a crime? Now it's just like the movie Minority Report. Has there been a specialized force created that apprehends you because they use for knowledge or they're using for knowledge to grab you when you daydream about cheating? What is Imagined Infidelity? Well, soon as I read the article, I instantly regretted it because it's just a reminder that we live in a world that's simply out of our control. I know you left your house every day in peace. If you like me, you said your prayers this morning, you read your daily affirmations, you meditated. You probably went to therapy yesterday, you did all of that. And you still can't control what other people do. And Kevin D is yet another example of that. Let's go to Ksbw eight for the report please. A seaside church community mourning the loss of one of their own 65-year-old Jackie Robinson Police say she was killed by her daughter's boyfriend. 45-year-old Kevin Hart of Patterson Hart allegedly beat her to death using a glass tabletop. Seaside police said Hart was visiting the home and he allegedly killed his girlfriend's mother. Police say Hart then resisted arrest and obstructed police. I promise you I read this story And I immediately asked chat GPT how to avoid humans. It told me, stay home limit social interactions and employ strategies like avoiding eye contact and wearing headphones to signal disinterest. I would love to stay home. I'm a cancer. I'm a natural homebody. If I could be in the house quarantined every day, I promise you I would. And when folks ask me what's the pandemic, what am I quarantining for? My answer would be people home. Old sapiens. Okay, this man Kevin d killed his girlfriend's mother because he thought his girlfriend was cheating on him. Well, what the hell the mother got to do with this? I am so sick of people projecting their hurt on the others. You mad at your girlfriend because you think she cheated on you and if she did cheat on you. So what? I don't know if this woman was cheating on you or not, but I would never understand the logic of men throwing their lives away for women. Honestly, I think that's gay. You can't tell me you like a woman so much that you would do something that would take you away from all women forever. You claim to like women so much, but you doing things that's gonna land you in a prison surrounded by penises. Don't add up to me. And I'm just sick of people who make decisions solely based on emotions that leads to poor judgment and regret. Okay? You gotta take a breath and consider potential consequences before you make choices like this. You killed your girlfriend's mom because you thought she was cheating on you, a suspicion with no basis in reality. There is no justification for this murder, even if you knew she was cheating on you. But this is just what you thought. Beat this woman with your bare hands and a and a piece of glass from the table. Lemme tell you something, Kevin. If your girlfriend for what, for whatever reason wasn't feeling you anymore, guess what? She was correct. And that poor young lady is gonna have to live with the regret of her poor choice and a man for the rest of her natural born life. This poor woman's mother was the president of the senior usher board in the church. Man. Her obituary said she had a very kind and loving heart with a smile that made anyone who came into her presence feel loved. And you killed her, Kevin, because you thought her daughter cheated on you Imagined Infidelity. Kevin is facing 26 years of life in prison. He was convicted by a jury on Friday of first degree murder. And I pray he gets forever. Okay? For in prison. You are named after the wrong comedian, sir, because you have caused a pain that nobody could ever laugh at. Please let Remi ma give Kevin Duran Hart the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you Dumb? You telling me that? Don't want make you wanna stay in the house? Hell yeah. I ain't know it was another Kevin. I'm thinking chocolate drop. But Kevin Har. That is sad. That is super sad. Very. All right. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today, sir. Now when we come back, we have Reverend Al Sharpton joining us. Reverend Al will be here. That's right. We gonna kick it with now when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Everybody. It's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places. Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice.


BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


What's up? I'm Laura, host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, A masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon, Alana Coss. I don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone, And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I Would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Have you ever wondered if your pet is lying to you? Why Is my cat not here And I go in and she's eating my Lunch? Or if hypnotism is real, you will use the suggestion in order to enhance your cognitive controls. But what's inside a black hole? Black holes could Be a consequence of the way that we understand the universe. Well, we have answers for you in the new iHeart original podcast. Sign stuff. Join me or hitch ham as we answer questions about animals, space, our brains, and our bodies. So give yourself permission to be a science geek and listen to sign stuff on the iHeart Video app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.