
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Focus Features presents piece by piece, a first of kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by peace film.com.


What's up? It's me Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe, it's just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption, to be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions with would be great. Check out bulls.com for More.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Co Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Don't be out here acting like a DONKEY key high bitch. It's time for DONKEY of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it If. you feel I deserve it? Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep, say out his mouth. Gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean. I'm mean who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that Don Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the day right here at The. Breakfast Club bitches. You can call me the DONKEY Of the day, but like I mean no harm. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Thursday, October 10th goes to a 36-year-old woman named Laura Lawson. Laura is from Pennsylvania, Adams County to be exact, and she's facing multiple felony charges after her alleged string of violence against a man.


Can I be honest here? I don't like when people say, can I be honest? Because it feels like they were lying to you the whole time. But I just need to be more honest than usual. Society don't really care about women committing violence against grown ass men. It's not a thing. Let's stop lying to ourselves. Adult males in this country get laughed at when we get beat on by women. Beat up by women. You might get some sympathy if a woman shoots you, but you probably have to die. And even in death someone will be asking, well, what did he do? Okay, women committing violence against men is treated like a complete and total standup comedy in this country. Society has created a complete and total social injustice. Okay, for male victims of domestic violence, do You know male victims of domestic violence have reported barriers that prevent them from contacting law enforcement such as fear that law enforcement would not believe that they had been a victim of domestic violence and men believe that their reports of domestic violence would not be taken seriously.


It is nasty out here for us. And I'm gonna tell you something else. Not only do people not take male victims of domestic violence serious, nobody takes us serious when our buttocks are involved. When you are see You. know what I'm saying? You see, why does that elic? It's not funny. Laughter. Why It's not funny When you are a grown ass man and someone has fondled your fanny in some type of way, nobody cares. And Laura Lawson is out here tampering with Tisha. Let me explain. On October 2nd, charging documents state that officers responded to reports of a woman on the hood of a vehicle. That woman was Laura Lawson. She attempted to run away. Police found her, and when they found her, she was wearing a hospital identification bracelet and EKG pads after jumping on the hood of the car of her victim.


Now let's talk about this story. Reports say Lawson began hitting and spinning on the window before being shook off the vehicle by the driver. He must have started swerving like he was in a fast and furious movie. Get off my hood. How did this happen? Well, police documents, say earlier that day, inside a residence, Lawson requested that the victim key word victim come upstairs and reports say she then tackled this poor man, bid him on the nose. And then police reports say, Laura Lawson allegedly took down this man's sweatpants and bit him on the ass. Oh, ow. And after she bit him on the ass, she said, I love the taste of your fill in the blank. What do you think she said?


Envy. What do you think? She said she loved the taste of ish. Lauren, what do you think she said? The taste of, what do you think she said she loved to taste of crack his blood. Oh, his blood. Now let me tell you something. I was a huge fan of the Suki Stackhouse books by Charlene Harris dropping a cruise barn for Shalene Harris. And I was a huge fan of the TV show, true Blood based off those books, I do not recall ever, never ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever a vampire sucking blood through some man's funky vampires will bite your neck. I think I recalled him biting wrists. But I never seen a vampire seek to get blood through anal memes. Now, the victim told police that he then tried to trust, tried to escape to the bedroom where Lawson eventually found him and demanded that he bow to her.


Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? And I was speaking on a man doing this to a woman. Everybody would be calling this man a monster. Rightfully so, but Lauren Ster laughed. Okay, see, see, when it's a woman, people chuckle. Okay? When they, when they hear about her chewing on his cheeks, it's funny. Trying to get the blood from where he releases the brown. This woman Laura Lawson, tried to get this man to bow and he refused to comply. So Laura then, according to court documents, mouthed him and hit him in the face multiple times, causing a busted lip and other injuries to his face. Investigators state that out of fear of more violence, he complied to Laura Lawson and got on his hands and knees.


And then Laura forced him, oh, to commit simulated sexual acts involving a water bottle. Oh, You know She was acting like that bottle of water was a penis and she probably made him suck it. Probably slapped it around his mouth. Stop that. Don't do that again. Do that again. Do it again. Why is this funny? It's not funny. I don't know why she's laughing. Laura started with butt play. You don't think she ended with it? She took that water bottle, went back there and said H two, and then he screamed out. Oh, oh my God.


The victim of male, a grown ass man said that he was able to escape the room and attempted to leave the residence. She saw him trying to escape, so she grabbed his car keys, her three-year-old child and drove off. Laura, you are doing all this with a child in the house. You evil ass Batman villain police state that Lawson later returned to the residence in the vehicle with the child demanding that the victim get in the car with all his belongings. Once the victim put his laptop and personal belongings in the car, charging documents, say that Lawson displayed her middle finger, flipped him off and drove away from the scene and hit a parked car in the process disabling the vehicle. When Lawson returned to the scene, she saw the victim being driven by another individual and that's when she jumped on the hood of the car.


Listen man, clearly Laura is dealing with mental health issues or she's just making moves based off of straight emotion. Either way, she has to deal with the consequences of her actions. So being that she's facing multiple charges and none of them are sex crimes bothers me, okay? She's facing multiple charges including felony robbery, aggravated assault, theft, and indecent assault. Is indecent assault a sex crime? Because it should be. Mm mm Bke were bitten. Do you hear me out there? America Bke were bitten. Water bottles were used to simulate sex acts. If the bottles were Ciroc, would people take this more seriously? Huh? If the man's bottom was breached by the bite of another man, would people take this one woman freak off?


Seriously? I don't know. I I don't want to talk. I It is enough. You right, Booie. I I've had enough too. Please let Remy ma give Laura Lawson the biggest. He haw, he Haw. Hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you Dumb? Nobody take, nobody takes violence against men from women. Seriously. And nobody takes this seriously when our cheeks are involved. This woman says she wanted to, she liked the taste of his blood after biting his butt. So then she uses the water bottle to simulate sex acts. She was trying to get some blood from back there. That's What she was trying To do. Indecent assault is sexual assault that does not involve rape. All bki Mad.


So a water bottle ain't rape? Yes. Oh, I didn't write the definition. I just read it. You think it was funny? That's not funny. You didn't think when he did the slap face thing? That was funny. You Know what I'm, it was traumatizing. Don't nobody care. That was traumatizing, man. Say People slowmo that I, I really think that if people slowmo that you would find it fun. It was, it's like a Fart for some reason. Anything that gotta do with a butt, you fart, you giggle. You see, you see what I'm saying? This is crazy. This is crazy. That poor man. Don't Worry when, when the men too movement start Now how big was she then? Did she could mount them and hold 'em down? Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter to you. See that's what, that's what they do to women. What do you, what was she wearing? What does it matter? What does it matter What? It matter how big she was or how big he was?


What does it matter? Nobody takes this seriously. Why you pick up that water bottle after morning? Yeah, you ain't gotta put that water bottle to your mouth like that after that. Poor bro. You Should have thought that one through bro. Put that water bottle down. Slowly Slapped his face all with it. Like, okay, alright. I don't like this room. We believed you. You ain't have to act it out too. I ain't laughed this much at you, so I don't like that being this room. You wanna act out the whole thing, okay? Just ask him. Alright. What you about to act out? Thank you for that DONKEY today and soon to that poor brother out there. Man, we with you brother. All hashtag all Sending him some healing energy.


All bunkies matter man. Hashtag all Okay, when we come back, Me, what are you all right? I am fine. Yeah, Pick up. Don't pick up that water bottle for another hour, Okay? Okay. All right guys. Come on. Grow up. This Is not funny. And got that tip And that water bottle got the tip on it. We have a guest coming in next. Okay, everybody, everybody straighten up. The pastor is coming In the room. Yes, pastor Stephanie. Yes. She'll be joining us. You Have the great new book out called The Power of Dreams. You Pray over that water, make it holy water. All right. It's The Breakfast Club Club. Power your dreams of Guide to Hearing and Understanding how God speaks while you sleep. Okay, somebody in this room needs Jesus. All right, we'll do it to a it's to Breakfast Talk Morning.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hi, I'm Esy Cup and I've spent my career interviewing people about politics, presidential elections, and some really tough breaking news. But now I need a break. And I, think you do too. So on my new podcast off the Cup, I'll still be interviewing people usually famous and most likely my friends, but about Life. You know the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. So come join me every Wednesday for some conversational self-care. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week starting October 7th through October 11th. That's Monday through Friday everybody. We are revealing the iconic 400. Yes, Bowen Yang And I famously missed our 400th episode here on Las Culture East us. But we are ready to reveal the Iconic 400. Who is on the list? Does it matter? No. Will it be fun? Yeah, there might even be a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Listen to Lost Culture. Thus on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Cheryl Swoopes And. I'm Tika Foster Brisby. And on our new podcast we're talking about the real obstacles women face day to Day. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women And t And I have no problem going there. Listen To levels to this with Cheryll Swoopes and Tika Foster Brisby, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, I'm Gianna Pante And. I'm Jma Jackson Gadsden. We're the hosts of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. You start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.