
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are Barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm. Is there


Time for the DONKEY today? That's pretty funny. Charlemagne the devil, possibly. The Breakfast. Club, Yes. DONKEY. Today for Thursday, August 29th goes to 47-year-old Robert tells our tellis, Robert Tise is a former Nevada politician, a Clark County public administrator who was convicted of murder. Let me tell you something, man. There is a very memorable line from a classic record called Renegade by Jay-Z and Eminem, and it's when Jay-Z says, just read a magazine that effed up my day. That line is about criticism and how criticism can oftentimes be unfair because the person criticizing you knows nothing about you or the circumstances you come from, so they probably can't relate to what it is you're talking about.


Now, the reason I'm bringing that line up is because Jay-Z responded to journalism he didn't like via song, which is a very logical and rational thing to do when you don't like what someone has written about you. Why Robert Tise couldn't react in a logical and rational way When Jeff German, a longtime Las Vegas review journal reporter wrote about him. I have no idea, but let's go to CBS news for the report please. A Former elected official from Las Vegas was found guilty of murder today in the deadly stabbing of an investigative reporter who wrote negative stories about him. Robert Teis hung his head as he heard the verdict, guilty, A first degree murder with use of a deadly weapon. Prosecutors laid out a mountain of evidence against him, including a motive for the murder of investigative reporter Jeff Garman.


Garman was found stabbed to death outside his home. He'd written multiple articles alleging Telus fostered a hostile work environment, taking the stand in his own defense, Telus was unable to explain pieces of a disguise found on his property or his DNA on the victim. How in The World does your DNA get underneath Mr. Airman's fingernails? I don't know because I did not kill Mr. Ger. He insisted the evidence was planted. Robert, tell us, wept openly in court as he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison. I don't Think you can plant DNA under nobody's fingernails, but that's a difficult one. Do You know there are, there have been 14 journalists killed in the US since 1992. This story is making me scared.


Yeah, people killing journalists because of negative stories written about them all. You YouTube was Count your days. Dammit. I'm sorry. That's not, that's not right. Jeff German was 69 and he wrote about the criminal element in Vegas. He covered mobsters, crooked officials and corrupt government agencies. By the way, journalists like that, they are the bravest drop on the clues bombs for journalists that do things like that. Okay? You're reporting on entertainers, athletes. That's nothing. When you out here reporting on folks with actual real world power government officials, mobsters that can really touch you, you putting a, a different type of target on your back, and that's exactly what happened when Jeff German decided to write that Robert Tise created a hostile work environment.


This is why it's good to be an artist. Okay? You see Jay-Z he put his frustration in his music. Robert Tise gets accused of creating a hostile work environment and he kills someone. Ellen DeGeneres gets accused of creating a hostile work environment and she creates a Netflix special. Clearly, one of these individuals knows how to handle criticism and accusations and the other does not. Also, Robert, you not beating any of the accusations made against you. When you react with hostility to an article about you creating a hostile work environment, when prosecutors are alleging okay that you killed someone because you are angry about an article they wrote about you, you are never beating that allegation. Okay? Then they said he dressed up like one of the ninja turtles when they be in disguised. They said he put on a a, a big some sunglasses and a big straw hat and went to the person's house, went to a a a, a German's house to kill him.


After you do something like that, whatever they said you did, you did it. Now, here's the thing I want all journalists to understand. Robert murdered Jeff German because Jeff German's writing destroyed his career. I put destroyed in quotation marks. Okay? He said it destroyed his reputation. It threatened probably his marriage because he was alleged to be having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer. He said it exposed things that even he admitted he did not want the public to know. But I have a question and the question I have If you so mad at a person for reporting this. Then why do the, why do the behavior to begin with? Okay. See, what we don't understand about situations like this was Robert wasn't really mad at Jeff.


He was mad at himself because all Jeff did was right about what you were doing. So If, you gonna be mad and want to kill someone? You should have actually probably started and ended with you. Whoa. Jeff German didn't ruin your career. Okay? Robert, tell us, you ruined your career. You are clearly a person who makes poor choices. Okay? What does Yoko Shala always tell you? Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. You made the choice to create a hostile work environment. You made the choice to have an inappropriate relationship with a staffer, and you made the choice to kill somebody because they decided to write about what you was doing. Robert, look in the mirror and say it's me. Hi, I'm the problem.


It's me. You are the issue. Okay? Cause and effect, take away the cause and the effect ceases. You are the cause. Please give Robert to lease the biggest chaw. DONKEY today is brought to you by the law office of Michael S. Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened.


It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the funk.