
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one, and every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are you hungry? Colleen Whit here and eating While Broke is back for season four every Thursday on the Black Effect podcast network. This season we've got a legendary lineup serving up broke dishes and even better stories. On the menu we have Tony Baker, Nick Cannon, Melissa Ford, October, London, and Carrie Harper Howie turning Big Max into big moves. Catch eating while broke every Thursday on the Black Effect Podcast network. iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you get your favorite shows come hungry for season four.


Make sure you tell 'em to watch out for Florida. Man. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of four. Yes you are a DONKEY. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. Put The Breakfast Club Bitchy Donkey of the Day with Charla Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. It it ain't, it ain't it ain't me Duval, it's them. Okay. Florida Donkey of the Day for Tuesday, April 8th goes to a young woman named Akina s Samson. Okay? Akina is a 31-year-old woman from St.


Petersburg, Florida who works at one of the greatest institutions of all time McDonald's. Okay? I am not about to sit here and do a commercial for McDonald's. Okay? You can say what you want about McDonald's but they have been around since 1940. It has 36,000 restaurants in over a hundred countries and they serve 69 million customers daily dropping a cruise bombs at McDonald's. If that's not an institution, I don't know what is, okay? Supersize me ain't stop nothing at some point. We have all had a love affair with McDonald's. Okay? My go-to was the two cheeseburger meal with an orange drink and I'm old enough to remember when it was. 2 99, 3 14 plus tax. What was your go-to Jess? The same Thing. The two cheeseburger meal. Three 14. What about you Heavy? Mine was the same but it was 3 24 in New York.


$3 24 cents. Nice. Okay. McDonald's was the place that we would all hang out after the football games. Drop on the cruise bombs to the Berkeley stacks monk's corner, South Carolina all day. I have a lot of love and great memories connected to McDonald's and there was nothing like, you know, having a homie working at Mickey D's because they would always bless you with free food. That's what it was a blessing. Okay? That's what it was a blessing. Alright, but Akina Sampson didn't have that giving spirit, okay? Akina is clearly not the homie you want working at McDonald's if you looking to get something free. No. Okay, Aina is there to protect McDonald's at all costs. All right? She a 17-year-old customer got choked out by Akea after she stepped behind the counter to take some ranch dipping sauce after not being helped by employees.


Now we have all been at a fast food restaurant and been frustrated by the service, but that doesn't mean you can take mad into your own hands and go behind the counter and do their job for them, okay? This little entitled ass teenager took they ass behind the counter to get some ranch dipping sauce and Akina, according to police reports, grabbed her arm when the teen tried to break free Akina allegedly grabbed her by the neck and took the girl to the ground. Sounds to me like the big show's finishing move. Remember that showstopper choke slam big show used to do. That's what seemed like happened in this situation. Now I know what you're thinking. How many ranch packets did the victim secure? Well the police reports does not reveal that information, but it did reveal that the victim had visible injuries to her neck and left elbow.


The incident was also captured on video. Akina was charged with child abuse. Now you probably saying to yourself, damn Akina, did you have to do all that for some McDonald's ranch sauce? I don't know if McDonald's ranch sauce slaps, I've never had it. Anybody ever had McDonald's ranch sauce here? Yes, it slaps definitely slaps. Okay. Okay. Now if it was Polynesian sauce, Chick-fil-A sauce, we probably could understand, but McDonald's ranch, I'm not sure. Jess said it slaps. I'll take her word for it, but it's not about what the team did that got her choke slammed. It's the principle. As much as I have to give a keen to this, he haw because there is a part of me Emini here. As much as I have to give a keen to this, he haw. There is a part of me that's like per, that's it.


What is it per what is it per what? It's per. Per, per. What's that? That's, That's just clock it like that's The tea. Okay. Okay. He wants to be a woman so bad. Yes honey. Someone has to teach these Ys a lesson. Okay? Where was this? 17 year old's home training. There is cause and effect. The 17-year-old was the cause and effect is a keena choke slamming her and being arrested and charged with child abuse. And now she's about to lose her job at McDonald's. Okay? She is clearly missing her calling as nightclub security. But I digress. Look, customer service 1 0 1, if a customer breaches protocol, especially a minor throw hot fry grease on them. No, the appropriate response is to call management or security.


Or security, okay? Don't resort to physical violence because McDonald's wouldn't frontline for you like that. And you should never under any circumstance risk your job freedom and a young person's safety over a condiment. I know, I know that 17-year-old was risking it all too. But they 17 you 31, you should know better now once again, you got a child abuse charge, which is gonna look nasty on your record and you lost your job at Ronald McDonald's house. This situation makes the ice cream machine always being broken. Seem like good customer service. Please give Akina Sampson the biggest. Seahawk McDonald ain't dying for you bro. Yeah, that's a lot. That's extra.


Just call the police. I will. I will say this though, a lot of people that work at fast food jobs take their job way too serious. Yeah, definitely. If I want an extra packet of ketchup, please give me an extra packet of ketchup. That's, I agree. You know, if I say, hey can I extra ke ketchup? That doesn't mean one packet. Gimme four or five. If I ask for an an additional, you know sweet and sour sauce. Yeah, gimme one or two. Gimme two, Three. I'm telling you, you know what Emini here, when I used to work at McDonald's I used to give them packets away like Testa on a corner. Yeah. 'cause it's not, it's, it's just hoarding them ketchup packets probably sit there for months. They Do Had a time. Just take it. Take it too serious. If, if I want my, my fries to overflow. Right, the fried container. Right. You know like give me a little Extra and it's not coming out of our money.


It's not like we not buying as employees. Like we're not buying the sauces out out of our money. So it's crazy. Be a cheerful giver. Yes. When you work at these fast food establishments. I'm just saying You Look like Jennifer Lewis. Thank you. Yes, that Fan Fanta on American Idol. That's when she that when that's before she started. You know what Jess told me off as? She told me I look like a broke transgender. I did not say, I did not say You like a broke transgender. That that's what she said. Because I don't know how That's what she said. Brooklyns look, that's what she said to As supposed to Rich. That's What you To me. No, I said you look like a old ass trans woman. That's what I said. Same Difference. Look like you was marching in the sixties. That's what looks like. That's what that wig is giving right now. Well did you know what we had to go through in the sixties? I'm just saying if you had dogs sicked on you and hose is sprayed on you and marching in a hundred degree weather, you would look like this too.


You think your wig supposed to look prim and proper while you marching? I just said you Look like why you Dominicans Don't know. I struggle. I'm Dominican. Do not know our people struggle. I'm Celebr Ain gonna cast You tonight if you see This wig on you. All right, well Emini here Tomorrow. Tomorrow morning. What is wrong with Emini here? Say tonight. He you he gonna Cast you tomorrow afternoon. Sorry, What is wrong with y'all? Oh right. Thank you. That Donkey of the Day. He looked just like a bitch when I said this here. Excuse me. He gonna what? To watch tonight. Like Watch tonight. Why? Why I gotta be doing costumes at night? I really think you, I'm a lazy.


Yeah, dare you. Oh my god. People talk to me during regular office. Oh my god. Charlamagne wanna be a woman so bad. All right, now let's, We're all part woman. 50%. It took 50% woman's, 50% man to make us. Oh, so it's woman and you? Yes her. This wig really has him feeling himself. All right. Alright guys, can we focus, can we focus classroom? Can we focus? Okay. Okay. All what in the tree are you talking about? That is crazy. Uhuh. I wish I could see his wig because a lot of y'all like, what are y'all laughing about? He has a wig right now that looks like he's an old lady in church.


That's exactly what it looks like. Yes. That just finished frying some fried chicken and just ready for Where did the, where did the wig come from? Tell the whole context. It came From a wig store. Nope. Lauren and Stylist, her wig maker went to go buy you a wig from the store. 'cause she said you are not worth the bundles. So everything that y'all are saying about my wig this morning is exactly what y'all should be saying to her. But y'all leave me on this island all to myself. Alright. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You were talking love and hip hop. Yes, I was. Basically, there's a situation going on between Rashida and Yandy right now and they got into it and Yandy thought that she was Rashida's friend until Rashida told her that You ain't my friend like That.


It's been really awkward between Rashida And I. We really haven't had much to say to each other. How could you say, yeah, Kirk is my only friend. Really? Your husband, the one that did you wrong the most. Keep that to yourself because Rashida, you know that you fronted and faked like you my friend for over a decade. Now that that ass wrong. I'm just kind of over it because we're not best friends. Like some people don't get it because they don't understand what real friendships are or what real loyalty is. I can't help that. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You ever had that moment when you realized someone you thought was your friend?


Really? Isn't that is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 usually ha happens at your darkest time and people wanna step on your neck. So that is the question. Ever had that moment when you realized someone you thought was your friend really isn't. Let's discussed. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club Don here today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one, and every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever


you get your podcasts.


Are you hungry? Coleen Whitt here and Eating While Broke is back for season four every Thursday on the Black Effect Podcast Network. This season we've got a legendary lineup serving up broke dishes and even better stories. On the menu we have Tony Baker, Nick Cannon, Melissa Ford, October, London, and Carrie Harper Howie turning Big Max into big moves. Catch Eating while broke every Thursday on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, wherever you get your favorite shows. Come Hungry for season four.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.