
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


This Christmas. So You're her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout. Crowd pleaser. I'm gonna train for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life. It is The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13, only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule. Choose my strength. And Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Artesian. Get $50 off any cocktail maker at artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more. You be a ass charlamagne. Some DONKEY days just Saw themselves. I been watching Charlamagne. I was ready for you. DONKEY. DONKEY. I never heard old DONKEY other day.


What is it? What? Comic DONKEY. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a DONKEY. DONKEY are a DONKEY. DONKEY. Everything Charlamagne is saying is true. Yeah, it's DONKEY today for Wednesday, December 11th, goes to a 36-year-old woman from Memphis, Tennessee named Stephanie Samuels. I'm telling you right now, times is hard and they not getting easier. Okay? No time soon. All right? If you are blessed enough to be making a couple of dollars, you should. Thank God for that every day. Drop on the co bombs for everybody out there, just making a couple of dollars, okay? You don't have to be rich if you got enough to keep some food on your table, a roof over your head and you can treat yourself to things. And when I say things, I'm not talking no damn Birkin bags or the latest Jordans.


You know, if you doing that, you really winning. I'm talking simple things like a manicure, a pedicure, a haircut on a weekly basis. How about getting your hair braided? Okay, that might be something that a lot of humans on this planet take for granted. Having a couple of dollars to get your hair braided. Jess, you have some amazing looking braids in your hair right now. Yes. Thank you so much. How much did they cost? Mm, 5 75. Jesus. That's a blessing. Yes, that is a blessing in Philly. Okay? Because there are so many people out there right now who would love to get their hair braided but can't afford it. Okay? And Stephanie Sand is one of those women. Now, just when you was younger and couldn't afford braids, how did you make Dew? Or were you never in that position? No, I was definitely in that position. Okay. I used to have a little side ponytail with a sprout. Okay. And I thought I was skewed. I thought I was killing it.


So when you couldn't afford braid, what did you do? You just didn't get 'em. I just put my head in a side ponytail like I just said. That's it. Oh, I was looking, struggling. Okay. Yeah. Well, so I wanna know. That's why I wanted to ask. I wanted to know your story because I would assume that if you couldn't afford braid, you just do another protective hairstyle like you just said. Right? Are you find a cheaper option? Are you out and work for the braid? Pick up an extra job. Something. But what I do know is whatever you chose to do or whatever you choose to do, is smarter than what Stephanie Samuels did. See Stephanie was just getting the finishing touches on her braids and she told her hairstylist four words that a hairstylist never wants to hear, especially after she already finished the work. And those words are, I can't pay you. Mm. What happened next? Well, let's go to Fox 13 for the report, please.


Latasha Dickerson has been braiding hair for more than 20 years. Dickerson says Stephanie Samuels has been a client for 17 years. Samuels came to her home to have small extra long box braids done last month. This cell phone video shows how Samuel's hair came out after nine and a half hours of braiding. Thank you. Dickerson says she charts Samuel's $200. She gave me $50 and said that's all she had right now. That was it. And then she was like, I can't give you nothing else. I gotta pay my mortgage. Dickerson says she was at a loss for words, especially because Samuels is a childhood friend. Police say Samuels bit dickerson's right arm pepper sprayed her and pulled a box cutter on Dickerson while her children were in the home.


Dickerson says she was looking forward to using the money towards Christmas gifts for her children. She advises hairstylists to request a deposit and have clients pay upfront before starting the service. I feel so sorry for this hairstylist. What's her name? Latasha Latasha Dickerson. Yeah. That's messed up. Not only because she didn't get paid. I know Dan well. I know Dan well. She couldn't properly fight either, okay? Because she was tired as hell standing on her feet all that long time. Nine and a half hours doing this woman's braids. Hair stylist be exhausted after they do a head of hair. You ever see that meme with a Popeye's chicken lady sitting outside looking tired? Yeah. That's how every hair stylist in America who does braids be feeling?


And then you going to tell me you can't pay me, then you going to bite me, pull out some type of chemical agent A a pepper spray, okay? And spray me with it and pull out a box cutter on me. I ain't got time for all that. And what's crazy about this is all projection. Okay? Stephanie got mad because she broke. And I understand. I get it. People out here doing bad, they hurting, they broke. Stephanie probably didn't bite the hairstylist outta just pure anger. She might have been hungry too. Okay? And it don't help that lotto out here making songs calling people broke and it's a bop. Can you imagine you riding around bumping Lotto album that beat drop burst fire and 52 seconds into the song you realize she talking about you. Come on man.


We live in a world with a gap between the haves and have-nots is so wide and the have-nots have to go on social media all day and watch a bunch of people lying about how much they have that can cause you to go crazy. But I would like to tell people this. You can fix being broke, but you can't fix being poor. Okay? Being broke is a, is temporary. A lot of times being poor is systemic, but also having very poor character because Stephanie, this just shows how poor your character is. Latasha was a childhood friend. Mm. All right. Sometimes you have to learn to do without you not entitled to braids. You can't get mad at this woman because you can't afford the hairstyle you want. And for you to book an appointment, get your braids put in, and then attack her because you can't pay her and you wasted her time.


She had every right to beat your ass. You didn't have no right to throw hands with her. Now you charged with aggravated assault and you have a bond that's a thousand dollars. Okay? If she couldn't afford to pay $200 for braids, you think she gonna pay a thousand? You think she can afford to pay a thousand dollars for a bond? Huh? Come on, man. Tomorrow to the story is being poor leads the poor decision making. So don't let temporary circumstances of being broke land you into a permanent place called prison. Please give Stephanie Samuels the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You. You're the, the day, By the way, nine and a half hours, $200.


Lord have mercy. That's crazy. My girl took three and a half to do mine. She started at, And yours is amazing. Thank you. Look at Stephanie Uhuh. First Of all, all she must know, she must've known she was only, she was only gonna pay $50. 50. Nah, she, Jesus. She probably looked at them and was like, oh no, I only got $50 for this, to be honest with you. And I'm gonna bite you bitch, because these, this is not what Uhuh, that's not what I paid for. Yeah, you that was Timo. Yeah. Yeah. Little Timo. Yeah. Oh my God. Or Maybe she just had a rough night and it's the way she got 'em placed now. No, No, that's not, that looked like you ever see one of 'em things that what I wanted versus what I got? That's a tell. Yeah.


Now I'm looking at the, I'm looking at it, I'm like, I don't know. I bet the bitch too. That's crazy. Now I, for me to still get up looking like that, damn. I don't know. Alright, Well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime.


So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Welcome to The World of B'S Ultra Open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop B's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Alright, We're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the partition Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength, and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly and as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off.


Tis the season to be Jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with a sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker Artesian, get $50 off any cocktail maker at artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I n.com/cocktail.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine, Ooo, ooo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's od o o.com.