
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


It's Time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake Ass Charlamagne? There's only one Charlemagne Toag Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving dusty of the day to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY of the day for Thursday, January 30th, goes to a 37-year-old Raleigh, North Carolina man named Har. Lemme tell you something, I don't know if hell is real, okay, but if it is, God needs to let us get a little peek at it. All right, just a little trail or something. Folks need a brief glimpse of where they possibly going if they don't stop with the foolishness they're doing, because there's no doubt in my mind that Carl Bennett going to hell. See, there's a lot of alphabet boys in America that folks are scared of. You got the IRS, the FBI, the CIA, the DEA, the LGBTQ plus, and now ice.


No, not the kind of ice you gonna want when you are burning an eternal hell Fire. Gimme turn my instrumental up, right? Okay. Yes. Okay. Not the kind of ice you gonna want when you are burning an eternal hell fire. I'm talking about the US Immigrations and Custom Enforcement Agency. Okay. Donald Trump promised mass deportations, and they may not have reached critical mass yet, but they deporting, damn it. Okay. It is Trump immigration raid happening all over America. They running up in houses, jobs, restaurants, your butt. Oh, hide your kids. Hide your wife ice. Ice baby is deporting everybody out here and people like Cole Bennett are preying on folks. Fear taking advantage of the anxiety that this current moment brings. You gotta think it's people not going to work because they're scared.


ICE might pick them up. Some migrant families said they are keeping their kids home from schools out of fear, out of the fear that ICE may show up. And people like Cole Bennett are feasting on that fear. I'm not even gonna hold you. Let's go to WRAL News to see why Cole Bennett is going to hell New tonight. A suspect is in jail, accused of kidnapping and raping a woman and faking ties to immigration and customs enforcement. Raleigh Police say Carl Bennett threatened to deport the victim if she didn't take part in sexual acts with him. The Bureaus, Aaron Thomas is live in Raleigh tonight with a crime took place. Aaron, what Are you learning from law enforcement? This Motel six located on appliance court in Raleigh.


The site of a reported rape on Sunday arrest warrants say this man, Carl Bennett went to the location and committed a number of crimes including multiple sex offenses. Bennett, according to these documents, threatened to deport the victim if she did not have sex with him and displayed a business card with a badge on it. Raleigh police did ensure the race or immigration status of the victim involved or waiting to see if any other victims may have been targeted. If you want to control someone, all you have to do is make them feel afraid. Carl Bennett is going to have a VIP section in hell with bottle service. Satan himself is gonna come get him at the door and walk him to his section.


Okay? Platinum membership in Club Hades. When Carl Bennett says he knows the owner of the spot, damn, he means it because Satan is in him, not on him. The demons in hell that service the bouncers going to D Carl up up when he gets there. Like, Carl, we've been expecting you. Okay? You pose as a ice agent to steal some cheeks. You pose as a ice agent to sexually a soda woman who's just here trying to make a better life for herself. This is an elite level sin, okay? Top tier sin, all right? He might be in hell flexing like y'all, just in general admission. That's crazy. Okay? There is no empathy in this world anymore whatsoever. Emini, here you have, you know, immigrant families in absolute panic right now. You have immigrants who you know know they don't have their papers in absolute panic.


Some of them have committed horrendous crimes, some of them just looking for a better life. They came to the land of milk and honey, a place of abundance and opportunity, and instead of the American dream, they got the the ultimate nightmare. This woman just got the ultimate nightmare. Okay? This man displayed a business card and a badge. You gotta give him an extra 20 years because this is such a premeditated, intentional sick crime he thought he could get away with. Okay? He thought he could get away with this because this country don't give a damn about illegal immigrants, and he knows that. So he used this opportunity to take advantage of this woman in a terrible way. And I'm gonna tell you something, all ice agents out there, you should be appalled at this crime. You should condemn this crime because the reason Carl was able to get this off was because people aren't surprised that an ice agent would act this way, because people believe ice agents act in inappropriate ways to get information outta people.


You got to prove them wrong. I understand you all got a job to do, but you have to let people know you would never do your job like this. When I hear stories like Cole Bennett, I be wanting to ask a Christian, are you sure God forgives all sins through Jesus Christ as long as the sin, pinch, and trust God. Are you sure? Okay. I don't know, man. Even if you know God does forgive all sins when you do things this heinous, you got to do some time in hell's VIP. Okay, sit Carl, be that at a VIP table in hell with unlimited fire in rim stone, plus the DJ playing his worst life, his worst life choices on repeat. Okay. For at least the equivalent of 25 Earth years, please give Carl Bennett the biggest hee-haw.


It is some sick humans on this planet. Okay? No, for sure. And people like that need to be deported to someplace cold. Mm yep. Okay. I used to have this vision of a, of a worldstar island, just a some place freezing cold in the Antarctic somewhere. Just take people like that and just drop 'em off. Mm. To do what? Nothing. Oh, just leave them there. Leave 'em there. Come back, check on 'em some stuff. Don't even check on 'em. Oh, damn. Whatever happens. So you just thought they were gonna fight, right? I thought so too. I Brought to the story, But they will end up, if you take, if you take people like Carl Bennett and you take a bunch of them and put them in a place like that, that's exactly what they're gonna end up doing. They're gonna end up fighting, they're gonna end up killing each other. Yeah. Alright.


Well, don't waste our taxpayer dollars, right? One one way trip. Drop 'em off Antarctica somewhere. Cold, middle of nowhere. Boom. Okay. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Juba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown and Mariah Rose, and we've got a new podcast, full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.