
Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now key Huey Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie roles of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom alongside Harrison Ford, and then his data from the Cult Classic de Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins an Academy of Wolf. His performance and everything everywhere, all at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also Stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one.


You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th,


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, But you're so good at It. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now?


Well, sexy red people playing. Okay, DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, February 4th goes the 22-year-old Aiden Sigman. Okay, he is a Temple University student and he's been arrested for impersonating an ICE agent. Let's go to ABC six. Action news for the report please. One temple student in custody tonight and police looking for another as well as a third unidentified suspect. Students are shocked that fellow owls are accused of impersonating federal immigration and customs enforcement agents on campus. 22-year-old Adam Siegelman is now in custody. Police say this man has been identified but is still at large, as is a third unidentified person.


Two suspects wearing black shirts with white letters reading police and ice. A third recording them. Police were able to take Siegelman into custody nearby on 12th Street in a Jaguar. SUV was towed away. The two other suspects left the area in a light colored SUV. In a statement, the university said impersonating law enforcement officers is a crime. This behavior and harassment of temple community members will not be tolerated. How you at large Aiden, just go ahead and tell please. Okay, listen. We are the USA Unserious America. We all play way too much. All right. Too many people out here preying on people's fears. Why would you want to disturb the piece of these people?


Like these guys ran up in Insomnia Cookies. Alright, these poor people just doing their job and insomnia. Cookies, making sure you get a warm, delicious chocolate chunk at two in the morning and you in there scaring the hell out. These folks. Do you understand the matter of life and death that deportation is okay, ice is showing up to places and straight up just taking folks away. Disappear. Banish, you're gone. There was a ice raid reported at a Philadelphia car wash and a eyewitness told Fox 29 And I quote, they just came and took everyone away. So you gotta understand folks is on edge and Aiden, what were you and your two friends trying to accomplish? Did you at least get a 50 pack of classics from Insomnia Cookies?


Me, I would've mixed it up. Chocolate Chunk Classic with M and msms Oatmeal raisin. Red Velvet Double Chocolate Chunk. But that's neither to hit no day. Let me tell you, digital de Hedge something. I can see why you would think this is funny, but it's not. Okay. You're playing with people's lives and you're playing with your life because impersonating any law enforcement is not only dangerous, it's illegal and imposters will be charged under federal law. So you college kids, y'all better stop chasing imitating nice agents and just stick to the regular college pranks that you used to. Okay? I remember back in the day when college kids just used to do things like toilet paper to dean's office. Now these kids is out here pretending to be Deputy Deporters. Okay? Imagine walking up the people like papers. Please. Meanwhile, your tuition payments are due, all right?


You need to focus, okay? This is why we need a cop style show about ice. I'm serious. We need a A show that shows ICE doing their job so people know what to expect and what not to expect from ice. I know ICE wants to surprise people, but this is going to complicate things. People playing and pretending to be ice agents. It's gonna complicate things because I wouldn't open my door for ice because I don't know if it's really ice. How do I test this ice to know it's real? Can I bring my diamond Testa? Is there a password? A few minutes ago, a white woman just opened the door here at iHeart and what did she say? She said special announcement guys, That we got a special announcement.


Everybody started scurrying. I didn't. I did, but they started scurrying like, like they was like, well, we didn't know, you know, if it's DEI initiative getting rolled back, we didn't know if he was ice. That is how on edge people are. And for the record, ICE agents do not have the authority to enter your your household without a warrant signed by a judge. Okay? You are allowed to request to see their badge, their identification. ICE will never ask you for money or threaten deportation or detainment. If you do not pay them, pay them. Okay? So I want y'all to remember these things just look alive, folks, pay attention because you can't trust people in 2025. And for everybody out there pretending to be a ice agent, stop playing with people, okay? You're putting yourself in harm's way for no reason and causing people emotional distress for no reason.


Please give Aiden Sigman the biggest hee-haw. Stop playing, man. That's so last. All right, Well thank you for that DONKEY today, Sir. Yes indeed. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Listen to me, this is charlamagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk.


It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe.


If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation, Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.