
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other, but when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with Hate Man. Yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he Did. And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white, but The Breakfast Club bitches.


Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the Day The way things are going. They gonna sign an executive order to make me change that intro soon. But DONKEY today for Tuesday, February 18th, goes to the US Department Of Education while, well, I should I say Donald Trump's US Department Of Education. Now, if you haven't been paying attention to what's going on in The World, because it hasn't popped up on Shade Room just yet, let me be the first to tell you that Donald Trump and the Department Of Education have decided to eliminate all race Based Programs In schools. Okay? And they got 14 days to get rid of it. That's right. The Department Of Education plans to cut funding for initiatives that address racial disparities in education. They will penalize schools that consider race and scholarships, hiring and a bunch of other activities, okay?


They warn schools that they risk losing federal funding if they continue to take race into account when making scholarship or hiring. Decisions are so much as noted to race in all other aspects of student academic and campus life. Oh, I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to the National desk for the report please. Dojo's newest target diversity, equity, and inclusion at the Department Of Education, identifying 70 DEI training grants amounting to $373 million according to Doge. One such grant trained teachers to engage in self-reflection to confront their own biases and racism. This comes as the Department Of Education continues its crackdown on DEI programs and policies in schools.


On Friday, the acting assistant secretary sent out a letter reminding institutions, any discrimination based on race, color, or national origin is illegal. Adding institutions failing to comply with federal civil rights law, face potential loss of federal funding. Critics quick to respond. What does this mean? Are they going to take away funding from historically black colleges? Are they going to take away funding from public schools that have a Latino student union? To me, it indicates just the fanatical obsession that this administration has in terms of going against DEI. This is America 2025.


You know, America's core values allegedly have always been liberty, equality, and justice. These values are supposed to be the foundation of American democracy, but they aren't. Okay, never have been. It's liberty, equality and justice for white men. And then there's the rest of us. All right? In fact, the only reason things like affirmative action exists is because government needed a remedy for the effects of longstanding discrimination in this country. Now, somebody needs to explain to me what's changed. Okay? In a country where systemic racism is literally rooted in every institution, the solution is now to pretend that racism and other forms of discrimination just simply don't exist. Let's go back to doing things the way they were being done before these race-based programs existed.


So let's go back to doing what caused us to have to come up with the race-based programs to begin with. This is all part of a broader agenda to remove what they call wokeness from American education. And look, I don't care if for wokeness either, okay? I believe most woke people just simply need some sleep. But the reality is wokeness and programs designed to level the to to level the playing field for marginalized students are not the same. Okay? You can't just strip away those programs. That's like having a leaky roof and you decide to fix that leaky roof by removing the roof entirely. That would make no sense. Now, this is also the latest step in the Trump administration's move to reshape programs intended to make things equal for historically underserved populations as a form of racial discrimination.


Craig Trainor, who's the education department's acting assistant Secretary for civil rights, said related programs and scholarships, many of which have historically helped black and Latino students attain college degrees or fine community, had come at the expense of white and Asian students, many of whom come from disadvantaged backgrounds. Now, let me read to you a quote from Craig Trainor because this is interesting. He said, And I quote, at its core, the test is simple. If an educational institution treats a person of one race differently than it treats another person because of that person's race, the educational institution violates the law. Well, god damn, how many institutions have treated white people differently and given them preference treatment over every other?


Other? Okay, trainer says, put simply educational institutions may need to separate or segregate students based on race, nor distribute benefits or burdens based on race. I could be wrong because I am not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but we got to these race-based programs. We implemented things like affirmative action to make sure that policies and programs gave limited preferences to minorities and women, not just in institutions of higher education, but job hiring, awarding a government contract, other social benefits. They had to implement these things because if they didn't, white privilege would rule everything around me. Education is supposed to be the great equalizer, but how can it be when the very programs aimed at uplifting, the underserved are being dismantled?


Donald Trump and his Department Of Education are sending a very clear message and that message is eff you niggas, right? They aren't interested in addressing the real issues of inequality in our schools. Instead, they would rather gaslight us, tell us, we tripping, sweep the inequality under the rug and then tell us to act like we don't see the lump. So all these colleges that offer scholarships and grants specifically for students of certain ethnic backgrounds, all that's just gone. Schools are just barred from using race and decisions pertaining to admissions and hiring and promotion, compensation, financial aid, scholarships, prizes, administrative support, discipline, housing, graduation ceremonies, and all the other aspects of student academic and campus life.


Who is going to be policing this? Okay. What about America in 2025 should make any of us believe we can trust people to do the right thing and regards the prejudice and discrimination. Because if you ask me what the Department Of Education is currently doing is indeed prejudice and discrimination. And you know the main reason we should teach the true history of America so we don't repeat our mistakes. Winston Churchill once said, those who failed and learn from history are doomed to repeat it. We have learned nothing. And so here we are. Please let Kathy Griffin give the Department Of Education the biggest. He haw. Please Give this giant jar of mail the biggest. He haw It's cold world.


Yes it is. It's cold world Crazy. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Ready to celebrate The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Step into The World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse with family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the Godfather at choa Casino dot com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now at choa Casino dot com. Welcome to the family, no Purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save spent wisely and invest with your guardrails and place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with the available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It could take you back to the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.