
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves are a working, professional, juggling career and family. A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit AP dot.edu/military to learn more American Public University education that moves with you.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


No, Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them, tell It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne. There only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne, who you give a dusty today to now DONKEY. Today for Wednesday, March 25th goes the National Security Advisor, Mike Walch. Now Mike Walch accepted Full Responsibility Tuesday for accidentally, including Atlantic Magazine's editor in chief Jeffrey Goldberg in a signal group chat with discussions about military strikes against the, what is it, the hoo, the Hoo hoos, the ties and Yemen took place. Yes. If you haven't heard top US officials, which apparently included Vice President JD Vance, defense Secretary Pete Hef, national Security Advisor, Mike Waltz.


They added Jeffrey Goldberg to a signal platform messaging group where classified military plans were being discussed. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to the news report, please. It's one of the most bizarre and potentially consequential national security lapses to reach the public forum. Top Trump administration officials, including National Security Advisor Mike Waltz, defense secretary Pete Hegseth, vice President JD Vance, and Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, laid out plans about the US' attack on the Houthis in Yemen before putting it into action. The chat over the unauthorized encrypted messaging app signal accidentally invited in on the conversation editor-in-chief of the Atlantic, Jeffrey Goldberg At 11:44 AM I receive a text in this chain from someone who claims to be Pete Heg sip, who provides what I would only call a, I can only call it war plan.


I sort of just sort of wait with my phone to see if this is a, a real thing. Sure enough, around one 50 Eastern time, I see that Yemen is under attack. The White House confirmed the messages Goldberg reported were authentic. Hegseth then went after and dismissed the reporting itself. Nobody was texting war plans, and that's all I have to say about that. Jesus Christ, that was a BC news for the report at this point. Who is God letting executive produce America? This dramedy is hilarious. Is it Lor Michaels, maybe even Ken Peel the Waynes brothers, Dave Chappelle and Neil Brennan maybe. I don't know. Look, I don't even know how satire is even a thing nowadays because his life itself is a spoof.


Now remember what I said earlier, Mike Waltz is taking Full Responsibility. Let, let's listen. It's embarrass, right? Yes. We're gonna get to the bottom of it. We've have, I I just talked to Elon on the way here. We've got the best technical minds looking at how this happened. But I can tell you I don't know this guy. I know him by his horrible reputation, and he really is a bottom scum of journalists. And I know him in the sense that he hates the president, but I don't text him. He wasn't on my phone. And we're gonna figure out how this happened. So you don't know what staffer is responsible for this right now. Well, look, a staffer wasn't responsible. And look, I take Full Responsibility.


I built the, I built the group to make my job is to make sure everything's coordinated, to execute. But how did the number execute the Emini here? I don't mean to be pedantic here, but how did the number get, have you ever had, have you ever had somebody's contact that shows their name and then you have an, and then you have somebody else's number there? Oh, I never make those mistakes, right? You got somebody else's number on someone else's contact. So of course I didn't see this loser in the group. It looked like someone else. Now, whether he did it deliberately or it happened in some other technical mean is something we're trying to figure out. First of all, that's an admission of guilt. Okay? Mike Waltz said, I take Full Responsibility. I built the group. My job is to make sure everything is coordinated. Cool. So now Trump knows who to fire, right? This level of incompetence can't be corrected with a my bad Emini here we talking classified military plans being discussed over signal.


Well, WhatsApp wasn't available. Sidebar, I've had so many people try to get me on signal since Signal been signaling, And I never understood why people wanted to get on that app. When people say it's because you can have top secret conversations and nobody can see them, it's encrypted. I'm like, y'all really believe that? Okay. That's actually the easiest way to get people's information. If I wanted to get everybody's top secret convos, I would create an app that's available for anyone to download. And I would tell them everything on here is secret and nobody will see it. And boom, now I got you in your top secret world plans. Now, Mike Waltz has accepted Full Responsibility, okay? This is what he said, but I need y'all to understand that when you accept Full Responsibility, that means you and you alone are responsible.


Mike Waltz didn't do that. In fact, all he did was blame Jeffrey Goldberg who didn't ask to be in this group chat to begin with. Let's hear that again. I don't know this guy. I know him by his horrible reputation, and he really is the bottom scum of journalists. And I know him in the sense that he hates the president, but I don't text him. He wasn't on my phone. And we're gonna figure out how this happens. So This is not what Full Responsibility looks like. Okay? This is not what taking Full Responsibility looks like. Mike, you already said you are the person who coordinated this. You and you alone invited Jeffrey Goldberg to this group chat. Imagine being the person who got invited somewhere. They didn't want to be in the first place. Okay? The party is trash and the party promoter blames you for the party being whack.


I ain't even have to be here. Okay? If I'm such a loser, why do you have my number to begin with? Why would you have your bosses op in your phone? You said, I'm an antagonist of Trump. No, I'm a person who calls out BS when I see it. And this guy, Jeffrey Goldberg, was exposed to the incompetence of some of our top US officials, and he decided to do the right thing and shared that with the public. Okay, Mike Waltz, I would've respected it if you would've said, this was stupid. We were incompetent. I was incompetent. It's my fault, therefore I'm stepping down. But no, that's not what anyone in the Trump administration likes to do. They take all the credit when something is good and deflect and blame others when something goes wrong. Mike Waltz, Mike Waltz, Mike Waltz, always remember, it's easy to blame others when things are broken.


The hard part is recognizing the part you played in it all. Please give Mike Waltz, the National Security Advisor, the biggest hee-haw. Alright? You Want them people to square up with you so bad? No, I don't. I just think that it's ridiculous to say you take Full Responsibility for something, but then as you're taking Full Responsibility, And I put that in their quotes, you're blaming the other person. And the fact that our top US officials are discussing military plans on signal. Yep. Signal Men always been dumb in the group chat. It's, that's been a thing for centuries. So you Know what? You absolutely right. Alright. You're absolutely right. Well, thank you for that DONKEY of the Day.


DONKEY of the Day is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns, wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground.


Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves are a working, professional, juggling career and family. A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour.


Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist.


And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.