
I'm a good lawyer. And. I Wanna win on August 22nd. I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose his series.


Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear up for outdoor adventures. With the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely Worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be Shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details


Every week on Talk Easy with Sam Fragoso. I invite an artist, writer, or politician to come to the table and speak from the heart in ways you probably haven't heard from them before. So my favorites are with Tom Hanks Questlove and Kate Blanche. In recent weeks, I've talked to actor Dan Levy, director Ava DuVernay, and the editor of the New Yorker, David Remnick. You can listen to talk Easy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexican across borders, the Heart of America, Sonoro iHeartPodcasts Network present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Na iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts. Craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the pool. He laughed. Why does The Sunshine State consistently produced such strange news? If I catch all asy traffic, I whisper my y'all.


It is just one of the many wacky news stories Out of Florida On The Breakfast Club. Oh man, So many. LU is in Baton Rouge, by the way. It is. Thank you. I don't know. Okay, I don't know what youre for. That. Is she the mayor of Shreveport over there? Relax, looking like a Lego DONKEY. Today for Monday, August 19th, goes to a doctor in Florida named Ishwari Pade. What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now I truly believe humans don't care about each other like they used to. Okay? Empathy is just a thing of the past. And. I believe it's because smartphones and social media have desensitized us to everything, especially people's feelings.


Okay? It doesn't matter if it's emotional, physical, spiritual, mental humans just don't care about what other humans are feeling are going through. And when you are a doctor, this is simply a trait you can't have. Okay? Doctors have to care for people. Doctors have to listen to you. They have to ask you questions. They must cons. They must show concern for your feelings. They have to explain things in a way that makes sense to you. They must include you in their decision making. Did I say they must show concern for your feelings? Okay, because Dr. Prasad did not do that. And that is why we are gathered here today. I need all my brothers of a certain age, 45 and up to You know come around the radio and let's bond together over a procedure. Many of us have already gotten If, you haven't gotten it.


You need to, but that procedure is a colonoscopy. Did your butt tense up when you heard me say that? Huh? If You know what a colonoscopy is, I'm sure those cheeks got tight, but If, you don't know what it is. Let me tell you. It's just a medical procedure that allows the doctor to examine the inside of the colon and rectum using a flex flexible tube called a colonoscope. I think I pronounced that right. Probably not. They will put something in your butt basically, but that's something they put in your butt could save your life because you could start getting regular screenings. You should start getting regular screenings for colon cancers at age 45. When did you get yours envy? 45. 45. Okay, I think I got mine at like 44. If. you listening to me right now? And you say, nah, I'm good. No, no, no. 44 2. Yeah, I got mine 40. You got your 44? Yeah, I got mine because you scared me.


That's that's made me think about it. If, you listening to me right now and you say, nah, I'm good. Simply because you don't want anything placed in your brown fruit loop. Then ask yourself this simple question. Would you rather be gay or dead? Okay, I'll take gay for 500. Alex, worst thing about the colonoscopy is the prep you have to do the day before the drugs they give you are incredible. It's the same thing they gave Michael Jackson put you to sleep. They go in your balloon knot and make sure everything is good. You don't feel nothing slight anal pain when you wake up, but you will be fine. Okay? Well what happens when one is not sedated? Could you even imagine in being hell no? Whoa. What happens when something is in your butt? Oh my goodness. And you can feel it, but your doctor can't hear you. Well that is what happened in the case, oh boy of Dr.


Ishwari Prasad. See, according to the Florida Board of Medicine, Dr. Prasad is facing disciplinary action because he couldn't hear the patients yelling in pain because he wasn't hearing a hearing aid. He wasn't wearing his hearing aid. You heard me correctly. Okay. That's crazy. Unless you two don't have your hearing aid in. You heard me. Dr. Prasad cannot perform colonoscopies for Dow. He's on probation by the State's Board of Medicine after two colonoscopy procedures went wrong under his care. My brothers, hold on to your butts while you hear these stories. Let's go to Fox 13 Tampa for the report. Police A nine page complaint from the Florida Department of Health details. Some disturbing allegations against Dr. Ishwari Prasad, a gastroenterologist in Tampa.


According to the report, Prasad was performing colonoscopies on two patients and wasn't wearing his hearing aids at the time. As a result, a patient who wasn't fully sedated when the procedure began, started yelling, but Prasad couldn't hear him. According to the report. The complaint goes on to say the surgical team couldn't communicate with Prasad either. And finally, the doctor is accused of allowing an unlicensed surgical tech to perform part of the procedures, including inserting the colonoscopy scope. The Florida Board of Medicine placed Prasad on probation last week. He could no longer conduct solo procedures until he is cleared by a state approved supervising doctor. In an emailed response, Prasad claimed this was a false report and that he's contesting it with his lawyer. What You mean it's a false report?


I know my butt. Okay, first of all, let's thank God we didn't have to go through this when we got our colonoscopies round of applause for amazing doctors that we had. Okay, second of all, this man, Dr. Prasad improperly delegated the duty of putting a scope wear eye duty to a surgical tech. Alright? The tech had no medical license, but you gave this man permission and start a scoping my butt. Okay? Surgical tech. First of all, surgical tech. You didn't You know you didn't have a license. So what was your intention? If? you asked me. I think you was just back there for fun. Certain things you just don't let people do If. you a pilot, you just don't hand the keys to the plane to an unlicensed pilot assistant and say, here, take off. But that's not the one that's gonna make you bonky hurt. Okay? Just thinking about it. All right? The fact, the one that's gonna really make you bonky hurt is the fact that Dr.


Psad wears a hearing aid because he has hearing impaired and he has to wear it to allow him to hear and communicate during procedures. But Pade was not wearing the hearing aid for at least one, if not both of the procedures detailed in the complaint. And this one was terrible because The patient wasn't fully sedated. Okay? According to the complaint, Pade began inserting the scope prematurely. Ooh, causing The patient to begin yelling. And the doctor did not immediately stop the procedure when it was apparent The patient was not fully sedated and he failed to realize it because he couldn't hear the yells the poor patient wasn't fully sedated because of a problem with the IV line.


Okay? So according to the Miami Herald, Dr. Prasad continued to insert the scope despite being told to wait and began to thrust the scope into the patient's chocolate starfish. While The patient shouted in pain, The patient was yelling and shouting that he was in pain and could still feel everything. And the doctor just kept on moving the scope inside his stink wrinkle while The patient was screaming in pain. You wanna know what makes the story worse. There was a hospital administrator in the room who told Dr. Prasad he needed to wait to which Dr. Prasad leaned over The patient and shouted, I know what type of masochist are you.


You know how when you're not listening because you don't care to listen. In this case, Dr. Prasad really didn't care to listen because he didn't even put his hearing aid in. So you just shake your head. Yeah, sure I know. And you don't know a damn thing that was Dr. Prasad in this situation. This man, Dr. Prasad is out here pickpocketing, people's prison wallets, man. Okay. This man been put on probation and he will not be able to perform any procedures on his own until he's either evaluated for competency or performs 10 gastroenterology procedures. I know I messed that word up, but You know what I'm under You. know what I'm saying here. Okay? He have to perform 10 of those procedures under the supervision of a physician who will then make a recommendation to the probation committee.


I think he should have his license taken away. There is some jobs where there is no room for error. Okay? When you back there sticking scopes in my peanut butter tarantula, you should not be allowed to make a mistake. Medical malpractice is completely unacceptable. Okay? One of the main things a doctor is supposed to do is listen to you. That's how they fix what's wrong. So if he's not listening, if he can't hear, if he doesn't even care enough to put his hearing aid on, then he's got to go. Please give Dr. Ishwari Prasad the biggest heehaw. How you forget your hearing aid. I know old people forget their teeth sometimes.


Mm Mm But the hearing aid. Mm, that poor man. But that's what you care about. That poor man was screaming. But I mean that poor man was in pain. That's what we hear to talk about. He'd be Butts but pause, pause, pause, pause. You can't pause, but you need it in your sentence. Go ahead. But pause. But, but there's usually, I know about my procedure. In your procedure, There's a lot of Butts in there. There was two men, pause. 'cause I know how they're gonna cut this up. There was two men pause in the butt. I had no two in me. Now I had one man back there. It wasn't no two in my butt. It was No, it had to be a, an assistant as well. No, him And Yeah, but there wasn't tag team back again. That was not happening. What the hell is you talking about? No, but if, but if I'm screaming like that, the assistant ain't gonna help me After I laugh, I gotta tell the doctor to stop because I'm gonna laugh at I already.


I know me. That's what I'm saying. Right. You Know I'm that first, that first scream. I'm laughing. I already know I'm getting my chuckle out after I stop laughing. Doc, what you doing doc? Doc, chill out doc. DONKEY w out. He Not gonna hear y'all. I'm gonna have to stop him. You gonna have to tap. The guy is yelling. You going take that Contact. You need to tap him. You Gotta get in between the scope and the butt. Yeah, you gotta take That out the butt. Yeah, You gotta join in on the Fun. Listen, I'm telling you, man, they said this man was screaming in pain. Man, I couldn't imagine Man. Man prematurely put the scope in, man. Anything. Man wasn't sedated all the way, man. Because When you get it, you're on your side. Come on man. That Bobby was on the other side and he Screaming on man Prematurely from the side is crazy.


You. know what I'm saying? This dude ain't no bottom, ain't no bottomless bunkie. Jesus Christ. Ain't nothing going back there. And you do it without telling me, well, Simpson, I'm not fully sedated. Send some healing energy to that man's butt, man. Ain't no healing fixing that. That man gonna feel that for the rest of his life. Okay. The man probably hit me on the radio this morning telling the story and his butt hole is begging for pain. All right. Begging, screaming. Oh right. I don't like the way you said begging. It was just so rough. Alright, where you wanna go this morning? What you mean where I want to go? Nevermind let's You trying to go get another one to get No, I was just saying, I I, I just wonder how many men have been through that. Like, but let's, let's do that another day.


Oh, If, you need some comfort. No, I, that has happened to me. I was knocked out. I was sleeping Good. Keep Going. I'm not going no more.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win on August 22nd, I gt she needs someone who is going to fight For her.


If we don't follow the right plan, we lose His series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending Herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with, and Morris Chestnut, I'm not Gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Every week on Talk Easy with Sam Fragoso, I invite an artist, writer, or politician to come to the table and speak from the heart in ways you probably haven't heard from them before. Some of my favorites are with Tom Hanks, Questlove and Kate Blanche. In recent weeks, I had talked to actor Dan Levy, director Ava DuVernay, and the editor of the New Yorker, David Remnick. You can listen to talk Easy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano across Borders, the Heart of America. Sonno, ER Hearts. Marco Podcast Network. Present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Na iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her. Sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.