
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one way they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid.


That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


DONKEY, I never heard of DONKEY other day. What is it? DONKEY? Say it against y'all man, I'm a DONKEY. You're a DONKEY. Charlamagne's saying is true. Yes, dark here today for Monday, February 24th goes to the richest man in The World, Elon Musk. Now I don't know who people voted for in 2024, okay? Some of us voted for Vice President Kamala Harris. Some people clearly voted for the 47th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. Some people voted for the green party. Some people wrote in candidates, but I know one person folks didn't vote for. And that person is the richest man in The World. Elon Musk.


But for some reason Elon Musk, who is an immigrant from South Africa, for some reason, this man is in control of how the government spend this money. Not only is he in control of how the government spends his money, he's the reason that over 12,000 federal workers have been fired as part of the Trump's administration's broad effort to slash the federal workforce of 2.33 million people. How do you feel knowing that you are a federal worker who voted for Donald J. Trump and in his first 30 days you're out of a job? Elections do indeed have consequences and sadly, because of a choice you made, you have to live unemployed with those consequences. It's amazing to me how they are just playing with people's lives, though you can't just cut people's jobs indiscriminately.


Okay? For example, they fired hundreds of employees from the National Nuclear Security Administration. These are people who oversee the stockpile nuclear weapons. Okay? And then they realized, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We need these people. Okay? They tried to rehire them because their dismissal could jeopardize national security. Alright? Elon Musk and the Trump administration also fired employees who worked on the bird flu response, okay? And they're trying to rehire them as well. It's a mess. And I personally don't understand how an administration, how an administration can say they are America first, but they have a South African immigrant causing pain to so many Americans. That is not what they voted for. But this weekend on X of course, Elon Musk suggested that workers could lose their jobs if they didn't respond to an email blast from the Office of Personnel Management asking for a list of five things they did in the past week.


I repeat, Elon Musk suggested that workers could lose their jobs if they didn't respond to an email blast from the Office of Personnel Management asking for a list of five things they did in the past week. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to NBC News for the report Police, what Did you do last week? That's the question. Elon Musk and his Department of Government efficiency team insist all federal workers must answer in an email Musk adding on a social media platform X. That failure to respond will be taken as a resignation. Three sources till NBC News. Those emails were already being received by federal employees Saturday asking them to send five bullet points of what they accomplished last week, but noting employees should not include classified information.


The deadline for replying except for Monday at 11:59 PM Now listen, I have to give credit to Tulsi Gabbard and Cash Patel. Tulsi is the US Director of National Intelligence and Cash. Patel is the new FBI director and they joined a growing list of department heads who have told their employees to ignore the request from Elon Musk and Doge because yes, why is anyone listening to him? Okay, not just those two individuals though. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, secretary of Defense, Pete sef and Department of Homeland Security Chief Christie Nome. They've all told employees to disregard. Okay, disregard that email because at some point someone with some sense has to reject the oligarchy.


Alright? The billionaires don't run America working class. People do. And if you are an official in the government, you work for working class people because trust and belief, Americans will remember who caused him pain and there will be backlash at some point. Not to mention I believe that someone needs to check Donald Trump's toay to make sure there isn't one of Elon Musk lyn's devices in there. Okay? Something isn't right. Alright? Elon has some sort of mind control over Donald Trump. And every time Donald Trump is in a press briefing, one simple question should come up. And that question is, who is the real president of the United States of America? Every time he's in a press briefing, when one of y'all get an opportunity to answer, to ask a question, y'all should ask that every single time because we know who it is on paper.


But who's really calling the shots? Elon and Trump are giving record label owner artist vibes. Okay? Watching Elon, you know, stand next to Trump is like watching Birdman stand next to Wayne back in the day. It's like watching Diddy stand next to big back in the day. It's like watching Yo Gotti and Gorilla. Now, no matter how hot the artist is, you can clearly see who's in charge. Now here's the reason Elon Musk absolutely deserves this Heehaw. Okay? This man said on yesterday that he was just eager to see who had a pulse and two working neurons amid the claims that some government employees are barely working are checking their emails.


Can you imagine if you worked in government and you are in charge of things that could put this country's national security at risk? You are in charge of containing diseases that could kill millions of people and you have an unelected immigrant from another country playing what you on a weekend. We have to start putting some things in perspective. And one thing we need to put in perspective is we are post America. Okay? We are post constitution. This isn't about Republican or Democrat. This is about democracy and no democracy. And I don't know what the political solution is to this problem because we aren't dealing with the democracy that we once knew. And until we the people identify and realize what game is actually being played at our expense, we will continue to lose.


Please give the oligarch in Chief Elon Musk the biggest hee-haw. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Ready to celebrate The magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent.


Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com. Life Is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services.


Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.