
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments, or the flocked starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect Tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing In Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta skymile member comes with more than just miles and great travel. It comes with access to Sky Miles experiences. My new favorite place to find unforgettable events like an exclusive styling session and cocktails with me, Rachel Zoe. Courtside seats for your favorite team, one of a kind dining concert backstage passes and much more All available by using your miles head over to delta.com/sky miles experiences to find your next experience and favorite memory, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Damn the heehaw, It's time for Donkey of the Day. I ain't trying to be Donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They Called Donkey of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne, who got the Donkey today? Today, Well, just hilarious. I found my diamond tested too. It's warming up. Thank you. We're gonna check that ring that Chris Brown bought. Just hilarious. Absolute $400,000. Go Ahead. Donkey. Today for Friday, November 22nd is a double Donkey. One Donkey goes to Jeffrey, offer Moynahan Jr. A 56-year-old Bradon Florida resident. What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida, and today is no exception.


Now, before I tell you who's getting the second hee-haw. Let me tell you about Jeffrey. He's a scammer, a charlatan, a con artist. Yes. All of the above. See, this man was on Facebook pretending to be Elon Musk. Yes. And some people bought into it. There's a 74-year-old Texas woman who befriended the Elon Musk account on Facebook last year and spent several months exchanging messages with the account. The woman was encouraged to invest in one of Elon Musk's businesses and Well, let's go to a BC action news for the report, please. This is the neighborhood where 56-year-old Jeffrey Arthur Moynihan lives, Bradenton Police arrested him at his home last night for pretending to be Musk. He's now facing charges for scamming a 74-year-old Texas woman out of a quarter of a million dollars.


Veteran Detective Jim Carla says, Moynihan used the real Elon Musk's Facebook profile photo to convince the woman he was the real deal. Investigators said this went on for months before the Bradenton suspect leveraged their growing friendship and offered the victim an investment opportunity. He suggested if she gave him 500,000, he could turn that into 55 million. Oh My God. The victim's husband told detectives in Frisco, Texas, his wife gave the imposter $600,000. Damn. Now, none of the victim's money has been recovered, which is often or most often the case in these situations. Of the $3 million stolen already from elderly residents in Bradenton this year, only about $15,000 has been recovered in Bradenton.


I'm Jessica Leon, a BC action news. Lemme Tell you something, man. It takes two to scam, okay? Number one, you got the scammer. Number two, you got the scammed and scammers prey on people's need to believe. And there are a lot of people out here who believe in Elon Musk, okay? He's the richest man in The World, and he's a bonafide genius, okay? Like, I'm gonna love him. It is what it is. So I get it, but I can't just give Jeffrey the biggest, he haw here. I have to give this 74-year-old woman from Texas, some of this Donkey, because if you 74 years old and you got $250,000 to invest to give to a random Elon Musk account on Facebook, then I have to believe that you are smart enough to know not to give $250,000 to a random Elon Musk account on Facebook.


Even if you're not smart enough to know you. 74, you've been around the block a few times, ma'am, you should see a scam coming a mile away. I don't wanna be a victim blamer here, but damn, in certain situations, especially situations like this, the victim should be blamed. Okay? You can't be this gullible unless you want to be this gullible and Jeffrey, shame on you. Jeffrey has a perfectly legitimate painting and pressure washing business, okay? That's what she was sending the money to. I know you make decent money, but you on the internet scamming the elderly outta their social security money. Now, lemme tell you something. The 74-year-old from Texas, you heard in the news report, Her husband said the amount she gave the Elon Musk account may be even higher. He told investigators she gave him around 600,000.


Now I, now, I really, really, really, really don't feel sorry for her. You got a whole husband at the house and $600,000 to give to a fake Elon Musk account, and you 74 years old, I know you've been around a long time, and you may not be used to all this new technology, but I know that you are wise enough to ask for a FaceTime. Somebody around you has to be smart enough, wise enough to ask for a FaceTime. Did you tell anyone? Did you say, Hey, guess what? Elon Musk is on Facebook asking me to invest in one of his businesses. The reason it's important to say things like this to people out loud is so somebody can knock some sense into you with their words. For example, somebody comes to me and says, Hey, I've been talking to Elon Musk on Facebook and he wants me to send him money to invest in one of his businesses.


He said, if I give him 250,000, he can gimme 55 million. Hmm. All it takes is for one person in the family, one close friend to say, sit your dumb ass down. Okay? Shut your dumb ass up. First of all, Elon must be on Twitter, not on Facebook. Second of all, he wouldn't be asking you for no cash over social media. Third of all, what makes you think 250,000 would turn to 55 million? That's not how things work. I know that in life they tell you that if You know someone who has been scammed, you should reassure them. Let them know scams can happen to anyone that they are You know, not at fault, but that's a lie, okay? In this case, you have to do your due diligence, especially asking for that kind of money.


They also tell you not to be judgemental. Don't criticize or blame the person who got scammed. No. This 74-year-old woman from Texas, along with Jeffrey Arthur Moynihan Jr. Both deserve the biggest he haw. So give it to him Now. Let me see that ring, Jess. Now if you're just joining us, Chris Brown was on Kai Sinat scream, and Chris Brown said that the most expensive gift he ever bought a woman was a $400,000 ring. And Jess got this big ass ring on today, and she's claiming Chris Brown bought it for her. Now, Jess, is this an engagement ring? No, it was a promise ring or something like that. Okay.


Or whatever he said last night on the flip it so we can see the, Oh, okay. All right. Hold On. That's good. That's real. That's real. I mean, what the, I mean, what? That's real. What did we think? I, I knew it was real. Okay. Okay. I'm just making sure. Yeah, I'm just making sure Chris ain't buying you fake stuff. Yeah, no, don't pay me. Okay. How many carrots is that? Oh, baby, don't, no, let's stop. She said about She's just close to half a ticket. Don't even play with me right there. Okay. Okay. Drop on a clue bomb for Chris Brown. Nigga. He didn't ask for it back. I wish he would. Maybe if I was carucci or somebody, he would ask, but he already know, he know not to play with you.


He know not to Ever, ever play with me in his life. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah, so this was a nice investment. Thank you, Chris. I'm, I'm confused, but all right. That when we come back about what whatcha confused about Jabre films are gonna be joining us. First Of all, you in here with a fake bed attached to your hat. The Scully and the bed come together, but, but you what? You confused about what just got going on Jabre. Just ring is real. Let me, lemme put this diamond test on your beer. Come do it. Come do it. Come do it. Come do it. Come do it. Yo, come do it. You gonna test his beer? Yo? Let me see. Yo. Fake as hell. Ain't going off at all. God, Get outta here, man. Jabre Films will be joining us. He's the director of the new film. I Hate. I Love You. Streaming now on Peacock. Just hilarious How Very Own is starring in it.


We gonna talk to him next. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Donkey. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a Donkey when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola.


Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing in Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta Sky Miles member comes with more than just miles and great travel. It comes with access to Sky Miles experiences. My new favorite place to find unforgettable events, like an exclusive styling session and cocktails with me, Rachel Zoe, courtside seats for your favorite team, one of a kind dining concert backstage passes and much more all available by using your miles Head over to delta.com/experiences to find your next experience and favorite memory, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning Miles today.


Terms apply. Had enough of this country ever dreamt about starting your own, I planted the flag. This is mine. I own this. It's surprisingly easy. Feel 55 gallons of water, 500 pounds of concrete, Or maybe not, no. Country Willingly gives up their territory. Oh my God. What is that? Bullets? Listen to Escape from Zack Stan, Help. That's escape from ZAQ. Stan on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, Bo. Hey, Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers, Katie's publicist and finalists.


That's right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it, and be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen to Lost Culture East on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show, where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about.


It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.