
Hey, it's a Martinez. The news can feel like a lot on any given day, but you can't just ignore LA when important world changing events are happening, that is where the Up First podcast comes in every single morning in under 15 minutes, we take the news and boil it down to three essential stories so you can keep up without feeling stress out. Listen up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed, or have they ever performed way too drunk or high, or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they sunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio App App, a podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts with Erica.


I'm Hunter, host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunts, A young mother Vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


You try To be a fake ass Charlamagne, the only one Charlamagne Above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty other day to now? DONKEY today for Tuesday, March 4th goes to a Florida man named Christopher Newton. Now what does your Uncle Charla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. Now I have a theory that people don't know right from wrong anymore because of social media. Let me explain. You can go on social media and literally witness any criminal activity you want and we end up seeing these. We end up seeing these activities so much that some people probably don't even know what they're witnessing. It's criminal, okay? It is criminal.


When you watch people get punched in the face on social media, alright? It's criminal. When you see folks flashing illegal guns on social media, it is criminal. When you see people showing off drugs, they are using and selling, okay? Street racing, reckless driving, drifting animal abuse. It's so many crimes we witness on social media, but because we don't see the consequences of them displaying this criminal behavior as often as we should, a lot of people think this stuff is normal. Well, in the words and the Honorable Minister Lewis Farrakhan, just because something has become the norm doesn't mean it's normal. And committing crime is never gonna be normal. And just because you commit crimes and act like it's every day, you know regular SMLA activities does not make what you doing not a crime.


Okay? Christopher Newton didn't get that memo though because he is out here moving, like the crimes he's committing are normal. According to Fox 13, Tampa Bay, Christopher Newsom or Christopher Newton has been arrested on drug charges after deputies say he left a baggie of cocaine in a house he was being trespassed from. Now, I have never heard the phrase he was being trespassed from. I've heard the phrase he was trespassing, but I'm also not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. So maybe that's the proper way to reference that. I don't know. But this is the Florida education system we are talking about. But according to Fox 13 Tampa Bay, okay, a Florida man was arrested on drug charges after deputies say he left a baggie of cocaine in a home he was trespassed from.


Now what had happened was Christopher Newsom text the homeowner who just asked him to leave about a bag of cocaine left on the nightstand, okay? And he sent that text while deputies were at the house. Sidebar, the sooner you realize people be on cocaine, the less you take things personally. Back to the story. Now, according to the Holmes County Sheriff's Office deputies, they responded to a call on Friday about having Christopher Newton removed from a home he was trespassing in. And while on the scene, Christopher texted the homeowner saying he left a baggie of boo of sugar on the nightstand. Deputies got consent to search the room with Christopher had been staying and found a plastic bag of that happy dust that nostril dandruff.


So Christopher was arrested and charged with possession of cocaine. Now listen to me. It's unclear how long Christopher stayed in this house before he was asked to be removed for trespassing. But clearly he was either comfortable, high or dumb enough to think he shared some type of relationship with this person to say, Hey, I left my Bolivian marching powder on the nightstand. Now I have another hypothetical. Whoever called the police on Christopher was either sniffing with him or fed up that he kept sniffing and wouldn't stop. When they got this text from Christopher, they got paranoid because they thought the cops would find the cocaine and they would go to jail for it. So they showed the police Christopher's texts to save their own ass. The moral of the story is this, A crime is a crime because we condemn it and there are not a lot of crimes being condemned enough in our society.


So folks don't even know they are crimes. Possession of cocaine is indeed a crime. And to text somebody like you left your wallet when it's a bag of cocaine, lets me know that there are people walking amongst us who don't know that sniffing cocaine is actually a crime. Envy. I'm sure you left your laptop or something at somebody's house before, right? Laptop. Yeah. I thought I was about to say, I thought I was about to Learn something about you. Envy was a laptop. Yes. I What? What You thought I Say? I thought you was gonna say he left his cocaine. So yeah, I was like, this said Jack Kick stop. I heard you stop. Okay, Lauren, I'm sure you've left a wig or something on somebody's nightstand, but a bag of cocaine, you wouldn't just text.


I left my cocaine on the nightstand. You could say, yo, I left my laptop over there. You could text that. You could text. I left my wig over there. But to say I, I, I, you know you left your cocaine. That's not something you Just say, Hey, I left that. I'm coming back to get it. Okay. But if I had left cocaine at somebody's house, I wouldn't text somebody and say, Hey, I left cocaine at your house. I would Just say, yo, I just left something. I'm coming back to get it. That's how we talk because we were raised in an era where we knew we were committing crimes. We knew right from wrong, but we were trying to not get caught either. This generation don't know, don't show, or don't give a damn about being arrested for the blatant crimes they are committing. Please give Christopher Newton the biggest hee-haw.


Make sure this man last name Ed is Newton. Alright. I kept saying Newton Newsome Newton, all types of stuff. For the record, I think it's a worse crime to leave your wig somewhere than your cocaine. How many times have you done it? Never. I'm Not. You never left your wig at somebody Else? No. Why would I just leave my wig? Like I'm just leaving with the braids. Like what happen It? What is it? The braids? Yes. I could see you doing that. No, I'll be back forth. I see you being so confident. I would never thinking you could just walk out the house without a wig. Emini here. Can you See that Emini? Here I am. Beautiful. Thank you. But no, I would never leave my wig just randomly. First of all, they cost a lot of money. Like these are not cheap. Your wigs? Yes. Oh, why you say your wigs like that? You gotta pay to get 'em made. Okay, stop playing with me. I Meant to ask like now that Trump is putting the tariffs on like China and stuff like that, how does that affect the way we really You away from shine?


We we gonna build them up? We gonna build up the closet. All the girls are gonna have, you know what Emini here Fair has been sitting and waiting. Mahogany is here now this is Mahogany Brown, so we're gonna build up a few more girlies so that way I can rotate And I be good. Okay, Well congratulations To me or the guy who got his cocaine back. No, congratulations. Congratulations to you. Oh, okay. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey, it's a Martinez. The news can feel like a lot on any given day, but you can't just ignore LA nos when important world changing events are happening. That is where the Up First podcast comes in every single morning in under 15 minutes, we take the news and boil it down to three essential stories so you can keep up without feeling stressed out. Listen up first from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways.


Bombing on stage, bombing in public bombing in life. I wanna know what's the worst way they've ever bombed, or have they ever performed way too drunk or high, or was there ever a time where they thought they were going to crush and they stunk it up? Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts With every country. I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016.


No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect Podcast, network Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.