
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where Drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional Features.


Your Execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go. We read. He gave me DONKEY of the Day And I deserve the We need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne There only one charlamagne to go damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to? Now That is crazy how eclipse make you just want to get dressed up and go sell some Coke. You wanna put on a nice three piece tailored suit? Yes, yo. And just find some cocaine to sell. What's wrong with you man? Christ DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, June 3rd goes to the acting head of fema.


David Richardson. What is fema? The Federal Emergency Management Agency, their primary goal, what are they here for? Is to coordinate the federal government's response to disasters and emergencies, both natural and manmade. What is a natural disaster? Earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, any catastrophic event caused by natural force. Okay. Tornadoes, volcanic eruptions. Tsunamis. There are multiple natural disasters that we can all point to. Now, David Richardson was recently appointed acting administrator of FEMA and he has no prior experience managing natural disasters. By the way, I don't care what anyone says. People being in leadership roles like this with no prior experience are way worse than what you call A DEI hire.


Okay, you can't tell me. DEI hires have no qualifications, but then turn around and hire people with no qualifications. Now why is David Richardson getting DONKEY today? Envy. Have you ever heard of hurricane season? Yes, of course. Jess. Hilarious. Have you ever heard of hurricane season? Absolutely. Of course you have. It started on June 1st and it ends November 30th. I am from Monks corner, South Carolina. I lived through Hurricane Hugo, 1989. Okay. I was 11 or 12 years old, so I know all about a hurricane season. Well, if I know about hurricane seasons and envy and Jess know about hurricane seasons, why doesn't the acting head of fema, David Richardson, what are you talking about Uncle Shala? Well, let's go to CBS news for the report please.


Multiple sources say staff at FEMA were left surprised when the agency's new acting head said he didn't know the US Had a Hurricane Season. David Richardson reportedly made the comments during a briefing Monday, a Department of Homeland Security spokesperson says it was made in jest, but some staffers are concerned since Richardson has no prior experience managing natural disasters, The acting administrative for FEMA just found out that America has a hurricane season. Wait until he finds out that water is wet and the sky is blue. Okay. Can you imagine if the head of NASA said out loud, wait, we go to space.


These are the same people rebelling against DEI because the people they feel are hired through DEI or unqualified. They don't believe your identity should be the reason you get hired for a job. And I agree, but that should also apply to old white males as well. Because Damnit from Pete Cept to David Richardson, we just keep getting examples of mediocre, unqualified white males. Okay? David Richardson, the acting head of fe just found out this country has a hurricane season. That's like the surgeon General saying, wait, people have organs. Yes, there are some seasons. We just know pumpkin spice lattes in the fall. Egg dog and coquito during the holidays, hurricanes.


Now, okay, this isn't some random guy on YouTube. This isn't a podcaster. This isn't some essay standing outside of Home Depot. This is the head of fema. Okay? This man is supposed to be the one warning us to brace for impact. Not asking, wait, we have a hurricane season. We are doomed. Doom, doom doomed. I tell you, you know what else David Richardson did in this meeting? According to CNN, he announced that FEMA will not release an updated disaster plan for this hurricane season as previously promised. Instead, FEMA will largely default back to its operating procedure from last year. Though the agency enters this hurricane season and turmoil with a dramatically smaller workforce, what could go wrong?


Just our luck. It will be the worst hurricane season in years. I pray not I pray, pray, pray not, but some life lessons we must learn the hard way. And oh, this big beautiful country we call America is gone learn. Now I can see Maggie in the comments right now saying, Charlemagne, you idiot. He was joking. Well, as I just said, he is considering reverting FEMA back the last year's hurricane plan and cutting back on training. So the only joke here will probably be the agency's preparation for a natural disaster. Okay? They are really just planning to recycle last year's plan, fema, FEMA officials, hurricane training this year consisted of control plus C, control plus V.


Okay, America, I am completely flabbergasted as long as David Richardson is the head of fema. FEMA should stand for. Forget every major alert. Don't even worry about the category four that might be brewing in the Atlantic. Let it sneak up on us. Okay? FEMA should stand for, forget expectations. Make assumptions. Since David Richardson just assumed that we didn't have a hurricane season America. If the head of FEMA doesn't know we have a hurricane season, we are doomed. Okay? Way before Avenger, doomsday gets here, I read a quote once and the quote was, when you're willing to do what you're unqualified to do, that's what qualifies you.


I must say I disagree. Okay? Certain positions, certain jobs, you just have to simply be qualified for. You have to be simply qualified to do. And if you don't know that there is a hurricane season, then you are not qualified. Please give the acting head of fema. David Richardson. The biggest hee-haw. God forbid, I hope we don't have a natural disaster in this country anytime soon, because if we do, y'all gonna realize that FEMA stands for fix everything. My ass. Okay. Damn. What? Fix everything. My ass. You want to be FEMA now, don't you? Nope. Now you want to be fema.


When I wear, when I put it like that, you wanna be fema. You please tell me your ass broke Charlamagne. What is he talking about? I'm gonna try. I'm gonna do my best to fix it. What is I got a tool you. I got a tool. I got a tool to fix. Did that lady called this morning and said, minute two, sassy, happy pride. Shut up. You, you. You be quiet, please. Wow. What I do? Please. Yeah, you be quiet. You happy? Pride? All right. Thank you. Celebrating for that DONKEY in a day. Yes. Let me reset for a second. Reset. Reset, reset, reset. Happy birthday to my daughter. She's 12 years old today. She's on her way to school, so Happy birthday Lunch Two. Happy birthday. Happy Day. How you say? Happy. How you Say happy Born in Dominican, right? Is it?


Yes. What? Well, Bel Snap Day. Yes. No, that's at Merry Christmas, ain't it? Oh yeah. Elise, complete annual. Yes. Yeah. All right. Happy


birthday Baby DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about.


Don't miss the season Premier June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Okay. Have you heard about this? Last year, the Green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted, the olds sent back and degree.


Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's anti per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.