
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You Are Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, DONKEY today for Thursday, January 23rd, goes to a 43-year-old man named Nicholas Sabo, but his wife has to share some of this. Hee-haw with him too because his wife put him in a position that many men get put in. And I'll explain after I tell you what happened. See, Nicholas was arrested on a charge of recklessly endangering another person because he shot somebody on his property. Now you know I'm two a all day, okay? Two a all day. I believe a black man owning a legal firearm in this country is a form of self care. Okay? I think that every family should own at least two firearms. And everyone in the house, man, woman, and child, who is old enough should know how to shoot.


Take your family to the range because hey, you never know. So with that said, why is Nicholas and his wife getting the biggest hee-haw? Because Nicholas shot someone on his property. Well, let's go to W-N-E-P-A BBC 16 for the report please. A man faces his charges after allegedly shooting a delivery driver in Lackawanna County. Police say, Nicholas Sabo shot at a man delivering groceries to his home in Newton Township on Saturday. Investigators say the driver was at the correct address and Bo's wife placed the order. The driver was taken to the hospital is is expected to be okay. Sabo is charged with reckless endangerment. Only in America can delivering a bag of kale turn into an action movie standoff.


Okay? Drop the Tropicana orange juice or else Listen to me ladies, this is the wife's fault. When you order from Uber Eats, DoorDash, Instacart, whatever it is, always tell your husband, okay, my brothers, I don't know how y'all anxiety is set up, but I got everything at my house. Door, birds, security cameras, all types of very sensitive alarm systems. I got the whole property under surveillance. And it's bad enough, ladies, that you all use Amazon every damn day. Between Amazon, FedEx, UPS, there is always some stranger on the property, but the difference between them, they usually be in a truck. So you know what it is? When you ordering food and groceries, they come in nondescript cars. You looking at the camera like, who is that? How many times have you turned to your wife and kids said, turn to your wife and kids and said, did y'all order something?


All the time. All the damn time. Okay. And until you hear them say yes, then you just gotta assume the op is on your property. Okay? That's why I can understand what Nicholas say. Well, we're thinking ladies, kids, when you order food on any of these apps or groceries, you know, please tell the man in the house, okay? But this is where the wife really gets the brunt of this. He haul, the wife is the one who ordered the groceries, but the wife is also the one who received the alert from the home security camera. That movement had been detected near the garage and she thought someone was trying to break into a utility trailer on their property. Now listen, I'm glad that Nicholas has a partner that's just as paranoid as him, but come on, miss Lady. You can't forget that you ordered Instacart at a time like this, right?


Okay. Do you not understand? Everyone is on edge and everyone at this moment is preset to wish a mother Effa would. Okay? Everybody is in wish, a mother eff wood mode, okay? We are in a constant state of fight, flight, or fire in these United States of anxiety. And Nicholas chose the fire because you gotta understand when the alarm goes off and then someone in your house, especially your wife says she thinks someone is trying to break into something. When you go to grab your pistol and go outside, you already thinking it's showtime. Okay? You not there to negotiate with this supposed intruder because you already believe they up to no good and you don't know what their intentions are.


Yes, you can be so paranoid, your anxiety can get the best of you so much that you can turn two day shipping into a two minute shooting. Alright? Poor Instacart driver just came over to deliver packages and almost ended up a pack. All because he was trying to figure out if the eggs go on the porch or the front steps. There was no verbal confrontation, no nothing. Just fire shot him in the lake. Okay? The wife ordered the groceries, the husband ordered the chaos all because it was poor communication on the delivery instructions. You have to redefine print when you're ordering things, okay? You can give people special instructions on where to take and leave things. Paul guide is trying to make an honest living delivering Instacart and get shot, right?


He ran back to his vehicle where his wife and child was waiting for him. He drove off and called 9 1 1. That man could have been murdered. He could have woke up dead somewhere today simply because of miscommunication. And Nicholas has been charged with recklessly endangering another person, and he could face more charges all because his wife simply forgot. Maybe we need security alerts that remind us like movement detected danger or just dinner. What do you even say to your husband after this? Please give Nicholas Sabo and his wife the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY of the, If you thought the price of groceries was high, wait till you see that bail and wait till you see how much it cost to pay for a lawyer.


Mm. All because your wife simply didn't tell you that she ordered groceries. It's messed up. But I understand. I'm Glad the guy is okay though. It's it's The guy that got shot. It's messed up, but it's understand messed. But that's, that's the first process at, at my house is when I hear something, I hit everybody. Did y'all order food First? Did y'all order day? Uber eats all day. And then when they say no, then I can know I can get an action. They who you, who is your Uber Eats? Here? Okay, that's your guy. Like, yeah. 'cause I'm, I'm nervous. I'm just, if nobody Had got hurt though, that one liner that you said it would've been good. You said the wife ordered the groceries, the husband ordered the chaos. If nobody got hurt, that would've been like a, that was Cute. No, the chaos is somebody that got hurt. That's why Chaos. I know what I'm saying. If nobody got hurt, it just would've been cute.


It's like, no, I think it was cute. Regardless, he didn't die. Okay. Little Leg shot. Something about the my man. Nevermind. Oh, That turned you on. I was like, ooh, I wrote that down. I like, Get your gun. Ooh, he got a gun, girl. No. Oh my God. Ooh. He just shot the Instacart driver. He's so upset. No, because like you said, they becoming in non-descriptive cars. All dog tints. That's right. Nah, that's right. Mm. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY day. I don dunno know what The husband was thinking though when he went outside and he just saw this person with a handful of groceries, he still gotta shoot, right? Because Yeah, but that's nothing. He had groceries like what? You, but you never know because people be pulling up with deliveries and it pushed their way into your house. Y'all never heard them stories. And that probably looks strange if your wife is like, yo, I think somebody trying to break a new utility trailer. Then you go outside and, and he's standing there with avocados and spring water and you like, oh my god, what the hell?


Avocados and Spring water. I'm just saying Mountain Valley maybe. Mm. I'm glad he is okay though. Mm. Now if he had a eggplant, you wouldn't have shot, right? Ooh, You just nasty. Right? He Had a egg plan, he after for bite, wouldn't you? Thank you For the DONKEY today to staring that silence. Y'all Be, if you saw him with an egg plan, you want to like, man, can I, can I have it? I'll eat it raw. What? You wouldn't even chop it up or nothing. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up Early in the Morning. The Breakfast Club. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour.


Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you. John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes starting January 14th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. People, my people, what's up? This is Quest love, man, I cannot believe we're already wrapping up another season of Questlove Supreme Man.


We've got some amazing guests lined up to close out the season. But you know, I don't want any of you guys to miss all the incredible conversations we've had so far. Emini here. We talked to Amarie Johnny, Mar Eve, Jonathan, Billy Porter, and so many more. Look, if you haven't heard these episodes yet, hey, now's your chance. You gotta check them out. Listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.