
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds in a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar crisp. Refresh it and ice gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


it's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, But you're so good at it. You Trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Charla Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving, giving Dusty today to now? Yes, doggie. Today for Thursday, November 7th goes to a 21-year-old woman named Juniper Bryson. And she's been charged with the sale or purchase of a child, and she is currently being held on a $30,000 bond because she tried to sell her child on Facebook. Let's go to ABC 13, eyewitness News for the report, please. She led us on to believe that we were chosen. Wendy Williams and her husband were one of many families, according to court records, hopeful to be the parents of this beautiful baby boy. Born on September 24th.


The only difference between Williams and the other families is she was in the delivery room with 21-year-old Juniper. Bryson Williams didn't know Bryson, neither did the other prospective parents. They just responded to Facebook posts asking for someone to adopt Bryson's baby. Bryson chose Williams, she believes because she was local and Bryson went into labor early. She stayed at the hospital for three days with Bryson and the newborn who tested positive for drugs according to court records. But then Williams says she started getting messages on Facebook from people saying Bryson was trying to sell the baby. After finding out what she did, Williams contacted CPS and police were called investigators, obtained conversations with at least seven people on social media where they say Bryson was asking for money in exchange for the baby, including this one where she says, I'd ask for a minimum of 150 bucks upfront.


That's It. 150. I gotta get a discount after baby test. Positive for drugs. Okay, little meth, little crack, baby. I'm not paying 150. Yeah, a hundred dollars. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. Now look, she's 21 years old. And I have a theory that after the year 2000, they really just started making any old kind of human. Okay. I think God sold the company, the company that makes humans. God sold it. Let 'em keep the name, the designs, but the ingredients don't hit the same. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not gonna sit here and act like the humans I grew up with was much better. Okay? I grew up in an era where some humans would have babies and then throw the babies in a dumpster. Okay? Tupac wrote a whole song about it. Brenda's got a baby and that was based on a true story. So I'm not gonna sit here and act holyhead now, but this is exactly why women should be able to have abortions if they want one.


Okay? Texas has some of the strictest abortion laws in the country. Abortion is completely banned except for limited circumstances. So this 21-year-old girl has to carry the term. She reaches out to a family connection asking if they know any families looking to adopt. Imagine looking for a plug for adoption. That's what she did. She was looking for a plug for adoption. She Huh? An adoption booster. Exactly. And she didn't even go about the process of doing the adoption, right? So she ended up putting her baby on Facebook. Marketplace. You can buy furniture, home decor, rugs, and newborn babies all on Facebook marketplace. Now, I asked Lauren Osa earlier if there was any newborn babies on Facebook marketplace. I just asked you to look. Yeah, don don't know. Maybe this is normal and we don't know about it.


I ain't see nothing. I also checked Sheen. Okay, for a baby, baby, come get this baby. I checked Tmu for baby daddy. I ain't see none of them available. Okay? Okay. Now, what's interesting to me about this situation is Juniper posted in a Facebook group aimed at connecting birth mothers with prospective adoptive parents. So You know she indicated that she was located in Houston, but willing to travel if an arrangement could be made. This poor girl really thought that. This is how this works. Okay? I just get in a Facebook group with mothers looking to be adoptive parents. And I sell this seven pound, four ounce bundle of joy to the highest bidder. She was literally at the hospital waiting for the highest bid. You had to pay extra for the placenta, but she would sell you the newborn below market rate.


Now, authorities were notified after social media users raised concerns about the legitimacy of the adoption. I've never claimed to be the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but unless something has changed drastically in The World, no adoption's happen on Facebook. You just heard Lauren say you can't go on Facebook Marketplace, okay? To buy a baby. They don't have no babies for sale, and you don't get paid for adopting a child. And it's illegal to receive payment for putting a child up for adoption. So there's nothing left to see here. Folks, please give Juniper, Juniper, Bryson of Houston, Texas the biggest hee-haw. Now just You know, hypothetically, if you were to buy a newborn, where would you want it from?


Timus or Sheen? Hmm. I'd probably go Sheen. Sheen, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I feel like I know more people who've ordered off a sheen, so my baby will be legit. Yeah. Yeah. And then You know with Timus, if they show you the picture of the baby, the baby ain't gonna look the way it look. Mm. When you Get it. Yeah. I feel like Sheen, you can like You know how you wait until you post photos of your baby till all the like it the all the, the features and all that coming. How they be waiting with Sheen. I think they would show you all that. Like you would get the before, the after. You get to know who the dad is, all that. Yeah. You Don't want the little tmu face, baby Little Timo face, baby Envy. Where are you ordering from? Forever. Forever. What? 21. Where you get your wigs from? That's how I get 'em from. Oh, it's from Anitra. Savage Artistry, You know custom unit.


Custom made unit. Don't never order a baby from there. That's store. I'm glad you shout them all the way out. Hey, don't ever order a baby from there, okay? No, she don't make babies. She make beautiful units. Jesus. Busy I. don know. That's right. The girls from Delaware get busy with the hands. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and OLED TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors and contrast Popping day of night with GLA free Oles and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience be vary according to types of content and format.


Did You know there's no Tom at TOMS? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with TOMS. From chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr. Gods slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meanings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now at TOMS dot com.