
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wanna keep your personal number private, but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam Line two is an easy way to manage it all. Ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank. Call, text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two in any app store today. Line two, your second line simplified.


You better be a Charlamagne. I'm DONKEY today. Just out Themselves have been watching Char Man was ready for you. DONKEY. DONKEY. I never heard on DONKEY other day. What is it? DONKEY? Say it again. Charlem man. I'm a DONKEY. Yes, you're a DONKEY Don. Everything and Charlamagne is saying is true. DONKEY today for Tuesday, April 29th goes to Lare Battle. Lare Battle is a 52-year-old Bay County Florida woman. What does your Uncle Shawla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. Salute to everybody who listens to us On 1 0 4 5, the beating Orlando, dropping a cruise bomb for Orlando.


I was in a, I was in Orlando majority of the weekend, just got back yesterday. I was in a, of course Atlanta Friday and Saturday during the day. But I was in Orlando, Orlando for my daughter's chili competition. And I, I figured out what makes Florida crazy. It's the heat. Okay? There is studies that show how excessive heat impacts your mental health. Okay? By the way, we in the black community have always known this, but over the years with climate change, global warming, The World has gotten hotter. Therefore places like Florida have gotten hotter. So people have gotten crazier. I'm not debating with you about this, it's science. Okay? Studies suggests that heat can have a significant impact on mental health, potentially leading to increased irritability, anxiety, and even aggression.


High temperatures can disrupt sleep, impact cognition and affect mood, potentially exasperating, preexisting mental health conditions. So yes, people in Florida are crazy because it's hot. Global warming has made people e even crazier. Okay, that's all I got. But one thing about people in Florida, they are creative, very, very creative. They do things that make you say, wow, that's a unique crime. Okay, I've never seen that before. And that's the case with La Trans Battle. See, LA Trans Battle was upset that her ex-boyfriend had a new wife. Now I could play a game of guess what Race is, but I need to tell you what race they are for proper context.


La Trance Battle is a black woman as far as I can tell. And her ex-boyfriend's wife is clearly a foreigner based off the facts of this situation. Based off the fact is Florida and based off what La Trance did to her, I can only assume she's some type of Latino. Now, if you are a black woman, okay, and you're in Florida and your ex-boyfriend's wife was Latino in 2025 and you wanted to get her out of the picture, what would you do? Oh boy. Whoa. Oh boy. Let's go to, let's go to News four News for the report please. Investigators Say a woman posed as an immigration officer to pull off a deer in kidnapping.


They also claim La Trance Battle had a police type radio and a business card to persuade another woman. She was an ice officer. According to the Bay County Sheriff's Office, the victim eventually escaped how battle faces kidnapping and other charges. 10 10 for creativity. Round of applause. Okay? Right. She clearly committed to the role. She had a costume, a t-shirt that said ice on the front. She had props. She had some type of little walkie talkie that looked like a radio. She clearly had the language because she was able to convince the woman to come with her. She was able to convince the woman that she was indeed a nice agent and you needed to come with me. Now, where she went wrong was she clearly didn't plan all the way to the end because this feels very Wiley Coyote Roadrunner issue.


She didn't think about what she was going to actually do if she caught her. I feel like she didn't have a plan after kidnapping her unless she was gonna take her to this, you know, apartment complex to kill her. But I'm gonna tell you how dangerous this was for her ex-boyfriend's wife. Do you know how many Latinos are afraid to have any interactions with law enforcement because they believe it's gonna lead to them having to deal with ice and possibly being, possibly be deported. This woman believed Lat Trans was an ice agent because she is currently in the process of becoming a legal US resident. Lat Trans had to know that too. And that's how she knew she could get this off. That could have ended up really bad for her ex-boyfriend's wife. But hell, maybe that's what La Trance wanted.


I don't know. All I know is I have to give La trance an E for effort And I have to give her a D for DONKEY. And you know what else rhymes with d He as in haw. And that's exactly what I want you to give La trance battle right now. We live in a cruel, cold, hilarious world. Y'all wanna play a game? We know the race. Let Little Red Riri let him. Don't you know he don't listen? Sure, sure. Envy. You wanna play a game? Nope. I don't wanna play a Game with you. Oh, okay. Alright. I'm Sorry, but they say I don't listen, I didn't listen. I just turned the mic back on. I'm, I'm broadcasting live.


I didn't listen right. What you call envy Jesus, little red Riri. I caught the end of it. I Caught little red Riri. I caught the end of it. You caught the tip. Pause. You know what, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. What's the craziest or pettiest thing you did to your ex to mess up their new relationship? Because Lord, you was looking real happy when I said that. Mm. Emini here. If you gonna do something petty, that's a good one. That is a good one. You know what I'm saying? You gonna do it. If you gonna go big, go Big. When they step outside the lane Emini here, just do what you need to do to figure the things out. You know? Is there anything that you can tell us that won't get you in trouble? No Word. I've never done anything if, if I walked away.


You you don't, you don't lie. Well, I I I've never done anything to ruin an ex's relationship. If you are in a full relationship after me And I moved on, I'm leaving you. I'm letting you go be with your type. What About, what about if your ex upgraded? It never happens. No. Your new ex did Emini here. Your old ex did. I showed you that picture and you would, you would dang lie I sent you that picture Of the white woman. Everything is giving Motel six and, and, and everything over here is is the Four Seasons Ritz Carlson. Don't play with me. Talk That talk. 800. I'm not 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the craziest or pettiest thing you did to your ex to mess up their new relationship? That is the question. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Ugh. Spam calls. Sound familiar? Introducing line two, get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts, appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom, blocked. No more interruptions, no more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.


Yoki Batan, are you ready? Is your boy boom behind? And I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories, plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go, let's go. Let's go, go, go.


It's nostalgia overload. As Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast. Do Amigos Wilbur's Friend and former, that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah, But it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen to Do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and my latest interview is with Michelle Obama. To whom much is given, much is expected. The guilt comes from, am I doing enough? Me, Michelle Obama to say that to a therapist? So let's unpack that. Having been the first lady of the entire country and representing the country in The World, I couldn't afford to have that kind of disdain. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.