
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's Up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bowls.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z, Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


I DONKEY Say it against y'all, man. I'm A DONKEY. Yes, You are a DONKEY. Show you how DONKEY Everything and Charlamagne is saying truth. Okay, DONKEY. Today for Monday, October 7th goes to an Idaho man named Hoyt Webb. Okay, Hoyt Webb is 36 years old and he's gonna spend the next 36 months in jail because he pled guilty. The second degree assault. That's a little over three years in jail after making a plea deal because he live screamed himself shooting a homeless man in downtown Spokane, Washington. Three years in jail after making a plea deal because he live screamed himself shooting a homeless man.


Guess what, racist. Let's go to four news now. News for the report, please. This photo is from the live stream showing Webb armed with a gun strapped to his chest. Webb claims in a police interview. When he arrived to the area, he got out of his car and said he saw a man with a machete. Instead of leaving the area, Webb went back to his car and grabbed his gun. He's harmless man. Josh is a friend of the victim's Shaw. On Friday, police say two bullets discharged from Hoyt Webb's gun, one hitting Josh's friend armed with an almost empty cup of ice coffee. That's disgusting. According to court documents, Webb confessed to yelling at people and calling them names, which led to an argument between Webb and several individuals by me.


Shortly after that conflict erupted around the blocked Appears that you specifically went to this particular location for your own entertainment. Webb has a YouTube channel named Ney County Press, where he goes into public places and confronts people initiating arguments, and that's what he did on Friday. He claims to have been documenting the Spokane homeless crisis. For the record, all the homeless man had in his hand was some iced coffee, by the way. But the demonization of the poor will never stop. Hoyt, you walking around complaining about the homeless. Imagine how they feel. You complaining about the homeless and they are complaining about being homeless. It's not the same. Also, this is what I don't understand about people like Hoyt Webb If, you see a problem?


Why make that problem more of a problem? You don't solve a problem by creating more problems. If you're not trying to be a part of the solution, then get out the way. Some folks act like these people chose to be homeless. You think these people want to be in the circumstances they're in? No. So why go out there with your camera, live streaming folks, shaming them for a condition they don't want to be in, and then you shoot one and all you get is three years Now, Hoyt's brother, okay? His name is Kessler. He said that he feels the three years wasn't enough time drop on the clues bombs for him. Okay? Duh. All right. He told the local Fox and my network TV affiliate that I don't, I I still don't believe what he got was fair. That's a brother who's fed up.


That's a brother who's been watching his brother get away with foolishness their whole life, and he wants his brother to finally have to deal with the consequences of his actions. His brother told Hoyt, you're evil. Okay? You went out seeking your 15 minutes of fame. Now you're getting more than your 15 minutes of fame. Yes, that is true. He's getting a little over three years. And I agree. That's not enough time. You almost killed a man because You know you almost killed a man. You, you called this man to lose a kidney. He lost half his bowels. He suffered damage to a coronary artery. Why? For no other reason than you hate the poor. Okay? I don't understand demonizing people because they are in circumstances that they can't control. There's just too many You know complex causes of homelessness. All right? People can be mentally ill, they can be addicted, they can be running from abusive relationships.


Some people can't find work. Hell, there's a lack of affordable housing options in this country. So when you demonize the homeless, you just oversimplify how this person ended up being homeless to begin with. What happened to the golden rule doing the others as you would have them doing to you come up with some compassionate solutions to help. How about just basic human dignity? Okay? Understand that every person, regardless of their living situation, deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. Don't dehumanize them. And please, Hoyt, understand homelessness can happen to anyone. Okay? I don't know what your financial situation is, but three years away from society not working, that's a big setback. It's possible you might come home to nothing.


You might come home and not have a place to say, okay, jail, I'm sure was an unforeseen circumstance. That's how a lot of homelessness happens as a result of unforeseen circumstances, okay? Like I said earlier, a job loss. You might have a medical emergency, family breakdown, and oh, going to jail. All right? Going to prison. Now, Hoyt, since you in prison, the only position you need to worry about being in is downward dog. Okay? But once again, Hoyt, this could be you. And when you demonize the homeless, the way you demonize the homeless, you ignore the reality that you yourself are only a few setbacks away from being in a similar position. Please give Hoyt Webb the biggest. He haw.


All right. That's disgusting. All right, well, thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, indeed.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast,


Club. Hey everybody. The time has finally come this week, starting October 7th through October 11th. That's Monday through Friday, everybody. We are revealing the iconic 400. Yes, Bowen Yang And I famously missed our 400th episode here on Lost Culture East Us. But we are ready to reveal the Iconic 400. Who is on the list? Does it matter? No. Will it be fun? Yeah, there might even be a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Listen to Lost Culture Us on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Happening now on the iHeart app, we're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You, know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect Your mental space? Number one rule, don't read. The comments Been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview.


Now,


Dene Cara Galacia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


My name is Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor, and I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex, and the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.