
Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just This overall sense of community. The values that You know Minnesotans Have. It's a real, accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At Explore minnesota.com/live,


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. FitCrunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein, and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today. That's fitcrunch.com. Promo code radio 15.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, say Yes to brunch with the girls. Say yes to new dog poop bags that are kind of the cute ones. You can also send money to friends with PayPal, which means going halvesies when your best friend visits the summer. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Are you looking to build this year? If so, there is no better time than right now to start planning and to get your spot on the construction schedule. If, you need a garage, a stall barn, a storage for vehicles, RV boat collectibles, or even a, a shop for your farm hobbies or car restoration projects. Visit morton buildings.com and start your construction process with superior materials craftsmanship. Best in class warranty. Morton Buildings are made to last for generations at Morton. The difference is in the details from their cutting edge innovations to their craftsmen in the field. They're dedicated to surpassing expectations. Their legacy of excellence spans more than 120 years. And Morton Buildings is 100% employee owned with more than a quarter million satisfied customers. That means they're the industry leader you can trust. When you choose Morton, you'll experience quality at every step of the building process starting before the walls even go up. Visit morton buildings.com to get started Today.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. America is a big reality TV show On The. Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or The white president have a problem figuring out when you're Premier Trump And you ain't black? It's enough. America has a problem. When did Trump say that you rather had a white president of a black president? I ain't never heard that one. Hear that? Yeah, that was no. Have Mercy DONKEY. Today for Thursday, August 1st goes to Fox News host Jesse Waters. Now Jesse was on Fox News and he was discussing the white dudes for Harris fundraising call, which attracted nearly 200,000 participants and raised almost $4 million for Vice President Kamala Harris's presidential bid.


Now, there've been a lot of calls for the vice president raising money. 44,000 black women came together and raised $1.6 million. 53,000 black men came together and raised $1.3 million. 200,000 white women had a call and raised $2 million. But I guess that's expected, right? The vice president is half black, half Indian women of color. So black women, black men, white women, I guess it's expected of them to show up, but when white men get together, oh, Fox News is like, hold on now. This is getting serious. Let's find a way to shame these individuals. Let's find a way to target them, demonize them if we can. Okay? They can't possibly be supporting Vice President Kamala Harris if they are of sound mind and good character, right? Huh?


Now I'm not gonna lie, this is my favorite part of campaign season. Okay? I like to see what each side is gonna say about the other. Somebody like You know former president. Donald Trump makes it easy. He's given people more than enough ammo, so much ammo that oftentimes I wish the media would stop talking about how terrible he is and focus on the good You. know the other side is done, okay? And, and, and the good the other side wants to do, but that's only on the left. All right? The right wing media is gonna attack the vice president. That's their job, okay? The right wing media is also gonna attack supporters of the vice president. That's their job. And that's exactly what Jesse Waters did. See, Jesse Waters has a problem with men who vote Democrat, and he has a problem with men who vote for women. Would you like to hear what he said?


Let's go to Jesse Waters Prime time for the report, please. Now, I don't see why any man would vote Democrat. It's not the party of virtue security. It's not the party of strength. It's definitely not the party of family and what to be a a man and then vote for a woman just because she's a woman is either childish, that person has mommy issues, or they're just trying to be accepted by other women. And I heard the scientists say the other day that when a man votes for a woman, he actually transitions into a woman. Oh, is that right? Yeah. That's what the science says. Yeah, the Scientist. That's Science. Now see, this is why people call y'all weird. What? Okay. I don't think it's weird. I think it's hilarious. All right. Now, I do agree with Jesse.


Men, we really do a lot of things to impress women. So when he says, men may be voting for women to be accepted by other women, so, okay, that's not the only reason. But if it's one of the reasons and men have been doing things You know if it's one of the the reasons, that's fine. 'cause men have been doing things to be accepted by women since the beginning of time. Okay? You think I wear cologne for the homies? Yes. You wish I was wearing Kamala for men right now? So you can come sniff on Nip? Mm. What Jesse? I'm gonna be honest with you. This little red You know, it doesn't sound just sexist and misogynistic. It sounds kind of gay. All right? You upset that men may be doing things to please women. I'm not supporting Vice President Harris just because she's a woman or because of what You know any woman thinks.


I don't know anyone that is supporting her because just because she's a woman or they care what women think. But the fact you believe that there's something wrong with men wanting to do things to impress women, gay, okay? If us voting for a woman is causing us to transition into women, what does it make? A man who is so distraught about men voting for women and doing things to impress women? Okay. What you want them to do? Things to impress you, Jesse. Okay. Jesse said the only two reasons for a man to vote for a woman is either you have mommy issues or you just want to be accepted by women. This sounds like something, a man that's never gotten any PPO in his life, which say, okay, Jesse, you also helped me figure out something about myself.


Since about 2016, people have told me that I am transitioning in full disclosure, I did vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016. Did you envy? Yes. Okay. I don't think that's a secret anyone. She was here on The, Breakfast Club a couple times and I'm, I'm sure that we said that. But I was wondering what was happening with me, and now I know. Okay, call me Charlene, the goddess. All right. 'cause I voted for Hillary in 2016. Hell, the reason I voted for the Biden ticket in 2020 was because of now Vice President Kamala Harris. So I might need to start tucking. Alright? Now, I did some research and by research, I mean chat. GPTI asked Chad, GPT how to know when you are transitioning gender and it says gender dys. Gender dysphoria. Okay? That's where you just start to feel like you shouldn't be in your body.


You have a social transition where you start using a new name, different pronouns. You start presenting yourself in ways that align more closely with your gender identity. People start seeking support from other LGBT communities. Yeah, there's a few things here, but there's nothing here about voting causing, transitioning, okay? That's the moral of the story. Also, who are these scientists you speak of? Jesse? Who are these scientists that told you that? If, you vote for a woman, you start transitioning into one. Was it Pinky or the brain? Okay. Was it Professor John Frank, the mad scientist off The Simpsons? Who told you that? If, you vote for a woman, then you transition into one. Huh? Listen, here's the moral of the story. I'm not telling you who to vote for.


Make your own decisions, but I will tell you don't vote for anyone just because of their identity. Okay? Vote for people because of their policies. Vote for people because of their agenda. Vote for people because of what they have done and what they plan to do. I vote for issues, not individuals. And when I go to the ballot box in November, after I cast my vote, the only thing I will be identifying as is a voter. Please give, give. Jesse Waters the biggest he hub. What's wrong? You over there pondering you feeling like a little lady? A little Bit. I been wondering why you feeling like a little lady lately? Yeah. Makes sense now. Little ginger dysphoria going on.


Crazy. You voting for Hillary? You don't feel like you belong in the skin you're in, huh? Just ask some questions here. I did do Pilates last week. Okay? Alright. Alright bro, you look crazy. I don't have time for this. Thank you for that. I'm just talking about what Jesse say out. I do want to talk to these scientists though. Who are these scientists? There Ain't no damn Scientists. I'd love to have a conversation with them. Maybe he did talk to somebody. I ain't talk to nobody. I'm always down to hear both sides. Yeah. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com.


That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club, State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities.


Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, of the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live zen nicotine pouches deliver nicotine satisfaction anywhere, anytime, which means Zen pairs well with you, your personality, your schedule, and your spontaneity.


Zen fits easily into your bag pocket and into your life because it's smoke-free hands-free and free. So the only person who will know you have a Zi pouch in is you. Visit zen.com or head to your local convenience store today to find your Zen warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com.


Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today. Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Are you looking to build this year? If so, there is no better time than right now to start planning and to get your spot on the construction schedule. If, you need a garage, a stall barn, a storage for vehicles, RV boat collectibles, or even a a shop for your farm hobbies or car restoration projects. Visit morton buildings.com and start your construction process with superior materials craftsmanship. Best in class warranty. Morton Buildings are made to last for generations at Morton. The difference is in the details from their cutting edge innovations to their craftsmen in the field, they're dedicated to surpassing expectations.


Their legacy of excellence spans more than 120 years. And Morton Buildings is 100% employee owned with more than a quarter million satisfied customers. That means they're the industry leader you can trust. When you choose Morton, you'll experience quality at every step of the building process, starting before the walls even go up. Visit morton buildings.com to get started today. A.