
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the back May 16th on Paramount Plus this season the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th only on the Paramount plus with Showtime plan.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Okay, have you heard about this last year? The green change, the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


I just wanted to know how you came up with the DONKEY because you're me. I'm not what I don bunch of DONKEY out. That is why Charlamagne is here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say it. Give it to on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne to God, a DONKEY ain't. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY today To who now? Well, Buster Rhymes DONKEY today for Tuesday, May 13th goes the Summer From Baddies Africa. Respectfully, I have never heard of this woman or this show in my life.


I asked Jess Hilarious this morning. What is Baddies Africa? And Jess explained it to me. What did you say? No I did not. Yes you did. Baddies is just baddies. They just over there in Africa. They took the shenanigans over there and still fighting over dumb stuff. All them bitches. Same Bitches. So So it's no Africans? No, ain't no Africans on the Show. Oh, they just doing it in Africa? Yes. Oh, okay. What? And it's on Zeus. Yes. You know all the answers to all the questions you asking. Okay. Well 'cause that's 'cause I asked you earlier. Now I still don't know what's going on, but I saw that a young woman on the show named Summer issued an apology for something she said on the show. And I just thought it would be a great moment to teach. Okay, let me read the headline. Summer issues an apology for recent controversial Emmett Till Comets.


Let's listen to the Comets. You gonna always miss Bitch, you wish you could be like me. That was like Emmett Till Damn. Oh Summer. You didn't learn from Lil Wayne. Maybe you too young to remember. But Lil Wayne back in 2013, he had a line where he said beat that PPO up like Emmett Till and people got pissed. Rightfully soak. If you don't know who Emmett Till is, I would encourage you to watch the movie Till which came out in 2022. Simple and Plain, Emmett Till was murdered in 1955 for allegedly flirting with a white woman. Her name was Carolyn Bryant Dunham. She accused till of whistling at her and making unwanted advances and claim till grabbed her and made lewd comments. Later she reportedly admitted that claims were false.


Okay, A lie. Look, summer, I don't know you, I respect your apology. 'cause she did apologize already. And in her apology she said, did I, what did she say? She said she's committed to learning and growing. She said a whole lot of other stuff, but I really wanna hone in on that part. She said she's committed to learning and growing from this experience. That's all we could ask of people. And I know some folks don't feel like they should have to teach people about certain things, And I disagree because everyone doesn't know. So I'm gonna give you three reasons people should never make jokes about the Emmett Till situation. Okay? Number one, it's the symbol of racial terror and injustice. It was a brutal act of white supremacy that helped ignite the civil rights movement. We wouldn't enjoy the freedoms we have now without that movement Summer.


So when you joke about a situation like that, you trivialize the pain and trauma inflicted on us black Americans. Number two, it disrespects the family and legacy of Mamie Till, okay? Mamie Till had an open casket funeral that showed The World what racism and white supremacy had done to her son. When you make fun of how he looked, you know, you make light of the gravity of her choice. Once again, that choice sparked the civil rights movement, which enables us to enjoy certain freedoms and liberties. Number three, it fuels desensitization. We already desensitized enough, we can't joke about extreme suffering because when we do that, it normalizes violence and makes people not have empathy.


When you laugh at atrocities like Emmett Till, then it becomes easier to ignore them and repeat them. Black pain and trauma is not a joke. Okay? Those are my three reasons. Now, I don't know if this is true or not, just you can tell me, but on the internet they say someone don't wash her ass. That's what they saying up and down the comment she dirty. What you mean? They say she don't wash her ass. They say she don't babe or shower. I don't watch the show. So I don't know. I don know. Okay, I, that's what said. Have you ever seen that on the show? No. I never seen nobody not bathe. I don't watch the show. My little sister does. I don't believe you. Okay, I saw a post on social media. Okay? Me or Jess don't watch the show allegedly. So I don't know if this is true on whether or not you bathe or not.


Summer. All I know is you can't be dirty physically and mentally. Okay? You got to pick a struggle. So if you don't wash your ass, in the words of a great black philosopher, d gla, you gotta get yourself together and at least go give your brain a bath. Okay? Go to church, start listening and get on the right path. Summer Emmett Till was 14 years old when he was murdered over a lie. We can't be so morally bankrupt as a people that we on reality TV making jokes about Emmett Till because folks already think women on reality TV shows like the one you are on are morally bankrupt. So don't prove them right. Please give Summer From Baddies Africa, the biggest sea hall.


Crazy. All right? You can't make, as soon as don't walk in the room, someone don't take a bath. I'm like, Walker. I heard him say that too. And I thought he was talking about Summer. No, that was the second time after I already asked you. I said, who is Summer From Baddies Africa? And you went in, you was like, oh my God, that show is nobody on that show is actually African. They auditioned a bunch of people from Africa but didn't choose one of them. Oh, absolutely, Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All came from my little sister who watches the show. I watched Justin's cabaret. I do not watch Betty's. Hmm? You was on that one. I watching you was on the show Too, right? I was doing You was on Betty's Jo's. That's why you got your hair like that Jesus Curse. No Dummies. I was on Jocelyn's Cabaret. Oh, okay, Okay.


I I hosted the reunion. Oh, okay. I I used to watch Betty's when Haw was on there, And I watched a little bit when TKI came, but then I, I just stopped Tiki. That's Shaw's sister. Okay. But they, it is, no, they fight for no reason. Like, it, it is no reason, no nothing. Like everybody just run around screaming, fighting where you Watch it. That's the reason why. And what was the context of that clip? Did they had, did somebody get beat up? Is that why she said that? Oh, they was fighting. They were Fighting. They was fighting. Oh. Oh, okay. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, indeed. Now this next topic is really intriguing to Charlamagne. Hmm. He heard it was a TikTok trend and he was very intrigued From Lex p and Dre. They was up here from the Poor Mines podcast and you know, they got the new show on BET Travel Queens.


And Lex said something that I had never heard before, but a apparently it's a trend on TikTok. Do we have the clip? You know, they say they like bad weed. They do White people. The white, they love A crunchy, maybe She white, she not dating in the right crunch. Love a crunch stale wig. They have that same hard wig, soft life. Char. I got, we gonna have to open up the phone at some point because I don't believe that. I've never heard the white men like stiff wig. They they do. If You think you said stiff wig, hard life. A Hardwig life, Soft life. Who told you this?


I'm serious. If you go look on TikTok right now and type hard wig soft life, you gonna see nothing but interracial couples, White men. Okay. All the white allies that listen to The Breakfast Club. Okay. I need to know if this is true. Do y'all like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs? It's hard wigs, soft life a thing That can't be, or You just botched on TikTok making up stuff? I can smell That right now. Like, it just, That's crazy. You can smell what? And I had little, little she of white men And I, I ain't, they ain't never told me they wanted No, no little bad wig. Were you wearing wigs back then? Yeah, I was wearing wigs. Was it crunchy? Little bit, but I did have some good ones too. Okay. Like I didn't, I wasn't just weighing them for them. So There might be something to it then.


It might be. But what is the Question we're asking here this Morning? Just, I just asking white men. Do you like crunchy, crunchy wigs? Do stiff, stale wigs? It depends on the white man though, because I was dating like the Channing Tatum, like the, the Channing Tatum East. But if it's like a, a white Wall Street guy. Mm, I know. They probably, they look, they like the look at the black woman look like she's struggling. Mm. So he can take care of her? Mm. Yeah. Okay. Well let's answer 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Reach out and touch us right now. White men. Okay. We wanna hear from you. I do Not wanna be reached out and touched by no white man. What are you talking about? Do you like crunchy, stiff, stale wigs? You get one long braid. You got one long braid. Now you don't wanna be touched by white men. Okay, Dr. Omar.


Okay. Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 white man out there. Do you like crunchy wigs? Okay. The tallest hard wigs. Soft life. Is that a thing? It's educated Show this morning. Right? That's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I cannot believe you.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animal's toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist. We meet when it's convenient for me And I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband And I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was keeping up by drill cur till when we stepped beyond the edge of what we know. I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. In return, it's a miracle I was brought back alive again. A podcast about the strength of the human spirit. Listen to a live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve.


Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.