
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


What's up is Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer, Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes, you heard me right SSA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters This Friday rated art, get your tickets now.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bolds personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


There's a bunch of donkeys out here in the street. If we live a life where we light our tongue based off who we may offend, we never would say anything I don today. That is why Charlamagne was a Charlamagne guy. She's a DONKEY mother. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY the day. The who now? Busta Rhymes DONKEY of the day for Monday, January 13th goes to a 20-year-old Pennsylvania man named Evan Gabrielle Houseman. Evan is facing a bunch of charges including assault, strangulation, terroristic threats, resisting arrest and criminal mischief and harassment according to online court records.


Who did Evan attack and why would you like to know? Well, police were dispatched to a home because Evan's father called 9 1 1 and said his son. Mm. Assaulted his wife, meaning his mother. What kind of sucker ass father does Evan have? If I'm calling the police after my son attack my wife, it's because I done hurt my son. Right? You a 20-year-old grown man, I gotta whoop your ass for one. Putting hands on my wife too for you putting hands on your mother. What type of human are you? Okay, I'm gonna do you bad like I don't know. You then call the police on you And I so they can come pick us both up you for what you did to your mama and me because of what I did to you. Now, according to dispatches, they could hear the sounds of a struggle in the background of the call and Evan was yelling, shoot me.


Now Evan's mother said the argument started the previous night because Evan said he wanted money transferred to him so he could go buy some weed. Yes, marijuana, pot, grass, ganja. He wanted his mama to transfer money to him so he could go buy some and when she said no, the argument escalated. Evan threatened suicide, said he was gonna overdose on pills. Okay? If he didn't get that money, he acting like he broke up with his mother. That's how I acted when my lady broke up with me in 2001. Sometimes you gotta fake kill yourself to get your girl back. It happens, but this is not his girl, it's his mother. Okay? Acting like this over some damn weed. So the next morning she told police that he grabbed her head, pushed her toward the floor and then put her in a headlock.


Okay? His mother? Yes. Jesus. She said that her son told her that if she did not hand over his medication, he was gonna apply pressure to her neck before he released her and took his medication into his room. Jess, what would happen to your son if he tried? You like this? Excuse me. I wouldn't even, I can't even say it on air. I can't. That's how I know parents be capping when they say I bought you into this world so I can take you out. Okay? Mothers be in situations like this and all they can think about is how they bought this child into The World because a stranger, they would've attempted to take a stranger out a long time ago. But wait, it gets worse. Okay? Daddy got involved. Daddy and his son began arguing. So Evan, big grown ass, 20-year-old, threw a TV and a Xbox down a flight of stairs, breaking both of them and damaging a wall.


So when his father went down the steps to check the damage, guess what his son did? Boy pushed him down the stairs. White. I'm sorry. Not that, not yet. We're not there yet. Pushed him down the stairs. Okay. Pushed him to the ground. He hit his head on the garage door talking about the father. His father then went outside to distance himself from his son running basically. Okay. While his wife called 9 1 1. What kind of punk ass pops did Evan have? My daddy, my father going outside to get distance after I threw down a tv. After I threw a TV down a flight of stairs, then pushed him down a flight of stairs. She Don't nobody in that house don't no gun, You know what I'm saying? What's Wrong with Y'all? Right? Then the son followed his daddy outside, pushed his daddy to the ground again and put him in a headlock and told his father he was going to kill him and take them both out.


Damn. Then he let his father up and started to beat his father's car with a stick. So started doing damage to his father's car with a stick. Lemme tell you something. Not the caddy, And I don't know what kind of car I was, but I don't beat my kids. But I got all girls And I come from the era of extreme ass whippings from my parents. This 20-year-old needed an ass whipping straight from the 19 hundreds. Not to mention you 20. At that point you a grown ass adult. Okay? So whatever goes, goes. Now, when cops came, they ordered the suspect to put his hands behind his back. He said no. Then he started to walk toward one of the victims again 'cause he wanted more smoke. Okay? His victims being his parents officers had to use a taser on him before they put him in custody and while in custody he kicked officers several times and he was sent to a hospital to be mentally evaluated.


Okay, let's play a game. I'm ready for this one. You wanna play a game? Yes. Let's play a game of guess what races. All right. Evan Houseman of Pennsylvania facing a whole bunch of charges. 'cause he beat up his parents. All right. Basically beat up his parents, mom and dad. Then when the cops came they had to tase him. He put hands on them too. But he lived to tell the tail DJ envy. Guess What? Race? White, white, white, white, white, white, white. Why? Okay, okay. Okay. White. Just hilarious. Evan Houseman facing a whole bunch of charges 'cause he beat up his parents and when the police came he put hands on them too.


But he lived the tell to tail. Just hilarious. Guess What race Call Cassity with the audacity. Well, DJ Envy that hilarious. You both are correct. Evan Housemate is a Blue Eye demo. Hey wait, wait, wait. I knew It. I knew it. I knew it. You got the blue eye? I knew. I knew everything. That's straight out the Caucus Mountains. Wow. Come on man. If I did that to my parents, I wouldn't be here right now. Hey, what are we talking about? I wouldn't be here. This whole story reeks of whiteness. Damn peak whiteness. Okay, Capitol riot Whiteness There. There's no no way. There's no way I would be here right now. There's No, what's the story when you need 'em? You need a bullet in both of them feet. What you talking about? Sit your ass down, Lord have Mercy.


I don't care. Mm. Could you imagine? No. No. Could you? No. No. Like what? What? Please. Emini here. I ain't saying you had to shoot him to kill him, but nah. Injured. You need to. You need to, yeah, you need to sit your ass down putting your for a long time. Putting your hands on your mama is one thing. All right. But God dang, when the daddy let you get away with it too. He Beat the daddy up. Put the dude in the, he a TV down like he thought he was precious mother. Like he threw a tv. No black parent. No black family. Yeah. I don understand what He not even in shape. He a little fat portly Caucasian. What about you? Red Ain't like, it's Logan beating up Envy Puerto Rican Family that that one happened. He'd be limping now. My Mom would've whooped my ass too. Oh, your mother would've whoop jazz. Yeah, my mother, I wouldn't even thought of that.


She Got the Sean Clinton. Yeah. Yeah. Figured that. See we black and brown up here. Ain't no, ain't no damn way. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY Today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up. Irv in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk.


It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table.


At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want at service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the shadow.


Join me Danny Trails and step into the Flames of Fright, an enology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to Noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.