
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars, Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose Open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for Mo.


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number One rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview Now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


It's time for DONKEY of the, I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. Call DONKEY Of the day. And it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne, who got the DONKEY of today? Today, Well, just hilarious DONKEY of the day for Friday, October 4th goes to a young man named Brandon Dillard. Now Brandon Dillard is known as a top veneer specialist in Atlanta. SLU Salute everybody who listens to us in Atlanta, he has a practice called a-List. Smiles in Atlanta. I, I went to their Instagram page and they have 160,000 followers. They tout themselves as Atlanta's top veneer specialist and trainer.


They say you can DM three photos of your teeth for a free quote. You can call them at four oh four. I don't wanna give the number out. I might as well they bootleg or never my call us at, they can call him at (404) 254-3169. And they're open Monday through Friday, 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM Eastern. They have a picture of Brandon Dillard as the profile pick and If. you look on their page, you see a bunch of what looks like satisfied customers. Okay? They look like satisfied customers to me. They're flashing their now a-List. Smiles. He charges $5,500 for the veneer procedure. I saw specialists in trainer and his bio as well. So I went to look and see what type of training.


And what Brandon does is he holds training sessions for people across the country and he holds these training sessions to teach them how to do veneers. He charges more than $6,000 to teach you how to be a veneer specialist. Now you would look at that page and you would say to yourself, look, another black-owned business thriving in Atlanta. Young brother out here, making sure your breath don't stink by fixing your root canal, filling in your cavities. Gotta salute that. Right wrong. See, yesterday Brandon Dillard and a-List Smiles were rated by district attorney investigators and Atlanta Police. Why would they rate it? Let's go to W-S-B-T-V. Put a report please. Investigators rated what looks like a high-end dental practice in Northeast Atlanta.


Check out social media. You see the specialty of a-List smiles Atlanta veneers. It does look reputable. It does look professional. And that's part of the scam To his 157,000 Instagram followers. Brandon Dillard promoted himself as Atlanta's top veneer specialist and trainer, but he's not showing off that expensive smile in this booking photo on eight felony charges, including practicing dentistry and medicine without a license and theft by deception. Is Brandon Dillard a dentist? Brandon Dillard is not a dentist. He's never been a dentist. And as much as he may want to play one on Instagram, he is not one. Fulton County District attorney, Fannie Willis, tells me only licensed dentists can do this kind of work in Georgia.


If, you went to this and you thought it was a dental office and you looked at the equipment. It appears to be legitimate, but that's what the best fraudsters do, is they do everything they can to make themselves look legitimate. And in this case, the problem is the consequences are to one's health. Damn. It's somebody out there listening to us on 96 won the beat and they went the A-list smiles to get they teeth done. Lord have mercy. Brandon Dillard, hop up out that bed, turn my scam on. Took a look at these teeth and said, what's up? Listen, imagine you go to the dentist thinking you're in good hands thinking you're about to walk out with an a-list smile. But instead you get great value.


Ve this, all of y'all who went to a-list, smiles might as well say you got your teeth from Timo. Okay? Smiles by sheen is what you, what you should have called your practice, Brandon, okay? Fashion MOAs. All right, listen, you got your teeth installed by somebody who probably watched a couple of YouTube videos and thought to themselves, yeah, I can do this. Okay? Which is what I don't understand. If you're inspired to be a dentist and you spend all this time and energy into setting up a fake practice, getting in office, getting all the equipment you need to be a dentist, then why the hell didn't you just take your ass to school to be a dentist? I wanna play a guess a a game of guess what race it is. But what's the point? We all know this is niggas nigga.


All right? Listen, just because you can fix your own car doesn't mean you are a licensed mechanic who can start their own mechanic shop. By the way, salute to all the people in rural America who aren't licensed mechanics, but now, but know how to change an alternator. Okay? Drop on a clues bomb for those individuals. Alright? You are appreciated. But working on my car and working on my mouth are two completely different things. The same way you can't play boxing the same way. You can't play with standup comedy. That's how I feel about playing, playing like a dentist. Okay? I, I feel like that playing like a dentist times a hundred, being a playing, being, playing, being a dentist is, is, is worse than all of that just because you have nice teeth. Just because You know how to floss and love to play in other people's mouths doesn't mean you are a licensed dentist.


Brandon Dillard, the biggest reason you should be ashamed of yourself is because of what I said previously. You spend all of this time, energy, and money into pretending reality as we know it is a thing of the past folks, okay? People would rather put the work in to pretend to be something they are not, as opposed to putting the work in to actually accomplish real goals in life. Now you got folks walking around Atlanta with counterfeit chos, okay? Phony, pearly whites, black market molars. And why? I bet he acted surprised when they raided the place too, okay? If I was to lay the police, I'd be like, Negro, knock it off. You know why we here? Brandon is now being charged with eight felonies, including practicing dentistry without a license, practicing medicine without a license.


And theft by deception turned my scam on my brothers, my sisters. There is no right way to do the wrong thing. And this young man had the opportunity and clearly God given skills to do the right thing. And he chose not to simply because he didn't want to do the work of going to school, which makes no sense to me because this level of scam in his hard work, the DA says, Brandon's business looked reputable. He said it does look professional, which is part of the scam. Da Fannie Willis said, If, you went to this and you thought it was a dental office and you looked at the equipment, it appears to be legitimate, but that's what the best frauds do. She said, she said they do everything they can to make themselves look legitimate.


And in this case, this is an illegitimate operation. Once again, I don't understand why a person would go through all of this just to create something that is a sham. Ya coulda went to school. You can't scam your way to true success. That's the moral of the story. You can't scam your way to, to true success. All right? There are no shortcuts to true excellence. There are no shortcuts to success. In fact, If, you take shortcuts, you get cut short. Please give Brandon Dillard the biggest haw, Hop up out the bed and turn my scam on. It is small. I'm gonna look at it and see how they look. Look, listen. Like Charlemagne said, it's very impressive that he was able to do all those damn veneers with no license, no, no classes, nothing too.


Like you could tell like, like If, you would've just put the energy to just going to school, getting his license and doing it. Let's stick You know like he did this without a license. Yeah, You know what's crazy. I always say that I feel like doctors, dentists, dermatologists, like they actually have a God given gift. I truly believe this. I believe that God anointed certain people to do those tasks. Yeah, but you still have to go to school and You know, get your license and everything else. So clearly he had the gift. He just didn't wanna put the work in to go to school to get his license. Which makes no sense to me because look at his practice. Yes, you got all this nice equipment, it looks good You. know what I'm saying? And it's You know what you're doing, just go to school. But The comments, the be people are saying they like him.


They like, they're saying they actually like the work that he's done. No, I'm looking at it right now. It looks really good. It's not, it's not the big cheap teeth, the embarrassing ones. Like Not, not the horse teeth. No, No, it looks good. I will say in the beginning people would be like, oh, I didn't have the money. But he was, he was booked. Everybody, he, he got people on his page. He does. But once again, we all know the, we all know the person in the hood. We all know the person in the rural area who knows how to that really get down, who knows how to change a alternator, who probably can You know, take your, take your engine out, all of that stuff. And he don't got no license. But that's a big difference. Play doing your car and doing your mouth is two totally different things. And I understand that You know this man, Brandon is only charging $5,500, but it's still illegal. Why wouldn't he just go to school?


Why he wake up in the morning talking about Hoppa that bad? Turn my scam on. Why And? I Wonder who his first client was? Like, who's the first person you tried? It was like, You know, let me try, do they to see if this worked because you need to sleep when You, yo, what the heck? That's scary. So who's his anesthesiologist? Is that person licensed correctly? I have no idea, but I ain't letting what he, yo what? I'm not letting you stick my my gums with no needle and you don't know how to, you ain't got no license. And then they they they was doing raffles. They had the raffle announcements. $25 per entry, a hundred dollars for sixth entry winner. Get a full set for $1,500. Lord have Mercy. Tee Kemp is on his page.


I don't know if he did Tee Kemp, but she was on here promoting his veneer collection. Mm. You think they'll let him do that in jail? Probably. Yo, you go to jail, talk about you playing and somebody might watch what happened to you. You gonna be welcome with open arms and open mouse. That's Crazy. Alright, well thank You for that DONKEY today, sir


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke as vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule, don't read the comments been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who won October 16th, 2017, was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman, WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Hey fam, I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe, And we're the hosts of the Brightside the podcast from Hello Sunshine that's guaranteed to light up your day. Check Out our recent episode with actor and Emmy winning producer Laverne Cox. I think you hit a certain age where it's just like it is so much energy trying to fake it and be somebody else that it's just so much easier to just be yourself. Listen to the Brightside from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.