
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars In the Stars app.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Don't here today, right there, The Breakfast Club bitches. You could Call me the DONKEY of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Yes. DONKEY of the day for Monday, March 3rd goes to a man named Brian Steiner. Brian is from Pennsylvania and he's a freaky ass human. 2020 vision. God. What do you mean? He's a 2020 Vision God. Uncle Charla. Well, apparently times are very hard in the slums of Delaware County, Pennsylvania because this man Ryan Steiner was offering free glasses an exchange for sexual acts. Yes, glasses. Face readers IPIs magnifying marbles. Okay, vision Vanquisher. This man was bartering optical for oral. I can't make this kind of stuff up.


Let's go to six A, b, c news for the report please. A Delaware County optician faces some serious charges. Police say he offered customers free eyeglasses in exchange for sex. Investigators say that 40-year-old Brian Steiner, who worked at Philly Vision Care in Crot solicited sex from his customers. They say in return he would give out free glasses and waive charges and copays. Steiner admitted to police he had received or performed sexual acts inside the business at least 30 different times. He wants asses for glasses. Now, I was born in 1,978, so I've heard of a lot of discounts in my day. Buy one, get one free percentage sales, early payment discounts, seasonal discounts, referral discounts. But what I've never heard of is the busted open for some buy focals discount.


You want to get Frankie for some frames. Brian, you supposed to have a vision care plan, not a perverted rewards program. This is predatory on so many levels because you have to know who this will work on. You have to know that there are people who can't afford glasses and the fact that you are preying on the financially challenged amongst us is what really makes me wanna see you buried under the jail. Okay? We are in an era where we should be attempting to help people if they aren't in the best position financially. But no, you out here taking advantage of people. And the irony of this situation is you work in an eyeglass door, your whole job is helping people see clearly, but you couldn't even see that this wouldn't end.


Well. Do you know how financially desperate you have to be to want to give up sex for specs and for Brian to know these people were desperate and take advantage of that desperation. I don't even believe in heaven the hell. But damnit, if there is a hell, please give this guy the hottest seat in the house. Okay? I have a rule and my rule is never trust people who will take advantage of others for their own benefit, especially when the person actually could use your kindness. Proverbs chapter 22, verses 22 and 23 says, don't take advantage of the poor just because you can I repeat. Don't take advantage of the poor just because you can self-explanatory.


Okay? If you believe in hell, Brian, you go into it. Okay? And I'm gonna tell you the sickest part of this story. After the patients agreed to do the sexual favors for the glasses, when he would give these visually impaired people the glasses, he would play this song. My My Knee Sick, sick. My, my knee sick, sick thick. Oh my God. Sick, sick world. Right? That's how I feel. Please let Remi ma give Brian Steiner the biggest heehaw. What? Laughing Haw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? You crazy? This is sick. That song with that story is crazy. That's what happened. I know, But it's just insane. I didn't make, that's what happened. I didn't make that up.


I'm just reading this news. What Mac? Why is Mac in here? Mac, why did you walk in? Didn't Say nothing about no food. I know, I just, Mac, what's the problem? I was back there talking to Eddie And I was just like, could you imagine the I test you cover one eye up. And he's like, read the, the first line and it's like, DI Fly. Bye. Get outta here. Bye. What's the second line? Say, see. Bye. You go right now. Leave. Exit. Exit stage left, please. Alright, stop. Stop. Could you go? Could you leave now? Thank you very much. The Longer the eye test, the longer the duration. Like how did this, this Is crazy. Y'all need to stop? Mm mm Mm Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY Today.


Yes, indeed. All right. Now, imagine the people that couldn't still see after they got the glasses, didn't know what was going on. Mm Mm Thank you again for DONKEY of the Day. Let's reset guys. Come on. Come on. Woo out. Woo. I'm fine. These immature people in here. Disgust. Moa. It's all you. Immature people. I'm perfectly okay.


Alright, DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravel the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Emle hosts of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls, and then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Chrome's on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions. What do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.