
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.


So you're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. If I'm been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna eat exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life for This. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day


he Gave me Dunky of the day And I deserve. The people need to know they need. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell, tell them. Tell tell. Made it. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, But you're so good at It. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty of the day today? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday December 18th goes to Robert Langle and Tanisha eBay. They are 33 and 32 years old respectively. And they was trying to duck the law. Okay? Just like you did last night. It's okay. Alright. Somebody out there listening to me right now ran from the police late last night, early this morning. It happens. I understand.


Alright. One of the best feelings in The World is running from police and getting away. Trust me, I know. I sold crack once. Okay? When the police come to rage your spot and you hit the woods and get away. What an exhilarating feeling. Now, you shouldn't be doing illegal things that will make the police come after you. I am not encouraging that. I'm just simply saying that when you are doing illegal things and the police come for you and you get away. Incredible. Now Robin and Tanisha don't know what that feels like. No. See, officers tried to execute a warrant on a property in Fall River, Massachusetts and Robin and Tanisha tried to get away, but it didn't work. Let's go to NBC 10. Boston for the report. Please. No, that's not Santa Claus. You're looking at police body camera video from Fall River. It shows a man there stuck in a chimney.


We're told officers executed a search warrant at a home on Canal Street last night. That's when 33-year-old Robert Lang Lace tried to evade arrests by hiding in a chimney. It didn't work. He got stuck. Police had to call in the fire department to get him out. Lang Lace is facing drug charges. See, this is what happens when you believe in Santa Claus every year. You all get mad at me for telling the truth. Hey, nope. Santa Claus is not real. Hey, okay, liar. But Santa Claus is not real. Santa Claus is not real. Santa cla Charla is Grinch. Grinch, gr gr. Turn your right there down if you got kids in the car, liar. Okay, number one, reindeers don't fly. Yes they do. Number two, you don't even own a chimney. Alright, number three. If you owned the chimney, why would Santa Claus be able to fit down it?


Have you seen Santa Claus? He's built exactly like former governor of New Jersey. Chris Christie. All right. There's no way. There's no way his big ass could fit down a chimney. But you humans have convinced yourselves that the story of Santa is real. It's, and being that you all think Santa is real, you think what Santa does is real And you thought your dumb ass could just slide down a chimney and end up wearing Exactly. Huh? And somebody's living room eating milk and cookies. Huh? Now Robin and Tanisha were both charged for possession of class A and B drugs. And I had to look that up. Okay. Class A drugs in Massachusetts are heroin, morphine, meth, ecstasy and ketamine. All right. Class B drugs. Who said mm somebody in his, that was you Nick. Nick said, mm damn Nick, Nick's ready for vacation.


Why should we doing drug test up here? My God. Class B drugs or cocaine? Crack. L, S, D and ecstasy. Okay, listen, none of this is surprising. In light of the circumstances, whoever made up the story of Santa Claus was high as hell. Okay? It's the only explanation. And the fact we created this one size fits all story that doesn't even make no damn sense, hasn't even really stood the test of time. If you think about it, we live in the era of Amazon, FedEx, UPS dropping packages off all types of day, all times of night. But all Santa got is a bag, one bag. Like he a hoe who just stayed over for the night and he got something for everybody in The World in just one bag dressed in all red.


So he don't go to Crip neighborhoods, huh? Not to mention nobody ever questions Who exactly are the elves? Hmm. I don't think they are elves at all. I think Santa Claus is engaging in child labor. Okay? If he's real, he got a bunch of kids at the North Pole treating 'em like slaves. Either that or they are desperate migrants from Mexico and Santa Claus is benefiting from cheap illegal labor. Now some of y'all out there are saying yourself Charlamagne is on the radio making up things about Santa Claus. If you feel that way, then you too are on class ar, class B drugs. I'm making up things about a made up thing. Yeah. The moral of the story is police described Robert's antics as Santa like. Well is the season, please give Robert Lang the sweet sounds in the Hamiltons. You are mm of the day you're the dog of the day And be so mad at you.


What? Because Santa Claus is real. Santa Claus is real. I don't know why you'd even say that. Santa is Real Bus busted your ass all year long to give a fat white man the credit for TA taking care of your family. I didn't say Santa was white. I just said Santa is real. Well either way. Giving another man credit. But That is crazy though. Santa is real. Exactly What type of man gives another man credit for taking care of his family? He Grew up Jehovah Witness. Oh my god. I did. I mean, oh my God. We did. Yeah. It's the whole community. We grew up dealing with reality. So yeah. So Santa is real and and so, and shelter all the Kids out there. The color of your Bed being good out there. So Santa, which is fresh by, that's right. Thank you so much. So, so Santa could get you toys and the elves are Santa watching you guys to make sure you guys are doing the right thing so you can get more toys from Santa.


So he has children, young children, Charlamagne. So I, okay. Who think y'all live in the civil witness? Who laugh At us? Who laugh at us? 'cause they're like, why are you trying to convince us that this entity is real? But Y'all kids, kids, kids are two different levels. Yo, your kids know more about civil rights and everything. Like he hasn't introduced that to them yet. So you gotta please She's just three. She's just three. She's Just three. Damn. All right. Jesus. I ain't, I ain't gonna lie. I don't know. The last time I seen a chimley, What is a chimley Was scratched out, stressed. When you, when you make up your little words, And I know it's because you got your list going on, but I I, it's always been chimley for me.


I'm sorry you got a fireplace? I have a fireplace, but I don't have a chimney. If you have a fireplace, you have a chimney. Oh. So what is it? Where is that? In the attic or something? Oh, You know what? I've never seen a chimney before. I'll Be honest. You, I don't know if I got a chimney either. Exactly. I got an electric fireplace though. Oh, so see now how you do That? You have a chimney, sir? What? An electric fireplace? Yes. I don't know. And we know about houses, You know? I know. We don't got Santa Claus. Yo, shut up. Okay. I know we ain't got that. I know that much. You know what? When we come back, Jason Lee will be joining us. So we gonna kick it with Jason Lee. Jason Lee used to be built like Santa Claus, but he's not no more drop on the bus with Jason Lee. So think about O Jason Lee sliding down to chimney.


You believe that sliding down a chimney, that's not gonna happen. I hate this place, man. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 Plus Terms Inc.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we are the Black Fat Film Podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app, I a podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman. Historical records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. Ba bam, another one gone. A cracker a bat, and another one gone. A tip bud. A cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And did You know? Did You know I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before? Rosa, get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.