
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying To be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you Giving DONKEY of the day too? Now? Well, sexy red DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, September 10th goes to the Miami-Dade police officers who pulled over Miami Dolphin Tyreek Hill slew to Tyreek Hill on Sunday as he was approaching the Hard Rock stadium to play a game against the Jacksonville Jaguars. He got pulled over. Now, I don't know If, you have all seen the body cam footage, but the Miami-Dade police officers pulled Tyreek Hill out of his car and forced him to the pavement before putting him in handcuffs. Now I'm gonna get to the news report, but I want to explain what you may hear.


The footage shows Tyreek is originally pulled over for speeding and it takes approximately one minute from when the officer leaves his motorcycle and starts walking towards Tyreek's car to when Tyreek is forcibly pulled out. One minute, 60 seconds. Okay, the officers arrived, they knocked on Tyreek's car window, Tyreek roll rolls the window down hands the officer, his driver's license and tells the officer over and over to not knock on my window. The footage also shows the officers asking Tyreek to keep his window down and that's when the escalation escalated. Who's the source? What's the source? What's CNN? CNN. Let's go to CNN for the report please. Hey, don't knock on my window like that, man. Don't knock on. Why don't you have your seatbelt on? Don't knock on my window. Why don't you have your seatbelt on?


Knock on my window like that though. Like what? Don't knock on my window like that. Why you have it up? Don't knock on my window like that. Why you have it up? I have to knock to let You know I'm here. Don't knock on. We can lower and talk to you. Just get my ticket, bro, so I can go. I'm finna be late, gang. Do what you gotta do. Hey, keep your window down. Keep your window down. Don't tell me what. Keep your window down. I'm gonna get you out of the car. As a matter of fact, get outta the car. Hold on, hold on. Get outta the car. Gimme we'll break that fucking window. Get outta the car. I'm Finn, get out. I'm get outta the car right now. We're not playing this game. Get out. I'm gonna get outta get out, get out. Get out. What part of drugs you in this? Hey Drew. Hey Drew. I'm getting arrested, dude. I'm getting out.


Swear, when we tell you to do something, you do it. I'm getting you understand. I'm getting out. You understand not what you want, but when we tell you, see, hold on. Swear. Hold on. Hold on bro. I just had surgery on my knee. I just had surgery on my knee, bro. I just had surgery on. I just, you're in your ears when we come here with you. Window chill bro. Chill. Now I know a lot of people watch that video. Hear that video and say to themselves, I'm calling ice on every single one of those police, police officers, okay? If ever a wall needed to be built, I'm sure they are here illegally because they're all police officers. But I just wanna make sure because If, you going treat Tyreek Hill like that, then I need to make sure you don't need to be deported, okay?


That's number one. Second thing, I'm sure some of you thought, why didn't Tyreek just comply? Why didn't he just keep the window down? Why didn't he just tell the police who he was? I'm Tyreek Hill. We got a game to play today. I'm just trying to get to the stadium. You know, apologies and keep it moving. Police probably would've gave him an escort unless of course those officers were betting with the Jaguars. Unless of course those officers were betting on their You know DraftKings and their fan dudes that Tyreek was gonna have a horrible game. If that is the case, then they didn't wanna do anything but make sure Tyreek was having a bad day. But back to the Tyreek Hill complying thing, right? I I have heard people say he should have just complied. The reason I have trouble with that logic is because ego driven power trip, humans are going to be ego driven. Power tripping humans regardless.


Nothing about this interaction was logical or had any reasoning to it. One minute, 60 seconds from pulling him over, they forcibly removed him outta the car and had him on the ground. Folks say Tyre should have just complied. Well, what about officers should have had better conflict resolution skills? The officers reacted like that simply because Tyreek wouldn't keep his window down. You already have his license, run his name, give him his ticket and let him go on about his business. The officers ask Hill to get out of his vehicle. Tyreek says, I'm gonna get out. Okay? As the officer is already opening his door and removing him, Tyreek says to the officer, I'm getting out. Okay? By that point, another officer grabbed him by the back of the head, back of the neck and forced him to the pavement, put him in handcuffs.


The situation went from zero to 60, but it was the police who pushed the gas, okay? Not Tyreek. And this is what I don't understand about people with big guns. Fragile. Fragile egos and badges, okay? One of the officers literally tells Tyreek, when I tell you to do something, you do it as if Tyreek has zero rights. And what's sad when you're dealing with the police, especially when you black, is You know the rule of law does not apply to you. Whatever constitutional law exists in regards to your interactions with the police, those are out the window. When we have interactions with the police, we just trying to survive. Tyreek Hill told NBC news this. Do we got that clip? I'm just being a black man. That's it. I'm just being black in America, bro.


That's all it is. You're dark too, brother. We're where people are coming too. Don't play like I, I'm just being a black man in America. That's not the clip Im looking for. That's it. That's it. Lemme write Me my ticket. That wasn't the clip I was looking for. The other one when he told talking to NBC news. Well, he basically told NBC news. If I wasn't Tyreek Hill, Lord knows I probably would've been shot or locked up. Tyrek. Let's just say these people knew who you were, okay? Look what they still did to you, okay? They don't care who you are. They would've treated any black person in that situation just like they treated you. It took them one minute, 60 seconds from pulling you over to have you on the ground in handcuffs, okay?


You being Tyreek Hill meant absolutely nothing. Now, one of the officers that's been put on administrative leave and the police chief promises full transparency. Chief, we saw the video, it doesn't get any more transparent. I know there's gonna be an investigation. The only thing that you can tell us is my theory about the officers betting on the Jacksonville Jaguars. We had DraftKings a fan do is true. Other than that, this is just gaslighting because nothing is gonna change in regards to how cops treat us. And that's the sad part. They won't even release these officers names, so I can't even really give them the credit they deserve for being stupid. We are at the mercy of the police, okay? All I learned from this situation was what I already knew, okay? It doesn't matter who you are, what you do, how much money you got, If, you are black.


You are subject to that type of violent, overly aggressive behavior from the police. Please let Remi ma give to officers in Miami Dade County that did that to Tyreek Hill. The biggest hee-haw Hee-haw hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? All right, Not black. You oj. What I mean, You know. You know what I'm trying to say? No, we don't. He's rich, so he shouldn't be treated like that. But it doesn't matter how much money you have, cops do not care. They hopped out that car, they hopped off that bike. OJ didn't think he was black. That's what I'm saying. I was trying to say the line, but I said it wrong. We don't Know what you was trying to say there. Whatever. Y'all know what I'm saying? It's sad that we even, because imagine if he wasn't him and that's why I said earlier my heart dropped when he put that window on.


But Here's the thing. He said that right? He said if he said, if I wasn't Tyreek Hill, Lord knows I probably would've been shot. And. I locked up. Well, alright, well you Can play it now, If. you Want what? It's okay. Hill Believes the incident could have ended differently if he were not a superstar athlete. Worst case scenario would've been shot or either you, you would've been locked up. I believe that that situation went exactly how it would've went regardless, because they didn't care. It took them 60 seconds. 60 seconds for all of that to happen. That was ego. Okay? That was pride. That was abusive Power Seconds. They knew who he was and, and, and they wanted to show him who was the boss, quote unquote.


Right? Let's Talk about it. If they knew who he was and still treated him like that, they did. One of The officers said, that's Tyre Hill. Yeah, I don't think they ain't about to have a boss now. Somebody about to be fired. I don't think they cared. I don't know if they even, I don't even know if they gonna get fired. Yeah, They unions over there. Union release something down. He didn't comply. That's why we, we, we did that. Yeah, it is. All right. Well, let's open up the phone lines. Let's discuss (800) 585-1051. We'd love to hear from you and some officers out there, some officers on the job if you're working, and we'd love to hear how you feel about it. What's your thoughts, what you think. All right. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good Morning.


DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


My five Casino. Hi five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com I five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com


I five Casino


Lucky Land slots. Asking people, what's the weirdest place you've gotten lucky. Lucky in line at the deli. I guess A hi in my dentist's office more than once actually. Do I have to say yes you do. In the car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten? Lucky I never win and tell. Well, there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere. playing@luckylandslots.com. Play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. VGW Group avoid web prohibited by law 18 plus terms and condition supply.


Deciding on what to listen to is hard. Using zuo to stream music from iHeart nineties. Radio is easy or play iHeart country or hip hop beats your choice all for free stream easy. With Zuo Play. Get Live and OnDemand Entertainment with no logins, no signups, no accounts, no hassle. This September. Have movie night with the Blockbuster Hit. Godzilla and Resident Evil starring Mila Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez Streaming free on Zuo play. Go to play.zumo.com now. Life is hard. Zuo is easy.