
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash saydu. Wells Fargo Bank, NA member ft IC


Camp Shane. One of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids. Promised extraordinary results, but there were some dark truths behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. Enter Camp Shame, an eight part series examining the rise and fall of Camp Shame and the culture that fueled its decades long success. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart true Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.


Your execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go. Is it a read? They gave me DONKEY of the day And I deserve the need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am. Did you have the voice? Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne there only one charlamagne to go Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday June 11th goes to hit Maker Youngberg. You know who I'm talking about? Renowned producer. Okay, I saw an article this morning on the site called Flint and they did a story on him and the headline was 77 million sold nine Grammy nominations.


9 billion streams. So congratulations to that young man. Drop on a clue. Bombs for Young Bird. He is a super producer in every sense of the word, but as you all know, the DONKEY today does not discriminate. See, this past weekend was BET Awards Weekend in la, okay? The Breakfast Club sent our very own Lauren LaRosa, LL Cool Base. She was out there working what we call the media room. Okay? I was born in 1,978, been doing radio for 27 years. So I'm old enough to remember when it was just called the radio room, okay? All the different radio stations and radio shows from across the country would be in there interviewing various artists. Well, times have changed, okay? The landscape has evolved. So now it's radio and podcasts, blog sites, all types of media. So we had Lauren Osa out there, she interviewed like 30 different people.


Yeah, 30 different people within two days and, And I was catching up on some of the interviews this week. I saw Jermaine Dupree, I saw Sierra, I saw Ou Bonton, all great conversations dropping the clues bombs for Lauren LaRosa. Great job. But it was the interview with Youngberg hit. Hitmaker did I wish I was present for See Hitmaker sat down and he was expressing the fact that he believes Diddy should be free. Nothing wrong with that opinion. I'm sure Diddy is praying that there are people on the jury who feel just like Hitmaker. Now none of us are legal experts, but when someone says to me they think Diddy should be free, I ask why. When somebody tells me they think Diddy should be locked up, I also ask why.


Because if you make statements like that, they should be rooted in some information about the case. If they are rooted in your own personal feelings, you know, just because No Way Out is your favorite album. That's not a good enough reason. I know you had some great nights on Ciroc. I enjoyed making the band too. You cannot erase what Diddy brought to The World of entertainment and lifestyle, but none of that has any bearing on his case. But let's listen to what hit Maker's reasoning was. But what is he really guilty, y'all? I don't think he should be in jail. Why you don't, why don't you think he should be in jail? He just a freaky, he's a freaky, freaky ass. You know N word, he's just a freak. Free him. I ain't gonna lie, free him. I don't approve of nothing that he did or whatever, but I just think that he was just doing some, some nasty stuff, bro.


From what I heard, I might not have all the intel. You got all the intel, but I think he was just high and tripping. Like that's all it really is. But in my personal opinion, Lauren, I think that I don't have enough details, but I honestly think that he should be in these streets, be in these streets and stuff. He should be, he should be at home. He shouldn't be like, I think that what if you think about the Epstein and all the other different people, well they didn't they get house arrest or something like that. Hitmaker, you should have stopped that. I don't have all the intel you said outta your own mouth. You didn't have all the details yet. You kept talking. Listen to me. If you ever thought to yourself the opinions you read on social media couldn't possibly exist in real life, then you now have exhibit A.


Okay? Hitmaker gave us all the YouTube lawyers greatest hits. I don't approve of what he did when he shouldn't be in prison. He was just freaky. And what about Epstein? What about him? Did Epstein get house arrest? That's the question you asked. The answer is no. Okay. Not for his 2019 federal sex trafficking charges. Okay? He requested release on bail. He offered to wear an ankle monitor and stay posted up at his Manhattan mansion, but the judge denied him, said he was too big a flight risk in a public danger. These are just simple facts that one can research if they choose to. Once again, you can have your opinion on whether Diddy should be free or not, but if you're gonna express that opinion publicly, let it be rooted in something real, some type of factual information.


Now, none of what you heard just now is the reason I chose to give hit, make a DONKEY today, okay? It was this statement he made as him and Lauren LaRosa were going back and forth on the Diddy situation in regards to the man who killed George Floyd. Derek Chauvin. Let's listen. Yo, man, I I just think that, you know, it's kind of crazy and it's very like insane what he got going on. But like, I've seen like it's people that the, the guy on George Floyd neck, is he in jail? I think, no, I don't think he was in jail. What? Hmm. Play that one, one more, just one more time. Play that one more time for me. Yeah, man, I, I just think that, you know, it's kind of crazy and it's very like, insane what he got going on.


But like, I seen like it's people that the, the guy on George Floyd neck, is he in jail? I think, no, I don't think he was in jail. Damn. You know, Hitmaker said he didn't have much information on the Diddy case. Hit and make a, you don't seem to have much information on anything, okay? I don't understand how people speak about things they don't know anything about with such confidence. What do you mean? Is the guy who killed George Floyd in prison? Derek Chauvin got 43 years, okay? 22 and a half years in state prison for unintentional second degree murder. I don't even know how it was rude, unintentional, but the sentence exceeded the standard guideline due to Derrick's abuse of authority and the cruelty displayed.


Then he got sentenced federally to 21 years for violating George Floyd's civil rights, including kneeling on his neck even after he became unresponsive. And no sentences will run concurrently, adding up to 43 min, 43 years Hitmaker, you don't even know, you don't even need to know all those details. But the fact you didn't even know Derek Chauvin, George Floyd's killer was in prison is exactly the reason why I don't talk to niggas after 5:00 PM Okay? And he said it like we were playing spades and he had nine. And I possible like he just knew he had a winning hand when he said that. Like he said it like he had the big joker, the little joker, the Duc of diamonds, ACEs spades Emini.


Here is the guy who killed George Floyd in prison. Yes. Yes. Okay, look, if you're going to use the double standard argument, then find some cases that are the equivalent of Sean Combs. Okay? The former CEO of Abercrombie and Fitz who was charged with sex trafficking and interstate prostitution is a way better example, but that's not the debate. Hitmaker, how you don't know Derek Chauvin is in prison. Okay, seeing police officers going to prison for killing black men is a rarity in this country. So you should know Derek Chauvin was in prison. There was a $27 million civil settlement reached in the George Floyd case, the largest pretrial civil rights settlement in US history.


The George Floyd case sparked one of the largest protest movements in US history. But you didn't know the man who killed Derek Chauvin was in prison. Reggie, you gotta let me hear it again. Just one more time. One more time. Yo man, I, I just think that, you know, it's kind of crazy and it's very like insane what he got going on. But like, I've seen like it's people that the, the guy on George Floyd neck, is he in jail? I think, no, I don't think he was in jail. Shh nigga. Harsh. Be quiet. Better to remain silent and be thoughtful than to speak and remove all doubt. You know how to make hits, but you don't know how to make sense.


Okay, I have another name for you now. How about Young? Clueless are hit. Make it up as he go. He's got a new album, eight oh eights and Bad Takes coming soon. Please give youngberg AKA Hitmaker AKA young clueless the biggest Hee-haw. Yeah, That's crazy. I'm telling you, I'm calling him Young Clueless from now on. I young, clueless and hit. Make It Up as he go. That is his new name. Oh God. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Now when we come back running for mayor of New York City, Zo Ron Kwame Ani, he'll be joining us this morning.


He was, he's basically started from the ground up, knocking on doors. He'll break everything all down of how he's very high up in the polls right now, so we'll talk to him next. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LA Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Camp Shane, one of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids, promised extraordinary results, but there were some dark truths behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. Enter Camp Shame, an eight part series examining the rise and fall of Camp Shane and the culture that fueled its decades long success. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart True Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


DNA test proves he is not the father. Now I'm taking the inheritance. Wait a minute, John, who's not the father? Well, Sam, luckily it's you are not the father Week on the Okay Storytime podcast, so we'll find out soon. This author writes that my father-in-law is trying to steal the family fortune worth millions from my son, even though it was promised to us. He's trying to give it to his irresponsible son. But I have DNA proof that could get the money back. Hold up, they could lose their family and millions of dollars. Yep. Find out how it ends by listening to the Okay Storytime podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still out There. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.