
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that.


Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it.


If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a Fake ass Charlamagne.


There's Only one Charlamagne Charlamagne damn Charlamagne. Who you giving dusty of the day too? Now Man. Sexy Red DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, February 11th goes to a 29-year-old Florida man named Jonathan Novis. Let me tell you something, man, The World is a strange place because I don't know if his people's behavior that we should be concerned about or the context of their behavior. Let me explain. Jonathan Navis was arrested after he was observed barking like a dog in a Georgia Auto Parts store. That's right. For more than An Hour. What I repeat, Jonathan Davis was arrested after he was observed barking like a dog in a Stay Strong brother, stay Strong.


We got a, a new board op. He's, he's filling in 'cause somebody had a flat tire. It's a lot y'all. But yes, Jonathan Davis was arrested after he was observed barking like a dog in a Georgia Auto Parts store for more than An Hour. Okay? This is what happens when you ask somebody Where my dog's at? Alright, don't ask that question if you don't want an answer. According to an incident report, the owner of an advanced auto parts store called to complain that Jonathan had been in the store and had been barking like a dog for An Hour. Okay? Jonathan told police officers that he had no idea he was, his barking was causing any issues. Now, let's discuss this for a second. First of all, why did it take An Hour? A whole hour went by and a grown ass man, 29-year-old man is walking around the store barking like a dog and nobody says anything.


One hour 60 minutes, 3,600 seconds of nonstop barking and nobody says anything. And at what point do you know? At what point do you who is not barking realize something is wrong? Okay, I'm not playing with people in 2025. If I'm out somewhere and someone starts randomly barking that person And I will not be sharing space for 3,600 seconds, a whole hour. I am calling the proper authorities immediately. I don't know if it's the police or animal control, but somebody is getting called now there, this is where I'm also torn. Okay? I've watched a human bark for An Hour.


NVU have two. Okay? I've been around a human who randomly barks. NVU have two. Hmm. That human went by the name of Earl Simmons. Oh yeah. A-K-A-D-M-X drop. Now you can drop on a clue bomb for DMX, rest in peace to the dog. Absolutely. Now listen to me. I use the word human to describe DMX, but DMX was a spirit. He was a spiritual being, living a human existence. And this is what Emini here, when I say I don't know if it's people's behavior or the context of their behavior, because in context a person barking isn't concerning. If we know why they barking, we knew why DMX was barking. Okay? He was the dog. I never met a person like DMX in my life, A 1 0 1.


The reality is he may not have been from this planet. He may have been dropped off here by extraterrestrial. So to see another human randomly barking in an advanced auto parts store, the first thing I'm gonna do, honestly, if think the person is related to DMX, you've got to be from the same place as DMX to be acting like that. And I'm not talking about Yonkers, okay? I'm talking about whatever Planet X came from. Actually, I want to give the folks in advance auto parts. I wanna give them a little grace. If I heard someone barking, I would think they was imitating DMX. We all did it at one point in our lives, I would think he was just doing his own remix of Ruff Ryder's anthem or something. Okay? Now, when they asked Jonathan where his ID was, he said in his car, when they went to search his car, they found a clear baggie containing syringes in the passenger seat, and a search revealed a bag full of a clear crystal substance that was later confirmed to be that cotton candy.


Okay? That white crossed in cookies, us commonly known as meth. Navis also told police officers that the syringes contained blood. It's Florida, ladies and gentlemen. I don't know why people are just walking around with syringes of blood, but he was fleshing my flesh, blood in my blood. Navis was arrested and remains in the Monroe County Detention Center with a $5,000 bond. No word on if he's still barking, please give Jonathan Navis the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You, the DONKEY of the day. You're the DONKEY of day.


If you're sitting around confused about that story, just understand it's Florida. Ladies and gentlemen, don't try to, you know, don't try to rationalize it. Okay? It's Florida. What's his name? Jonathan Navis. Jonathan or Novis Navis. But tell the truth though, if you somewhere for An Hour and somebody just walking around barking, you gonna say something? I'm a been, I I would've left already. Okay? I was Just say, unless, Unless it's Dmx already say nothing to, right? I want of DMX kids, right? I have no business kidding. Right in, in a store with a person barking for An Hour, I, I might bark back just for come on ish, and then You going bite it, right? No, no. Then you going bite it because if you already walking around bucking you, not rap too tight.


So you could be capable of anything. You can do anything. You can have anything in your pocket. Somebody say something, you stab 'em up, anything. So let him go ahead and have that establishment. But that's my point. Why wait for An Hour to call the police? Yes. If I vans off, I'm calling immediately. That that wasn't suspicious to you after the first 30 seconds. Yes, the first minute. Mm. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, no, I feel you. All right, well, thank you for that DONKEY of the Day. DONKEY of the Day is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning.


The Breakfast Club. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition.


And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you. Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait.


Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what I'm solving a mystery through s Sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your arms Off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives.


Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David o, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.