
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone. For Details@public.com,


you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company


America has a pro And I. See The disinfectant? Is there a way we can do something like that by injection? I wouldn't have picked Vice President Trump to be vice president, but I think she was not qualified to be president On January 6th. We were respected all over The World and we're now left at, we're like a bunch of stupid people. Well, what Are you talking about? Yes, you are adults, adult. I'm tired of your shenanigan. What did I do? You have a problem figuring out whether you're from me or Trump and you ain't black. They're taking black jobs Now. Oh man, Charlamagne. I just want to know today, who gets DONKEY today on The? Breakfast Club hee-haw. Old nmo DONKEY today for Friday, July 12th goes to the Democratic party.


Your symbol is a DONKEY for a reason. Listen, America, when it comes to this presidential election in November, we all deserve better. I don't care what party you represent, I don't care who you have voted for in the past. I don't care who you voting for now. I just wish we had better options to choose from. Okay? More than half of all Americans believe that Biden nor Trump should lead their respective party White House tickets this year. The reason Democrats are getting DONKEY today this morning is because of President Joe Biden. I've been asking a simple question for the past year and a half, and that question is, can the Biden Harris ticket win in November? I even went so far as to say back in December when I was a hosting the Daily Show, Hey, president Biden isn't getting any younger.


He's not getting a new running mate, so he needed to do America the biggest favor and step down. The stakes are too high in November, and we know elections are gonna be close regardless. But what's concerning is that even through all of Trump's disfunction, right? The fact we saw him leading attempted Co this country, the fact he said he wants to terminate the Constitution to overthrow the results of an election, the fact that he is one of the primary reasons the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution. I keep repeating this because I want you all to understand. The Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade legalized bribery of public officials declared the president of the United States absolutely immune from criminal prosecution. They have ended race conscious admission programs at colleges and universities across the country. They are just corrupt and not because they're majority conservative, but because they are supposed to be impartial, but they are not.


Okay? Right Now, if voters attempt to elect leaders, the Supreme Court claims the authority to overrule them by literally picking whose vote should be counted or recounted. I'm not making this up. The Supreme Court literally doesn't have to care about what voters want. Republicans have to set up a system. I mean, Republicans have set up a system where either Republicans win elections or elections don't matter. Please, I told y'all earlier this week, read the article that Eli Ell wrote for the nation. It's clear, concise, easy to understand, and you can see the damage Donald Trump's Supreme Court has done to America. But let me stay focused. Even with all that dysfunction, And I didn't need to mention any of the criminal charges than convictions.


Even with all that, somehow Biden and the Democrats look in more disarray and more dysfunctional than Trump and the Republicans. And the reason for that is President Joe Biden. Joe Biden distracts sadly, from all the dysfunction that Donald Trump has brought to this country, Trump lies 30 times at the debate doesn't matter. President Biden's physical and mental fragility eclipse that Supreme Court presidential immunity ruling eclipsed by President Biden's physical and mental fragility, the threat of Project 2025 in the future, eclipsed by Biden's Physical and mental fragility and You. know why Biden eclipses all of that dysfunction because folks are terrified that he can't win in November. It's not rocket science. If democracy is at stake, act like it.


Where is the sense of urgency? Okay, running President Biden is not a sense of urgency. I saw six polls this week that he's behind Trump in the latest P-B-S-N-P-R. Mayor Poll says majority of Americans don't want Biden as the Democratic candidate, but he hasn't lost ground to Trump. It says, if the election was held today, 50% of registered voters would support Biden. 48% said they will vote Trump. The difference between the two falls within the margin of era. Let's talk about those margins. Do you really believe when you look at President Biden, he can inspire and energize those undecided voters? How many undecided voters look at Trump and Biden and say, You know what I'm gonna choose to couch this year. I'm staying home, or I'm gonna vote third party, or I'm gonna write in who I support and, and people.


This narrative is not changing between now and November. Every time President Biden is in the public eye, folks are gonna be discussing how they feel he's physically and mentally not fit to run. And that will discourage people come November that along with how people feel about his policies, which he won't ever get to explain because he'll be constantly trying to defend that he's physically and mentally fit so he can't even get to his record. And those are the reasons why President Biden needed to step aside. Everyone who is saying he needed to step down is absolutely correct. I saw folks mad at George Clooney and saying, you shouldn't listen to celebrities. George Clooney is a tax paying You know. Well, you shouldn't listen to celebrities. You know these celebrities are outta touch.


I say, George Clooney is a tax paying citizen who votes. He has a right to an opinion just like we all do. Furthermore, his word means more than a lot of us, not because he is a a celebrity, but because he's a Major Biden fundraiser, right? The man hadn't lined a fundraiser for Biden that raised $28 million for his reelection campaign, the most for the Democratic Party from a single event in history. His word matters. Okay? And he's not asking Biden to drop out because he wants Trump to win. He's asking Biden to step down because he doesn't want Trump to win, and he doesn't think Biden can beat him. Why is this a hard concept for people to grasp? Okay, last night at the press conference, president Biden said this about dropping out.


You earlier explained confidence in your vice president. Yes. If your team came back and showed you data that she would fare better against former President Donald Trump, would you reconsider your decision to stay in the race? No. Unless they came back and said, there's no way you can win me. No one's saying that. No bull says that. Tell him. Tell him the day. Okay. Tell him today he can't win. And then what do you do? You bump his very qualified VP to the top of the ticket, Kamala Harris. Okay. Pair her with a white man. I don't know who that white man is personally. I like Governor Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania.


Pair her with a white man and everybody just go to work. Okay? Don't tell me Vice President Kamala Harris can't win. Don't tell me this country will never vote for a a, a woman of color because stranger things have happened like 2008 when we elected a black man with the middle name of a terrorist, and in 2016, we elected the executive producer of the Celebrity Apprentice. Stranger. Things have happened in desperate times, called for desperate measures, but desperate times can also bring about historical change. And don't tell me there is no time to put Vice President Kamala Harris at the top of the ticket. There's only four months charlamagne a snort. Enough time. Well, according to President Biden last night at the press conference, the campaign hasn't even started yet. He said it. Listen, How accurate does anybody think the polls are these days?


I can give you a series of polls where you have likely voters, me versus Trump, where I win all the time. When the un the unlikely voters to vote, he wins. Sometimes the bottom line is all the polling data right now, which I think is premature because the campaign really hasn't even started. I mean, it hadn't started in earnest yet. Most of the time it doesn't start till after September after Labor Day. So, okay, a lot can happen, but I think I'm the best qual I know. I believe I'm the best qualified to govern. Okay, well, since the campaign hasn't really started yet, and it doesn't really start till after Labor Day, I guess we still in training camp. So let's try a new starting quarterback named Kamala Harris. Okay, look, I know y'all like to run around saying, I would vote for a corpse before I voted for a convicted felon, but wouldn't you rather vote for somebody alive?


Why do we act like there is no option? Okay, and the time calls for this, all right? We have a president who is a convicted felon and a vice president, or we have an ex-president who is a convicted felon and a vice president who is a prosecutor. Okay? It's perfect. The prosecutor versus the convicted felon, something that is always in the eyes of a lot of people. You know something, something that has always been Kamala, the chilies Achilles heel could actually be one of her greatest scripts right now. Okay? I don't know if she can win either. It's all a toss up, but I think it will bring more energy. I think it will be more inspiring. And for people who say it takes years to get national recognition, not in this day and age, okay? As soon as that switch happens, Biden drops out and Kamala becomes the nominee.


The World will know because of social media, okay? That's all folks will be talking about. You know. Can Kamala overcome sexism and racism to become president? I don't know. I just know personally, I would rather deal with that familiar distraction, people being sexist and racist towards a candidate. We've seen that before and we've seen people overcome those things. Okay? President Obama won and Hillary won the popular vote, but You know that damn electoral college. All I'm simply saying is keeping President Biden in the race for president is cruel and unusual punishment. And I'm talking, I'm not talking about elder abuse. I'm talking about for us, alright? The American people, this whole election, Trump versus Biden is cruel and unusual punishment for us.


The people we deserve better Republicans don't care. They have chosen the devil. They know Democrats. It is time for old Captain America to put down his shield, and it's time to bump the VP to the top of the ticket and rally around her. Okay? It's all a crapshoot either way, because the Supreme Court literally doesn't have to care about what voters want. But hey, it's time for Democrats in America to start thinking about President Kamala Harris because President Joe Biden ain't it? He's tired. And if he's not tired, we are. Please give the Democratic Party the biggest haw.


Hm. All right. I would've to agree. I would have to agree. It's time. It is time All. What else? What's going on? Like y'all already, I'm done. I I'm just gonna say I agree. I'm done. I have nothing else to say. I'm Oh, you wanna de linger a little bit? No, I just was sitting there. I'm done. No, I'm talking about envy. He wanted to, I was At, I was waiting for you to, he Was stinking. You Agree? That's all Wrong. Anyway, since we ain't got nothing else to say, I have this to say. Let me tell y'all something. Y'all know Denzel coming up with this new movie, gladiator. Gladiator part two. That is the one sexy ex man. Oh, you seen him in the Bronx? What? No, like he, it like I'm looking at this picture of him.


You have a man. This is absolutely, I have no, but not of this man. But here, this is crazy. Like You really know how to instill confidence in your man. You have a baby that's about to drop him. Chris driving a truck. Chris, just almost hitch somebody just now swerving off the road, listening to you You know you have a man. All I'm saying is the salt and pepper. Denzel with the Caesar and a goatee and the It is. Yeah, but man, that's Why I'm letting my pepper grow. Not pepper. That's why I'm letting my salt grow in right now. Don't Compare yourself to Denzel You. know what? Never ever. We have to stop this like this dude thinks more chest. He says, I'm letting my salt and pepper because the Denzel You know. You Know. know what? Here's the thing that y'all need to understand. There's a certain tear of handsome that there's just You know people all just can't get to When we come back.


Me, Denzel Tk Kirk Will be joining us. He's performing at the Stress Factory in New Jersey this tonight and tomorrow. So we gonna talk to TK when we come back. 'cause this nigga lying, this he crazy. What I'm lying about being handsome. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Oh, DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club at public.com. You can grow your Cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required.


That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing, Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more. MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers.


That's MITR e.org/careers. Is getting gas at Exxon burning a hole in your wallet? What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop. You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop six six to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding. Step into The, World of power, loyalty, and luck.


I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slots Someday I will call upon you to do a service for Me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome To the family Vtw group. No purchase necessary. Avoid word prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform.


It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.