
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs, and the News agents USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's A read, But you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne involved. Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you Giving dust here today to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Tuesday, September 17th goes to the Editor in chief of the National Review. Rich Lowry. Oh, the mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Okay, now, as someone who talks for a living, I understand misspeaking it happens all the time. Lauren just did it. You know I did not say that word. I would never say that word. And don't keep putting that on me. We talk a lot, Lauren. It's okay. Okay. All right. Lauren. I talk a lot You know from Breakfast Club to Brilliant Idiots. So defensive A lot of nothing, but I didn't say that word True.


So Defensive. Countless appearances on Cable News Network, CNA and M-S-N-B-C, Fox. Now you gonna have people going to look for it, Lauren, whatever it is, whatever it is, I talk a lot. Okay, so you gonna slip up and say things you didn't mean to say, you gonna slip up and say things you didn't mean to say, but you were thinking, right, Lauren? Okay. One thing, one thing I do You know is if, if I'm reading something right, like right before I'm about to talk for whatever reason, I may say what I was just reading, especially if I'm not really paying attention to what is being said around me. Have you ever been reading something and someone is trying to talk to you at the same time, but you not really paying that person any attention because you so deep into whatever it is you are reading. So then when you realize the person is asking you something, you reply, but it's about what you were reading and has absolutely nothing to do with what they said to you.


I'm the only person that does that. No. Oh, I do It all the the time. Do what? I'm texting all the time. Okay, I said all that the cover for when I misspeak, but that has nothing to do with Rich Lowry. R Lauren. Okay. See Rich Lowry. Don't put me with that man. You keep trying to put me with all these random, don't put me with that man. I don't got nothing to do with that. And I ain't say that word. See, rich. What word? What word? Any word that you thought at this point. I'm about to start signing in here so it's clear signing. Okay. Rich Lowry was on the Megan Kelly show. And I. Don't want to tell you what he said because a lot of times the internet tells us what someone said, and that's all we hear when we listen. So I'm gonna play this clip. And I, want everyone here at the Black Mothership, AKA The, Breakfast, Club Studios and everyone in their cars You know everybody listening on the iHeartRadio app.


Wherever you're listening, I want you to immediately either say out loud what you heard him say or just hit us on social media and tell me what he said. Okay? This is Rich Lowry Editor in chief of the National Review on Megan Kelly Show. And he was talking about JD Vance's comments to Dana Bash. Dana Bash. Remember JD told Dana that the Haitian migrants in spring JD told Dan that at the Haitian migrants in Springfield, Ohio were, what did he say? I forgot what he said. They were eating dogs or something like, oh, he said that he made it all up, basically just to bring attention to the story. Let's listen. You remember alternative facts with Kellyann? They, they did the same thing. She wasn't saying you, you make up fictions and pretend they're facts. You, you bring other facts to bear in the debate that are being ignored.


And that's what he was saying. And, I loved. I think it was in, in that interview where Dana Bash says, You know the police have gone through 11 months of recordings of calls and they've only found two Springfield residents calling to complain about Haitian   migrants. What? Taking geese from pos. Now he said what he said Now he said what? He said, what did you hear, Lauren? He said the N word Envy. What did you hear? Oh, yeah, absolutely. Positively red. What did you hear the same? Wow. Nick, Sid, y'all in the room. See what you call him? You Haitian. Wow. Now normally we don't say the N word, but for journalistic purposes, we have to figure out what he said. Let's play it again to make sure, just isolated.


I just wanna hear that part. Haitian   Wow. Now we didn't put no sauce on that. No seasoning. Okay. Just like his mama's food, let's chop him. Screw it. Red. What did he say? Hamaker. Whoa. Jesus Christ. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Drop one of cruise bombs for rich. Why you dropping the bomb for him? Take that bomb back, man. Rich may not have meant to say it, but you said it, rich. Okay? Whether you may not have meant to say it, but you said it. Now, the reason I'm giving you DONKEY today is because you clean up on I, your clean up on I nigga game is horrible. Okay? Rich said And. I quote on X, I began to mispronounce the word migrants and caught myself halfway through.


Play it again for me. Right patient, Niger. Now, damn, there are a lot. Can can we play play the can? Can we play the whole clip? I just wanna hear him because he said he he was messed up. The word migrant came out of the blue too. Yeah. You remember alternative facts with Kellyann. They, they did the same thing. She wasn't saying you, you make up fictions and pretend they're facts. You, you bring other facts to bear in the debate that are being ignored. And that's what he was saying. And, I loved. I think it was in, in that interview where Dana Bash says, You know the police have gone through 11 months of recordings of calls and they've only found two Springfield residents calling to complain about Haitian   migrants taking GE From pos. Now listen, there are a lot of words that can get you to N word V.


Okay? The word migrant ain't one of 'em. All right? Nickel can probably get you to N word V. Yes. NGA can probably get you to N word V nicks maybe If. you say Nicka box. Nicka box. Right? Okay. Nickel wra nica wra can definitely get you the N word bill. N wait, NBRA N. There you go. Nrah. There. You see, that's why I get you there. You, you didn't even have no nrah. You had no intention to go the N word bill. But see, now you're there. You right you. Those get you to the E, the hard R. That's what I'm saying. How do you pronounce that? K Knick knickknack. Knickknack. Knickknack. Possibly knickknack. Paddy white. Give a block a bone. Those words can get you the N word V, but migrants, nah. And your mans who worked at the National Review, Andrew McCarthy, he came to your defense as well.


His reasoning was even dumber. He said on X And, I'm reading this verbatim ridiculous. Rich obviously got crossed up between immigrants, short eye and migrants. Long eye started mispronouncing migrants with short eye instantly corrected himself with no embarrassment because it was patently a mispronunciation. Jace You know a white man is frustrated when he says, geez. Okay, listen Andrew, I'll be the first to tell you. I don't know what the hell you was talking about. Okay. Immigrants, short eye migrants, long eye. Has anybody ever heard of that? I've never heard of that. No. Mm. Okay. All we heard was the N word and we were listening for the hard er. Nothing more than nothing less. Look, you made a mistake, rich.


Okay? The N word was on your mind. I don't know if the n word being on your mind is racist or not. Okay? I mean, I, I I think a cracker is quite often Cheez-It my favorite. Okay. Rich with some peanut butter. Love them. All right. Club crackers with shrimp Dip yum. Me and Rich after what I just saw on Megan Kelly. I gotta say, you make me think of crackers too. Okay? Please let Chelsea handler give Rich Lowry the biggest hee-haw hee-haw hee-haw. That is way too much Dane mayonnaise. Let let Kathy Griffin get in on this too. Please Give this giant jar of mayo the biggest hee-haw. I I ain't heard from my cousin Chris Rock in a minute either.


Where? Chris Rock at? Crack Ass Crack. Oh, what about my grandma girl? Still work to drive through, bitch. Okay. All right. Just making sure all my people still here. Alright, They all, there's all, alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Is it Nicaragua? How do you pronounce that? I ain't playing no word. Games with truth. Oh yeah. You better not. I ain't playing no games of truth. Say Fab Lytics. Lauren. Fab Tics. Okay. Okay. Making sure. Alright, Well thank you for that DONKEY Today. Yes indeed. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World the news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agent's USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening. Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton.


Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media. What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It is like earing candy.


Check out bulls.com for more. This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events.


Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.