
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing member fin rent. SIC, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything. That can become a lasting memory one day, and it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone For details.


Modo us. Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello. Do us. They gave me DONKEY other day. And I deserve the We need to know they well, you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell them. Tell them, man, it's time For DONKEY of the day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlemagne involved Everybody. So stand man. Who you giving Dusty Day to? Now Listen, DONKEY today for Friday, July 26th, goes to Charles Christopher, who's 24 years old, Jordan Leonard, who's 25 years old, Taja Rose, who's 22, and DeAngelo Spencer, who's 26. Every single one of those individuals, a part of a nine count federal indictment charging them with committing armed robberies at several businesses in Los Angeles County.


Question, man. Hmm. What's going on in prisons nowadays? I I seriously want to know because when I, when when I was growing up, I saw Oz, where men You know were getting their chocolate starfishes scratched and You know things like, things like that. Like watching these turd burglars breaking into other men's booties that let me know Prison wasn't no place to be. Okay? They had a documentary called Inside the World's toughest prisoners. They had Beyond Scared Straight. They had all these images of prison that let us know this isn't where you want to be. Clearly that has changed because I feel like there are young men out here literally campaigning to be America's next top inmate. See, according to People Magazine, these four young men allegedly had what is described as a la robbery routine.


They would drive up to a seven 11 or CVS pharmacy and their blue BMW with the Blue Sheisty mask on. They would pull out a gun and demand cash from the register are drugs from the store? Okay, armed robbery. I get it. The problem is, it doesn't stop there. After they would do these robberies, I mean literally every time they would post on Instagram, okay? Over a seven week period from early November until Christmas Eve 2023, these four young men committed a slew of robberies. Okay? When an article says you have committed a slew of something, that means a lot, a large number of things, just say slew, slew, slew. Okay? Now, they robbed all these seven elevens and got about $7,617 in cash along with thousands in CVS pharmaceuticals, which the article says they would later sell, but I don't know, okay?


When I hear what they were doing, sounds like they might've been using more than selling. Now, these guys I told you would pull up in a blue 2011 BMW 3, 2 8 i four door car every single time. The indictment describes it as distinct, meaning everyone knew this car, everybody knew it was them. This is what happens when you watch Power one too many times, okay? Tommy had a blue Mustang at the scene of every damn crime he ever committed, so y'all decided to do the same with a blue BMW. Delete your Stars app right now. Okay? This is too much. Now, on November, back in November, DeAngelo Spencer made a series of posts to Instagram before and after the alleged robbery.


I really want to know where y'all think y'all be at when you be on social media. Okay, folks, act like social media is some whole other dimension, some whole other earth like we Earth 6 1 6 and social media is Earth 1 0 0 0 5. All my marvel heads know what I'm talking about, but some of you really act like what happens on social media doesn't have any impact on you in the real world. I don't get it. But Christopher would post on IG all the cash on another post. He would, he would be in all black clothing with his poo sheisty mask pulled up to expose his face. Yes. The indictment claimed his all black outfit matched what the robbery suspects were wear were wearing. Okay, let me describe some of these posts for you, man.


One post, one of the men published photos of a bunch of a hundred dollars bills with the caption loading up, okay, with a, with, with a sunglasses wearing emoji with a smiley face and a green check mark. These guys also robbed the same seven 11 twice, okay? Took cash outta three registers, then posted on IG later all the money with the caption stacks of cash. Another time one of the guys posted on IG following a robbery, a picture of a bunch of piles of cash. He professed his love for his homies by putting my bros, and he tagged all the bros who helped him commit the robbery in the picture. No, listen to the caption to this one. This is a good one. One of 'em put stacks of cash that they just stole from seven 11 and he captioned it with love my bros.


We go hit every time. Oh boy. Oh, this one is good too. After they stole about $2,130 worth of pharmaceuticals from A-L-A-C-V-S, one of them put all the medication on Instagram and advertised his stolen medication for sale, the caption said, I got sir. Now they in jail, okay with no lawyers as of this past Wednesday. They have no lawyers, all right? Two of them pleaded not guilty to the charges and were ordered Jailed without Bond. Another one hasn't entered a plea yet. The other is slated for Raymond. These young men need to have courses. How to go to prison for dummies. I mean, you can't not tell me that these guys aren't purposely trying to go to prison so they can do some poop shoot plundering.


There's nothing left to do here before we give 'em to Heehaw, other than play a game of, guess what race it is. All right. Charles, Christopher Jordan, Leonard Taja, rose DeAngelo. Spencer robbed a bunch of seven elevens and CVSs. Every time they would rob the seven Elevens and CVSs, they would put everything on Instagram. DJ Envy. Guess what? What race is black? Damn. Damn. Why are they driving A BMW and the m BMW is a black man's wish. Everything that you said, Everything Pooty mask, Okay? Just, I love my Bros. Adding them, showing the cash online.


Just hilarious. Charles, Christopher and Jordan. Leonard and Taja Rose. DeAngelo Spencer. They would rob a bunch of seven elevens and CVS and post all of the stolen items on Instagram. Just hilarious. Guess what race it is. Belay. Damn, damn down. Why y'all think these people black? Just everything on social media we're literally our own detriment. I I don't know any white Asian DeAngelos either. What Do you DeAngelo? Whose name is DeAngelo and his name Leonard. One of named Leonard. I know a biracial DeAngelo. Listen, Charles, Christopher Jordan, Leonard Taja Rose and DeAngelo Spencer are not black.


Hell no. They're   That is powerful. Ry at work. There is a difference, right? Please give Charles Christopher Jordan, Leonard Tasia Rose and DeAngelo Spencer the biggest. He haw. There is a difference. There is a difference, but not the er. Why couldn't they just be N-G-G-A-S? Nah, nah, nah, nah. These are, Oh, they not. They not, they not my niggas. They them niggas. They don't. Okay. There's the difference between them, nigga, my niggas and then them niggas. They from they away from them niggas over there. Okay. Yeah. Over from them niggas. They away from them Niggas. Those niggas they away from.


Yo. Okay. Yeah, I say   All right, well thank you for that DONKEY of the day. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club, Modo us Visit Mo Do Do Us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots.


You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello. Do us@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member finra And. I, not a bank, not investment advice.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chason featuring Meghan Trainor out today. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chason from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land You know what they say. Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group. Avoid or prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.