
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


In this election, we each face a question. What kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Keep running Because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris for President,


It's time for DONKEY of the Day is the reed. But you're so good At You trying to be a Fake ass Charlamagne. He's only one Charlemagne above Charlemagne. Damn. Who you giving DONKEY today to now? Well, sexy red DONKEY today for Friday, September 27th goes to Justin Johnson. If. you don't know who Justin Johnson is. He's a young man who was found guilty of the murder of the good Brother. Young DOL dropping the cruise bomb for young dol. Rest in peace young do okay. Ascending healing energy to his family, always a jury made up of nine white women, two black men and one white man. Found Johnson guilty of first degree murder, guilty of conspiracy to commit first degree murder and guilty of being a convicted felon in possession of a handgun.


The jury deliberated for four hours before they convicted him. And I. Can't believe it took that long. Okay? They must have been there talking about why did he had a thousand bottles of baby oil and lubricant. All the food they had in there must have been phenomenal and they got to talking and eating because there's no way it took them four hours to convict this man. But let's go to News Channel three for the report please. We asked you to remember the man who enjoyed being a father and spending time with his family. Carisa Brown, young do's sister applauding the verdict while facing the realization. So never see her brother again. I can't say that we're happy, we're overjoyed, anything like that. But it's the start of process being served for someone who we lost. That was some, some of everything to some of everyone.


The jury deliberating for four hours this afternoon finding Justin Johnson guilty on all charges in the murder of the Memphis rapper. A decision coming nearly three years after Dolph was gunned down at a cookie shop As a 13th juror. I affirmed this verdict passed to the first degree murder I sentence you to life in prison. It is gotta be bittersweet, right? Because You know on one hand you're glad justice is being served and these guys are getting life in prison. But yes, young Dolph is never coming back, so it's gotta be bittersweet. Now, Justin Johnson and his co-defendant, the admitted gunman, Cornelius Smith fired shots into Makita's homemade butter cookies on Airways Boulevard. During the trial, Cornelius testified that he and Justin Johnson carried out what was supposed to be a hundred thousand dollars hit on young Dolph.


Both Gunman was supposed to receive $40,000 each for the murder. And then where was the other 10 going? Lauren? The there was 20,000 going to the goat. What's the guy guy's nest Name? Well, the 20 or 10, it's 20. The guy set guy 10. 10. So 10 from Justin, 10 from Cornelius was to the guy that set it up. Okay, but that didn't happen. According to Cornelius Smith, they only ended up with $800. Let's go to Fox 26 Houston for the details please. The trial and the shooting death of rapper young Dolf in Memphis began with a major bombshell. Monday. Cornelius Smith confessed in court admitting to shooting the rapper whose real name was Adolf Thornton, Jr.


Outside of Memphis Cooking Shop in November, 2021. Smith says he and Justin Johnson were promised $40,000 each to complete the job by Dolph rival Big Jook. He says he only got a fraction of that payout, only $800 out of the 40,000 Promise $800 You know Cornelius Smith admitted his role in killing Dolphin said he felt no emotions over it at the time because he was addicted to drugs and was looking forward to collecting his $40,000 payday, which of course he never got. And prosecutors argued that the plan was for Justin Johnson to secure a record deal for the murder.


Think about what we talking about here. Two black men going to prison forever for killing. Well, for killing another black man, for not a damn thing. Yes, I said for not a damn thing. Because they didn't have no personal beef with Dolph. Dolph didn't do anything to them. They were just hit men for hire. This was all business to them. And they were willing to crash out and not only throw their life away for some money and a potential record deal, but they were also willing to take a life for some money and a potential record deal. This is why people have to learn to love themselves. Your first, last, and best love is self-love and If. you don't have self-love. It is impossible for you to love someone else. How could you see the value and another person's life, If. you don't see no value in your own And I. Know someone out there is probably thinking Uncle Charlotte.


What you mean Dolph got killed for nothing. $40,000 in a record deal is something, let me be the first to tell you. If that's your mindset, call in The Breakfast Club right now. Gimme your name and address so I can tell law enforcement where you at so they can come pick you up. Okay? They need to come pick you up right now. No amount of money, no record deal is worth you throwing your life away and taking a life. Okay? That's what Justin Johnson got sentenced to life forever. Endlessly. All right, Justin Johnson, you are never coming home. Do people not understand what that means? When someone says you getting life, that means it's over Whatever hopes and dreams, whatever creature comforts you had in the outside world, If, you like women, it's over done for Nito and for what?


As I just said, absolutely nothing. Look, I know times is hard out here, but there's no amount of money worth my freedom. Not to mention And I. Know some of y'all, like these brothers You know, are probably saying to yourself, well, they You know I ain't got nothing to live for. They ain't had nothing to live for. Well, let me ask you a question. Isn't just living enough? Why? Why do we take for granted the blessing called life? Somebody woke up dead this morning and they didn't want to die because they had plans today. So why don't we value just being alive? Goes back to what I just said about self-love If. you simply valued being alive. If. you simply valued your life. If. you simply valued just taking a breath, being able to breathe. Then you would value the lives of others and nobody could offer you some money or a record deal and exchange for taking the life of someone else.


Now, I was looking at Shade Room, And. I saw a post from the account of Justin Johnson. I'm assuming, I'm assuming this is a real account, right Laura? That's what it was being reported as. I didn't report it because I thought it was disre. I I didn't, go ahead. Well, it says these N words taken criminal responsibility. I'm taking street responsibility regardless. I'm forever the biggest. They can throw away the keys before I ever eat the cheese. That's so stupid. Now, I don't speak fluent nigga like I used to, but I understand the last part, okay? He's saying they can lock him away forever before he ever tells, all right? I don't know what he means when he says they taking criminal responsibility. I'm taking street responsibility. That sounds like one of those dumb ass street codes.


And, I hate stupid ass street codes. You know how in video games we would enter a code and it would take us to another level or give us more lives. Well, street codes are the opposite of video game codes. They don't take you to any higher levels and you only get one man in this game called life anyway. So the street code would be like up, up, down, down, left, right? Select, thought, dumb, negro. You going to prison forever are probably going to die. And guess what? You earned it. Okay? Your Uncle Charlotte tells you all the time, life is about choices. The decisions we make, shape our lives. Destiny is not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. Guys like Justin Johnson and Cornelius Smith chose the direction of their lives simply by making a bad choice. And it saddens me that we live in an era with so much information, access to so many resources.


We have numerous examples of where certain choices lead us. And yet we have brothers like Justin Johnson and Cornelia Smith who are still choosing to do the wrong thing. And for absolutely nothing, please let Remy ma give Justin Johnson the biggest hee-haw Hee-haw hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? And it feels like these should be teachable moments, but I don't know if people are actually learning. Nah, it's too many. 'cause we always find ourselves right back here. Yeah, that's right. I just don't understand why post the statement like If, you gonna stand on that and you wanna You, know what I mean? Take your time, take it. Be quiet and take it like, but why post that? There's people hurting behind that.


And I'm gonna tell you something else. Ute, my man. Shakas. Sinor man. Shakas Sinor is, is, is a, is a good friend of mine, great brother. He posted under the post that the young man posted. He said, as someone who served 19 years, I can say those sentiments will vanish within a couple of days. Reality will set in and he is going to be in for a sad awakening. I have never And I mean never met someone in prison who was happy to be there. I have never met someone who killed someone that doesn't wish they could take that 30 seconds back. If, you are living that street life. I hope you take this moment to realize how you are being used when that prison number is handed out. It won't be given to your mommy, your homies, or whoever you thought was riding with you once that door slammed shut. It's all on you from there, Chaka sing Call.


You ain't never lie. My brother never lie. And you can Yes, you, you SLU the Chaka man. That's my guy. He'll be at the fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo October 12th at At the Marriott Marque in Times Square. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY Today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hi, this is pro football player, DeMar Hamlin. You probably know my story about perseverance and never giving up. That's why I joined the team. I don't quit pro drinks. Whether I'm training hard on the field or in the gym, don't quit. Helps me recover with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins, and with none of the artificial stuff, don't quit. Protein drinks also taste great. They are not chalky and have no bad aftertaste. My signature line of cookies and cream is my absolute favorite. Get yours now@walmart.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


There's two kinds of people in The World, people who love health aid kombucha, and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try Health eight Kombucha today. Help a kombucha.