
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hey, all you women soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, And it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me, and that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one.


I'm the young one, and every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only, or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless. Listen me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew.


Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today No more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called DONKEY of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne, Who got the DONKEY of today? Today? Well, just hilarious DONKEY of today for Monday, March 31st goes to two 17 year olds named Fernando Amaya and Christopher Portillo Luna. Okay? Both of these young men are from Texas, Houston, I believe, And I want every single teenager, every single young person listening to me right now to learn from these two individuals mistakes.


See, Fernando and Christopher are friends, And I put friends in air quotes because friends don't let friends crash out, okay? We don't put enough emphasis on that. We all remember the friends. Don't let friends drive drunk campaign, right? All that is essentially saying is friends, don't let friends make poor decisions. Friends don't let friends make poor choices. I don't want friends that's down to ride for whatever, okay? I want friends that love me enough to say, no, I'm not doing that with you because it's stupid and it's either gonna get us killed or locked up. And that's exactly what needed to happen in this situation. See, Fernando was 17 and he was dating a young girl. The news report says a minor, so he's 17, so who knows how old the young girl was.


15, 16. But that was boo. That was his sentiment, apple. And he found out that she was cheating on him. So he went and got his friend Christopher, and well, if you want to know what happened next, let's go to a BC 13 Eyewitness News for the report, please. Christopher Portillo Luna smiled for the camera and refused to sign his bond conditions. The 17-year-old joining Fernando Amaya behind bars, both accused in the murder of Marcos Catto Torres Torres, who was shot to death last week, the target court record state in a love triangle involving Amaya and his teenage girlfriend, gunfire erupted at the complex uncooked road on March 18th.


It was 1:00 AM Torres was found dead outside his apartment, where today chunks of the wall are missing. According to court records, Amaya and Luna used an AK style rifle firing 84 rounds at apartment 2 27, also injuring his roommate inside prosecutors revealing a motive. Amaya at Reeds quote, threatened to kill himself and his juvenile girlfriend for cheating on him with a male who he later murdered a BC 13, reached the victim's sister who was unaware of any relationship. She said her 41-year-old brother is innocent and did not have a social life.


Now, 17-year-old young man shoots up an apartment because his girlfriend was cheating on him. Ain't no love triangle amongst teenagers. Okay? Y'all don't even know what love is. And I'm looking at this other article from Law and Crime, and it says that he actually killed the wrong man, right? So it's so many teachable moments in this situation. I'm just gonna say some things I thought about when I first heard this story. Number one, why in the hell does a 17-year-old have access to an AK style rifle? Investigators found 84 spent shell casings. Why? Where did he get this kind of weapon? Okay? I'm all for young people learning how to properly use a firearm, but Jesus Christ at 17, if you want to use those kinds of weapons and you need to be joining the armed forces second 17-year-old crashing out over your little girlfriend, you know what my dad told me when I was that age And I wanted to crash out over my little girlfriend, my dad said, And I quote, you got your nose open over that girl and she out here sleeping with you and probably every other man in Mo's corner.


That's my hometown, by the way. Now, he was exaggerating, of course, but what he was simply telling me was that little girlfriend, not yours, you 17, you know how many more women you gonna meet in your life, Fernando? Do you know how many other women would've been out there for you to meet? But thank God these women won't ever get to meet you because you needed help long before this situation. Now, I don't know, Fernando, he's only 17, so it's not a long resume there, but there has to be some type of behavioral pattern that we can look to that show us why he thought it was okay to pull up with an AK style rifle and let off damn near a hundred rounds into an apartment because he wanted to kill whoever his young girlfriend was cheating with, allegedly.


Now, the last thing that came to mind was Christopher, his friend, my brothers, you have to tell your stupid ass crash out friend. Know, let that man go, throw his life away by his damn self. In fact, I'll go a step further, And I want every young person to feel me when I say this. When you know your so-called friend is about to go do something that is going to, you know, be stupid, you have to tell on them. I'm serious. You absolutely positively have to go tell an adult. All right, Fernando Christopher, you know when, when, when Fer, when Christopher? Well, oh yeah, Christopher, when Fernando came to you and said he wants to go kill the man, you know his girlfriend cheating with, you know, Fernando told his girlfriend that he was gonna shoot up the apartment and then kill himself.


So if he told his girlfriend that, then I know he told you, you are supposed to tell your friend. No, that's stupid. You going to go to prison for the rest of your life and you shouldn't be threatening no murder suicide at 17 years old. There's so much life to live. Too many other fish in the sea to be caught to be crashing out like this at 17. And guess what, Christopher, if you think it's too much for you to deal with, then tell an adult kids, you don't have to bear any of this responsibility from your dumb ass friends who wanna make dumb ass decisions. Tell an adult, I'm 46 years old, I made all those same dumb decisions when I was 17 And I was around people making dumb decisions. But this is what I wish you know I had when I was that age, I wish we had friends who would tell us no and friends who didn't care what we would think, okay?


They would tell adults on our dumb ass. That's what I wish would happen in this situation. You know how much I wouldn't have gotten into if I had friends around me willing to tell me, no, that's dumb. I'm not rolling with that. And if I was hell bent on doing some dirt myself, they would tell an adult on me. I wish. Okay? I think about the movie Juice often, And I understand it's a movie, but if it was real life, somebody in the crew should've said, no, I'm not going to rob old man. Quais. That's dumb. That was Q, but Q buckled to the peer pressure. If Q hadn't buckled the peer pressure, I don't think still would've rolled either, but they did. And Bishop ended up killing Old Man Quill and then ended up killing Raheem at that moment Q and still was supposed to start telling every adult they knew, call the proper authorities.


Okay, friends, don't let friends crash out. Now, Fernando and Christopher are both behind bars with bonds over $1 million, okay? And guess what? Fernando, your boo, that little girl who you just crashed out over, she gonna be out here still living her life, dating who she wants to date, and you gonna be spending the rest of your life in prison dating whoever other inmates tell you to date. The moral of the story is friends, okay? Real friends will discourage each other from engaging in reckless or foolish behavior, or from making poor decisions that could lead to negative consequences. Or to put it simply, once again, friends, don't let friends crash out.


Please give Fernando Amaya and Christopher Portillo the biggest hee-haw. Mm. That's horrible. Crazy. Yes, it is. That's Horrible, man. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY of The Day. Yes, indeed.


DONKEY of the Day is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns, wake that ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step-by-step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body? You don't have time for guesswork, you need ome. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, OME delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? OME has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to ome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now, call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence test. That's star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, And it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a beardless less version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one, and every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only, or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work In Progress. Listen to Beardless List me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.