
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down the all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram and TikTok


DONKEY. Damn he, it's time for DONKEY Emini here trying to be DONKEY today. No more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the DONKEY of today? Today? Well, Jess, Hilarious. It's DONKEY today for Tuesday, April 15th goes to a 34-year-old former police officer named Edgar Verdusco. He used to be a police officer for the Los Angeles Police Department and he is the latest example of why I simply hate humans. I've come to the conclusion that what annoys me about life the most is people.


Which is strange because the thing I love most about life is people. But I like considerate people. Okay, we had Mel Robbins up here yesterday and she was speaking to how emotionally disconnected some people are from the actual human experience. And this story is just another example of that. Edgar on Friday pled guilty to three counts of murder. Okay? This man killed a mother of father and a teenage son. Would you like to know how it happened? Let's go to ABC seven Eyewitness News for the report please. A former LAPD officer is heading to prison. After pleading guilty to murder in a fiery DUI crash. 34-year-old Edgar Ver Dusko faces 15 years to life for killing three people on the 6 0 5 freeway. In 2017, the off-duty police officer was driving 150 miles an hour while under the influence of alcohol when he hit two vehicles, one of them plowed into the center divider and burst into flames killing Maribell and Mario Davila and their 19-year-old son Oscar, who was a student at uc.


Riverside Verdusco was due back in court in July for sentencing. Rest in peace to that family man dead because of somebody else's negligence. Edgar, you have to get the book thrown at you. Okay? Put him under the prison. You're a police officer so you know the law. You knew drinking and driving, the speeding, the reckless driving be vehicular homicide. You know the law and you know what all that carries? Plus your job is to protect and serve. You did none of that. So your penalty has to be harsh. Okay? And I'm taking in this story and it makes me feel, why did God give us free will? Okay, I'm glad God gave it to us. But free will. It's like a baked potato, okay? It needs toppings to really elevate it. Okay? You can eat a baked potato plain, but when you put butter on it, or sour cream or chives or salt or pepper, some people like cheese.


I'm lactose intolerant, so I don't do that. Some people like chili on it. Green onions. I've seen broccoli on baked potatoes. My point is free will and free will alone is not enough. Okay? In order to maximize free will, you need self-awareness. You need to pay attention to the present moment. You need to manage your emotional state. You need to be of good character. And you don't need to be on drugs and alcohol because those things called you to make poor choices with that free will. And what does your Uncle Sharla always tell you on this damn radio? Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice. This guy, Edgar exercised his free will to make a poor choice. And this is why I don't like humans. When Mel Robbins was here talking about people who leave the bathroom disgusting, it hit me because that's one of my pet peeves.


I hate when I walk in the bathroom and see somebody else's doodoo in the toilet. Even worse, when you see that they left the toilet lining on the seat, it's like, what type of rush are you in? Don't you know Other people have to use this bathroom. I feel the same way about drunk driving. Okay, now you're talking to a person who almost killed himself. Drunk driving when I was a young lad. So I'm speaking from experience. I was selfish. I wasn't thinking about anybody but myself. I had zero regard for other people's lives in that moment. And thank God my dumb ass, you know when I wrecked, didn't kill myself or anyone else, but more on that story, go to Amazon and purchase my first book. Black Privilege Opportunity comes to those who create it available everywhere. You buy books now I hate people. Okay?


This man, Edgar posted a video on social media with the hashtag, oh, that's the part of the story I left out. This man, Edgar posted a video on social media with the hashtag Don't drink and drive. And then shortly after got his car drunk and killed. Three people, I repeat this man. Edgar posted a video on social media with hashtag Don't drink and drive. And then shortly after, kill three people drunk driving. This goes back to what I said about self-awareness, paying attention to the present moment. God. God literally told Edgar what to do and he did the opposite.


We have all these conversations about signs. Look for signs. God put it in his head and his heart so much that he shared with social media a message that he ignored. Don't drink and drive Edgar, that was for you in that moment. It doesn't get much clearer than that gang, but you can see it because you are a human being that is so disconnected from the interconnection to the human experience. I don't care if you drinking and driving or leaving a public bathroom filthy. When you do those things, you are simply not thinking about other people. But don't listen to me though, okay? I just stopped being a sociopath about a decade ago. Mel Robbins explains it way better than me When you go into a public bathroom, two things.


I always leave the space better than when I found it. If somebody destroys a seat pees all over it and then they leave, that is a human being that is so disconnected. Ooh, from the interconnection of the human experience, you are leaving that for another person. And so making sure that you don't leave your mess for another person, making sure that you just kind of wipe down the counter. And then here's the second thing. If there is a human being cleaning that bathroom, please look in the AI and say Thank you All the time. All the time. Thank you all The time. Like that right? There is a simple thing that will make you start to shake out of that woe is me or that stress or that overwhelm.


Let them know you appreciate and see what they're doing. Like, you know, I'm can't look at you 'cause I'm gonna cry. People are just walking around disconnected and the power of starting to be the one that wakes people up, these relationships matter because they make you feel human again. The moral of the story is get connected to the interconnection of the human experience. You are not on this earth alone. Please let Remi ma give Edgar Dusko the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. You stupid. Mother, are you Dumb? Mm mm mm Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


Yes Ma'am. Alright, now when we come back, 800. Oh wait, I'm sorry. Just ignore. Just ignore it. Just ignore it. Just ignore it. He is, he's fantasizing right now. Ignore it. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. My book, real Life Real Family is out today. Gia was just joined The Breakfast Club about 45 minutes ago and we were talking about how we raise our kids and this is how the conversation went. Would you say that you and envy have two different parenting styles? Absolutely. Which is the more lenient? It depends what it is. I'm disciplined. I was the yell of the screamer because I said so. Yeah, G is a lot different. Like it, it don't mean this is true. She wants to know why. Yeah, why did you feel that way? And I said she likes to break down.


Yes. What if you don't get it? You gonna get it by the end of this. Right. Burn not trip up on them words. Exactly. So you gotta think, really think before you speak to her. 'cause she's like, all right, well explain that like I just said it just because No, no, nah, explain this. But so I'm more like, 'cause I said so she's more like, well you can't go to the mall because of this, 'cause this could happen. Explain your parenting style. Mine is my dad was like, no. And you didn't ask why. It just, you don't ask why it was what it was. You just figured it out later. Gear is a little different. I prefer the explanation. Yeah. Yeah. So that's how my parents were with me. I knew that my parents never said no, just for the sake of saying no. Hmm. Because parents are overworked and they are stressed. Yeah. You really have to take a moment. You have to take a beat.


We all have to take a beat to listen to our children and be patient. And because I knew that my parents were invested in me that way, I knew that when they said no, there was a good reason. So we're asking 800. That's good. 5 8, 5 1 0 5 1. How does your parenting style differ from your partners? Yeah, Emini here explanations are good. That's how you learn, not just in parenting. Like even just as a couple. For example, if you say to your wife, did you orgasm? And she says, no. You know, she should explain to you why she didn't. So you can make her the next time. Right. Envy. So the Question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How does your parenting style differ from your partners? Like Jess, I'm sure you and and Chris's, your parenting different or even you and Rome much different.


So, so, so we'll when we come back, we'll, we'll find out, you know, how it differs and how which one works. I, you see I just ignore Charla mate. Yes. Like yesterday for the birthdays. I'm sure y'all did two different things, right? No, no, no. Rome had to actually work. So Rome had him last week. Oh, got you, got you. Yeah, then he came Home. So that is the question. And and what impact does it have on your child? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You wanna kiss me? I could tell. I could tell. Why you talking to just like that? I'm talking to you is not fucking me. You crazy. Not fucking me because I don't even like Dominican people.


The Breakfast Club, like The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today.


Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville.