
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey, I'm Gianna Predenti and I'm Jamma Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Florida Man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. Put The, Breakfast Club, bitchy DONKEY other day with Charlemagne to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. You know DONKEY of the day for Wednesday, September 18th goes to two Miami men named Carlos m Garcia Aji, AJ Aji. It can't be a legit, his name ain't a legit. Would it be legit? He too old to be legit. And Valdo j Garcia Bento. Okay, 40 and 41 years old. Now listen, what does your uncle Charla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception.


Now today's story has me thinking about this Diddy situation because If, you haven't heard, one of the pieces of evidence law enforcement is using against Diddy is the 1000 bottles of lubricant and baby oil they found in his home that they say were used in these alleged freak offs. Diddy was having, okay, now when I heard about the 1000 bottles of lube and baby oil, I said to myself, there wasn't a dry booty in the house. Okay, not one single solitary set of dry cheeks. Then I thought to myself, well, what else did Diddy have in bulk in the house? Some people go to Costco and just buy things in bulk. Maybe that was just a bulk purchase. And I know. We was all wondering, where does a man buy 1000 bottles of lubricant in baby oil? Well, we may have our answer because these two Miami men, Carlos, and Valdo were suspects in a theft ring and they steal from major retailers like Publix, Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, and Winn-Dixie, and they got busted with thousands of dollars worth of stolen merchandise, okay?


$5,000 to be exact, including, but not limited to razor blades, fishing gear, cosmetics, and 400 sticks of deodorant. I repeat 400 sticks of deodorant, okay? That's the one that's getting me 400 sticks of deodorant. They got caught because police had a description of their vehicle, a brown G-M-C-S-U-V, they had just hit a Walmart. So when a deputy saw them run a red light, why would you run a red light when You know you got all these stolen items in your, your your vehicle? They ran a red light, they conducted a traffic stop, and then these two Florida fools took the cops on a short chase, okay? Deputies reviewed Walmart security footage and that's when they saw one of the guys stealing a pack of Gillette razor blades and when they searched the vehicle, they found six large trash bags full of suspected stolen items, including the 400 sticks of deodorant.


I have so many thoughts about this situation. Number one, if I was law enforcement, my first question would be, do You know Sean Combs? And have you ever sold him any astroglide in bulk? My second question is, I understand these men committed a crime, but are they really doing a service? See people be musty, man. Some of y'all underarms be out here smelling like weed the whole out pack. So, so many people amongst us be making right guard, go left. You make speed stick slow down. Sure, not really. I don't know what it is. Maybe at my old age, my nose is a lot more sensitive than it used to be. Or maybe everyone is trying to go natural when they shouldn't be. So when you got folks walking around smelling like funs, I'm not mad at these brothers for having 400 sticks of deodorant on deck.


Okay? They have a heat advisory today in Miami, okay? I feel like these two brothers is fed up. Do You know how many? How mu do You know how musty people must be for them to say, we have to go steal as much ax as possible? They just as fed up as the first person to invent deodorant. Do You know how fed up with the smell of armpit one must be to go home and start inventing things to prevent said smell. Deodorant was introduced in the late 18 hundreds. That means people was musty at the last supplement all through the 14 hundreds, 15 hundreds, 16 hundreds, 17 hundreds, most of the 18 hundreds folks was stinking until someone invented this thing that killed odor causing bacteria called mum. That was the name of it.


Mum, look it up. I have no idea what that means, but in my brain it registers as musty, underarm mammal. So there is a part of me that wants to applaud these men for stealing all this deodorant for people, but on the flip side, they made it hard for folks who know they need deodorant but can't find none in Miami because they done stole it all. Same way, you probably couldn't find no lubricant or baby oil wherever Diddy was at because he had it all at his house. Now that I think about it, that's a bottom trap. Imagine being a bottom going in the store to find the lube. You need to have a good night and they tell you they don't have any because someone from Combs Enterprises bought it all.


Now you are forced to attend a Diddy party just to get what you need, which is a simple bottle of lube life. Next thing You know, you're slipping, you're falling got D in your butt. What these men have been charged with multiple felonies, yo grand theft, all for $5,000 in items, they're gonna spend more than that on bond and lawyer fees. So please give Carlos m Garcia a jet and valdo, Jay Garcia Vito, the biggest hee-haw. Alright, You a wild boy, man. Thank you for that DONKEY today, How you thought about that slip and falling in the butt last night that I, you come up with that.


I don't even remember what I just said. Mm, That's based off experience, Just black out and go.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com, and when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


This episode is brought to you by FXs, the old man. The hit show returns starring Jeff Bridges and John Lithgow, the former CIA agent sets off on his most important mission to date to recover his daughter. After she's kidnapped the stakes get higher and more secrets are uncovered. FX is the old man all new Thursdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark And Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball and on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke. I'm Jess Cato, executive producer of the hit Netflix documentary series, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult And. I'm Clia Gray, former member of seven M Films and Shekinah Church, and we're the host of the new podcast.


Forgive Me for I have Followed Together. We'll be diving even deeper into the unbelievable stories behind seven M Films and Shekinah Church. Listen to forgive me for I have followed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I am Gianna Denti and I'm Jma Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit.


Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore the making of rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.