
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you


for the day. That's pretty fun. Charlemagne the devil, possibly. The Breakfast Club. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Thursday, February 13th goes to the administration at Rollins Place Elementary School in Zachary, Louisiana. I wish I knew the teacher's name. I wish they released the teacher's name. I don't know why we protect people who do harm the children. Yes. This teacher at Rollins Place Elementary School mentally and emotionally harmed a child. I first wanna send positive energy, love, and light to Jamia Augustine in Louisiana. Drop on a clue bombs for her. Okay. I'm so sorry that your 6-year-old had to deal with a lame ass teacher. And it's yet another reason why I think that if you can homeschool your kids do it.


Okay. My oldest homeschools rights now, she homeschools right now because she wants to. And we are just in an era where these teachers, they just don't care like they used to. I'm not saying all of y'all, okay, there are still some great teachers out there, but as the son of a public school teacher, I understand the empathy, empathy and care one must have for kids in order to be a teacher. And a lot of y'all just don't have it. Okay? Do we understand? We drop our most precious gift off to strangers every day. We entrust our hearts outside of our bodies. These souls that God used us to bring into The World. We dropped them off every day for hours at a time with people we don't even really know. Okay? Yeah, we know the teacher's names, but we don't know what type of time they really on.


And that's why I have so much love for teachers who actually care because they don't have to. But if you are going to be in that position as a teacher, you have to. Okay? It's an act of public service. And this teacher at Rollins Place Elementary School, you failed. All right? Who's grading you? Because you need to be left behind for what you made this 6-year-old child do. What's the news network? Eddie. W-A-F-T-A-M-T-A-F-B-A-B as in boy. Let's go to WAFB for the report please. Jamia Augustine is fuming with frustration after adults forced her 6-year-old daughter to clean up feces. Following a potty accident in class, Augustine recalls filling out forms for no dairy despite the food allergy.


Her daughter consumed milk at school for breakfast after drinking the milk and multiple trips to the bathroom. Augustine's daughter defecated on herself while in class. Augustine's Fury came when she recalls her daughter answering questions about what unfolded and the lesson they were trying to teach her child after having a reaction to something she's allergic to. You sent a janitor in with the proper equipment to clean up. But a 6-year-old kid, you're gonna make her clean up poop without gloves or anything. But besides that, it's just disgraceful. It shouldn't be going on in our school. It shouldn't have never happened. Augustine says again, when she enrolled her daughter in the school, she submitted doctor's notes about the dairy allergy.


Augustine tells us she met with the school system to make sure they stand by what they say they're going to do. Hey man, that teacher should have got beat up. Alright? There's so much about this story that triggers me. Number one, I have four beautiful daughters. One is six right now. Number two, I am lactose intolerant. All right? I feel this young girl's pain when it comes to dairy. I don't even like looking at cows. Okay? I totally understand why the Chick-fil-A cow has been on a campaign for years to get people to consume more chicken. I can't do red meat because of my high cholesterol And I can't drink milk. I'll consume any dairy products because it gives me the Hershey squirts. Okay? Imagine when it's not much ketchup left in the bottle. So you squeezing it and it's coming out and squirts and it sounds like the bottle farting. You know what I'm talking about?


We get it. We get it. Yeah. I can do ice cream, milk cheese if I do any of that cold brown. All right. Backdoor sprint bubble guts runs when you walking up the ladder and you're hearing something splatter. Diarrhea. Diarrhea. So yes, I feel this young lady's pain and what I don't understand and why violence is often necessary. This mother, Jamia Augustine told the school her daughter had a dare, a dairy allergy. They didn't listen. This young girl kept having to go to the bathroom, okay? 'cause she drank some milk in the morning when she wasn't supposed to. If you a teacher and you an adult, period, you know something about lactose intolerance, right? If you know anything about lactose intolerance, then you know this little girl wasn't playing.


There is no such thing as telling a a kid she's going to the bathroom too much when she has diarrhea. She couldn't control her bowels. But instead of having empathy and caring and being there for this young lady, you decided to tell her no enough is enough. And she ended up pooping all over herself. Kids are cruel. They will tease her relentlessly for this. Okay? And then you decided to make up, make her clean up her own feces. Feces without gloves because you wanted to teach her a lesson. Nah, we got a squabble. We we got the squabble. Isha. Her mother should have came in that classroom and knocked, knocked everything off your desk. Okay? There's all of this one right arm just, just for dramatic effect.


And then she should have knocked your head off. Okay? You got a husband, that little girl daddy should find him and beat him up too. No, no, no, no. You made my daughter clean up her own back door. Brownies with her bad hands. We all gotta fight. Tag team back again. All right? Me and my wife against you and your husband. There is no way this woman can consider herself a good teacher. And if you are making your own daughter do things like this, then you not even a good parent. It was an accident. The young girl was experiencing something she couldn't control. And that something is diarrhea. How about, let me make you a large McFlurry with Ex-Lax, then make you drink some coffee, then make you take a shot of Hennessy, okay? That's always been a laxer for me. I even make you eat some Mexican cuisine.


Okay? I'll make you do all that. And then let me prevent you from going to the bathroom. Now what? Lemme tell you something, teachers, there's a good lesson to learn from Dr. Seuss. Okay? The Lorax. Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not, you have to start caring about these kids. Please give Rolands place. Elementary school and Zachary, Louisiana the biggest haw. A person like that shouldn't even be teaching though. That ain't funny. I'm not Even joking. Honestly, because you have to care a 6-year-old about these children. You ain't let this little girl go to the bathroom knowing she got diarrhea knowing she lactose intolerant.


And then you made her clean up feces with her bare hands. She not fit to be a teacher. It don't matter if she was 10, it don't matter if she was 12, like no, hell no. I'm, I'm with you Charlamagne. Yeah, me and my wife. We gotta, we gotta go squabble up. Squabble up. Then you call your mama and call your pops. 'cause now a grandpa and grandma want to come and squabble up too. Like we, the whole family squabbling up. Oh yeah? Yeah. That's crazy. The man could you a 6-year-old pick it up? Diarrhea, nahm. That ain't funny. How do you even pick up diarrhea? I don't even like Now you can't be awake. It's liquid. Yeah, you gotta wipe it up with paper towels and tissue. You know what I'm saying? Oh my gosh. That's Why my baby is homeschooled now. I ain't got time. Your Baby is what you mean? I ain't talking about Molly.


I'm talking about Ashton. No. All right. You said my baby Ashton the damn near grown ass man. No, I understand why you feel that way. They, they grow up fast in Baltimore. Molly, Molly 12 Right now. Molly 12. First of all, she definitely is a big baby. Yeah, she definitely about to be six months. But yes, I, I can't, yo schools are just, that's, it's not it for me. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today.


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up In the Morning. The Breakfast Club. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour.


Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public University education at moves with you. Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt.


I Love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers, all roads lead to the Hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to, Yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King, and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg. We explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy. I.