
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill, try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now That's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan. $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in, in additional terms, apply.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails.


Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Your execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to do. Read. They gave me DONKEY of the day And I deserve the You need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake as Charlamagne Charlamagne. So who you giving Dusty other day to man? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Wednesday May 14th goes to a 34-year-old woman from Mississippi named Jesse. Lemme see. Jia Jia Faye Zel. Lemme tell you something man. I don't know what world we live in anymore. Okay? Stop thinking you know people because you think you know, but you have no idea.


I was born in 1,978. Personally, I believe after 1990, God stopped making humans, okay? He stopped making humans. He sold the patent. It's his product, but not his recipe because these people out here look like us, but they not like us. Okay? See, JIA went into a Dollar General with a gun. Very low hanging fruit. Okay? If you're going to take a penitentiary chance, don't do it at Dollar General, okay? I would rather you not do it at all. I would rather you not walk into any store with a gun. But definitely not Dollar General. In fact, if your brain says I should go rob this Dollar General, you should immediately change your thoughts to, I should go in this Dollar General and fill out a job application.


Okay? One of the reasons it's stupid to rob a Dollar General is because you never know how much cash a Dollar General has on hand at any given time. So you might fool around and get 20 years for $20, okay? The money in Dollar General fluctuates constantly based on sales expenses, deposits, withdrawals. It's just not smart to do, not smart to rob any place, but definitely not a Dollar General. Okay? Now, Jacenia entered the store with a firearm and demanding money. Then she got into an altercation with an employee before leaving the scene with an undisclosed amount of money. Dear Dollar General Employee Dollar General, not dying for you, okay? The only way you should end up in a fight with someone who walks in any store with a gun to Robert is if your life is being threatened.


If you fighting for your life, I completely understand, other than that, get the hell out the way and go hide behind the Doritos. Now, I'm not giving you DONKEY because you robbed a Dollar General Gia. I could. Okay? But there is more to this story. See, officers came to the store to investigate and after they came to investigate, Yesenia did something no criminal should ever do, and that's return to the scene of the crime. What did she return to the scene of the crime for? Would you like to know? What do you think she returned to the scene of the crime for? Huh? What'd you think? I have no idea because she dropped her cell phone. I repeat, officers said they were at the store investigating when Jia Zel returned to the scene and asked about a cell phone she dropped during the robbery.


Is it crack? It's got to be crack. Okay. Zel, you got the right last name because you must be a crack head ice cube. If you look in the cast, a new crack head Name, name, Zel. And last Friday we have found your person. RIP AJ Johnson. Okay? You just robbed a Dollar General at gunpoint Jia, and you came back to the store while police was investigating to ask about a cell phone you dropped during a robbery. Lemme tell you something, man. Even if you're not smoking the fried cocaine, that's normal from our era. You are absolutely addicted to this new drug, the biggest drug on the market, by the way. And that's your smartphone. Okay? Once again, smartphones making dumb people. We love these devices so much.


We treat them like they are the 79th organ in our body. We treat them like they are our hearts, our lungs, our livers, our kidneys. We are addicted to these devices. No doctor has universally diagnosed us with phone addiction, but it's obvious. Okay? All of us exhibit behaviors and symptoms that suggest a strong dependency on these smartphones. And this right here is just the latest example. Some DONKEY today just sell themselves. Please give Gia Zel the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons DONKEY dog of the day.


Heehaw, You wanna play a game or we think we gotta figure it out? We can play a game. We gotta figure it out. You don't think so? You think we gotta figure it out? Play a Game X him first. Okay, well let's play a game of guess what, REIAs? Yes. Jia Zel. Okay. From Mississippi. Alright. Went to Rob a Dollar General. Yes. Got into a fight with an employee, but then left with an undisclosed amount of money, but came back to the scene of the crime while police were investigating because she dropped her cell phone. DJ Envy. Guess what? Reia is black Damn, Damn down. I don't like how you said that so quickly. Why? Why you think that gotta be one of us?


Hm? Just a hunch. Just a hunch. Okay, Just a hunch. Okay. Jess, Hilarious. Just sent Zel from Mississippi, walked into a Dollar General to Robert, got into a fight with one of the employees, but left with an undisclosed amount of money, but came back to the scene of the crime while police were, were investigating 'cause she dropped her cell phone. Just hilarious. Guess what She is? I'm gonna say Black Sue for one. White Zel is her last name. Okay? Okay. Two. I robbed many Dollar Generals. Not at gunpoint. No, not at gunpoint. No. Don't judge it. We don't Know. But I've definitely robbed many of them and I've gotten into altercations with cashiers as well.


Because you was stealing something and they trying to stop you like It's theirs and it's not. Since I can steal some stuff for you too and chill. Wow. But, but, but why Dollar General. Why not? Because it's easy. Everything it, it's easy. It's only a dollar. I told you me And I was broke envy. Sorry I wasn't out. Hit it it like you. Since I was 10, I was out. I had to fend for myself a lot. So me and Ashley to steal. I want Jess Hilarious and DJ Envy to know that they are both absolutely positively wrong. What? Okay. I was wrong. I'm going off experience. He just judging black people. 'cause he not black. That's right. Am black. Dominican Jia is not black. What is she? She's   It's the difference.


It's the difference. And until y'all learn the difference, y'all will continue to make that mistake. Okay? Okay. Thank you. Yes. But why? She went back in for the phone when she seen the police there. I'd have just skated. Catch me. You gotta catch me. Why do we keep having to tell y'all this all the time? Niggas going? Well, she probably thought that they was there for something else. They shut up. Yeah. Honestly, she probably thought the cops was there for something else and came back and just, yeah, she wasn't thinking how? How old Is she? 34. Damn. Damn. Yeah, she's stupid as hell. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes, indeed. Now when we come back, Dr. Judith Joseph will be joining us. Oh, What? What kind of Adlib Was that? No. I love Dr. Judith. I love Dr. Judith Joseph. It is Mental Health Awareness Month.


Dr. Judith Joseph has a new book out called High Functioning, overcoming Your Hidden Depression and Reclaiming Your Joy. All Right, we'll talk to her next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, Giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon.


We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung.


Trade in and additional terms apply. I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for Therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Jay Shetty And I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve.


Join me in surprise guest for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me forward slash tour to get your tickets. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.