
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Tell them, Tell, tell, tell man. It's time for DONKEY of the day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying To be a fake ass charlamagne there only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty other day to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY of the day for Wednesday, December 4th. It is amazing the power of music. When I hear December 4th, I automatically look at that as a national holiday because it is the great Sean Carter, Jay-Z born day drop on a cruise bomb for hold. I wonder, do I even, would I even know that if he didn't make the song December 4th from the Black album I? Don't know. Just thinking out loud. Anyway, DONKEY today is going to a 65-year-old man named Richard Lombardi. Also fun fact, Dick is a common nickname for the name Richard.


Why? I Don't know. But Richard are. Dick Lombardi is absolutely living up to his name. See, there are people among us who judge you for doing simple things like coughing, sneezing. Okay, now I, don't know if this judgment started during CVID. Remember when Covid had folks scared to cough around other people? We was treating coughs like farts. I personally don't fart around people because I don't fart in my clothes. Yeah. Right. And when a man falls around another man that's flirting because why you bringing attention to your ass and my presence? Why do you want me to know what your ass may or may not smell like? My point is, there are people amongst us who are so judgmental when you sneeze, when you blow your nose. I mean, they look at you crazy. They run, grab hand sanitizer, they start screaming for you not to touch nothing.


It's a whole production. And I'm like, why are you being a Richard about this? And always remember Dick is a common nickname for Richard. Why are you like this? Just hilarious? Because germs. Germs is crazy. He don't cover his mouth. He will blow his nose and Pick a tissue right next to his iPad. Do we cover his mouth? No. He don't cover His mouth. That's a damn lie. I do no cover. Cover your eyes. I I keep telling you that. Yes. Sze into my elbow. No, you keep sneezing to the inside of your elbow. You don't sneeze into your hand. No, But it goes under and it crawls around your elbow. Just finish the DONKEY today. See what I'm saying? I simply blew my nose this morning. Just make such a production about it that people around here asking me if I'm sick, I'm like, damn. Yes. All I do is blow my nose. Okay? And the reason I need just to relax is because I don't want her to end up like Richard Lombardi.


See, Richard's 65 years old and he had a roommate. His roommate name is Frank Griswold. And Frank is 80 years old. Now I know what you're thinking. Why the hell are a 65-year-old man and a 80-year-old man roommates? Why are Dick and Frank shacking up? I think I know the answer to that. Ain't nothing wrong with being a little gay. Everybody's A little gay. That's not what I was thinking. Oh, okay. I was reading this story in the New York Post this morning, and these two men have been friends for three decades and they've been living together for more than 20 years. They probably was just trying to save money. Okay? So that means they met when Frank was 50 and Richard was 35. They clearly became fast friends and have lived together for more than 20 years. What does that mean?


Oh, so so you doing the bending? No, that's not what that means. Okay. They probably just trying to fake money. They just friends, y'all need to stop. This is a serious situation because Richard is in jail right now because he suffers from the same condition as just hilarious. He can't stand to be around people sneezing, coughing, blowing their nose or anything like that. And guess what? That is a condition. Okay? It has to be a condition. And that condition caused Richard to land in jail. Let's go to ABC five for the report. Police. 65-year-old Richard Lombardi in court accused of killing his 80-year-old roommate, Frank Griswold. It happened Wednesday at the home they shared on Main Street in Marshfield. He was cooking Thanksgiving dinner, got into an argument with Mr.


Griswold, the victim, that he did not want him in the kitchen touching the food. Prosecutors say the two argued. And when Lombardi saw Griswold in the kitchen, he shoved him. He did see the victim. Mr. Griswold near that food doing dishes said that he went over and grabbed Mr. Griswold from behind, grabbed his back and threw Mr. Griswold to the right, tossing him to the side. Lombardi called 9 1 1. Prosecutors say he told police Griswold's feet became tangled and he fell and hit his head. He was seen laying face up on the floor of the kitchen there in a pool of blood. Griswold was later pronounced dead court. Documents show he also had cuts on his face. Lombardi is being held without bail.


He's back in court next week for a dangerousness hearing. I bet he did grab him by the back. Had that man laying face down, ass up in blood for no damn reasons. It ain't that deep. Okay? It's never that deep because he sneezed over some trash ass. Thanksgiving food. Thanksgiving food is trash. First of all, if you such a germophobe, why come near me after I sneeze? Also, why put hands on me after I sneeze? If you are a real germophobe, you should be avoiding me like the plaque because I might have it also. You've been living with this man for 20 years. There's not a germ he has that you don't have. Okay? If he sneezes on some food, so what? He's probably put worse bodily fluids in stranger places all around that residence.


All right? Not to mention this 80-year-old man came in the kitchen to wash the dishes. So they had a nice couple thing going on. Somebody handle the food, somebody handle the cleanup. He was washing dishes before he got to eat. That's a keeper. And one little sneeze calls you to throw this man to the floor and kill him. Especially when you said to police, he said to police that he often sneezes. Y'all been living together 20 years. You know this man often sneezes. And this one time he sneezes you throw him to the floor and calls him to die. Face down, ass up in a pool of blood. Always remember kids one wrong move and you are done for okay. Life is all about choices. Decisions, decisions. And one wrong decision may destroy your life.


So you should think before you make decisions. And you don't realize how important decisions are until you make the wrong one. And you're facing charges of assault and battery and involuntary manslaughter simply because somebody sneezed. And all you had to do was say God bless you. But instead you let it stress you. Please let Remy ma give Richard Dick Lombardi the biggest heehaw, Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Okay, let's just start here. He should have covered his nose. 80. Like that's the thing. He's 80. Yeah. Okay. Reflex. Reflex. You washing dishes, you can cover your mouth. His reflexes don't work like they used to. Okay? So why you washing dishes?


Knees are abrupt. Washing dishes is more of a premeditated thing. You prepare for yo, You Wait, wait till you turn 80 and you just sneezing and farting and don't know when, Yo, but I'm not gonna be in the kitchen. Yo, he sneeze over the food. They've been living together for 20 years. That Don't mean nothing. Listen, if your wife is cooking and you come in that kitchen and you sneeze over the food just going, what? She gonna Go off? That would be ridiculous. I, I've sweated on her, but But won't she go off? Yeah, but that's different. You're Not the food that the whole family eat. We don't want Germs on the food and them babies eating that. Yep. That makes sense to y'all. Mr. Plague. You said the plaque. It is the plague. You, you coming. You shouldn't correct nobody about nothing. I'm correcting you. Okay? I'm correcting you sir. It just don't make no sense.


Especially if you done aid each other ass. How do You know that's with Dick and and Richie, Dick and Frank. What else it sound like they doing? Yo? Well now at least he'd be happy in jail then if this is all, this is all You, know what it is then You know. You can't say that he ain't got A problem going To jail. Forget. Alright. Can't say you can't say no. Well he Said, oh yeah. What? Eat We eating something you can't eat. Just you Can't say Thanksgiving dinner. You can't say eat the groceries the way you said it. Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about. Good. Alright, well thank for that DONKEY Today. What he talking about DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side.


If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible.


When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I, don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms in con. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold.


Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I I. Don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also send me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays.


How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.