
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen,


Make sure you tell him to watch out for Florida. Man, the craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of work. Yes, you are a DONKEY. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant whites. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. The Breakfast Club Bitchy DONKEY of the day with Charlem Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. Listen, DONKEY today for Monday, January 27th goes to Shannon Atkins. Okay? He is a 46-year-old Florida man. What does your uncle Shawla always say about the great state of Florida?


The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida and today is no exception. Look man, I said this last Thursday when I did the Daily Show, And I want to repeat it. Some of y'all not gonna make it through the next four years because y'all already, you know, lost your mind about Trump in the first four days. Okay? Today starts the second week of the second Trump administration. Last week, Trump signed over a hundred executive orders and actions and on his first day he signed 26 of them everything from declaring a national emergency at the Mexico border to establishing that it is the policy of the USA to recognize only two sexes unofficial documents, and those sexes are male and female. That's it. So when a trans woman gets called, sir, don't be mad at the person calling the trans sister, Mr.


Is president's orders. But what I need to tell the American people this morning is please remember your serenity prayer, not just for the next four years but forever. Okay? God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. Courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. Okay? Stop stressing over things that are simply outta your control. And what Trump is doing in that White House definitely impacts society, but it's out of our control. Okay? If you can't come up with intelligent, strategic, productive forms of resistance or protest to the Trump administration, then sit your stupid ass down before you find yourself in a situation like Shannon Atkins. See, Shannon was on social media doing what most people are doing, and that's garnering engagement from people's en arrangement. See, Shannon decided to say some things about President Donald Trump on social media, Facebook to be exact and let me rephrase, he didn't have something to say.


He just threatened to kill. Yeah. Shannon Atkins got on Facebook and said, matter of fact, I'm not repeating what he said. Okay, somebody will clip that and make it seem like I said it. Yep. And have me jammed up. What's the news report? What is it? Read what is, yeah. Let's go to CBS for the report please. One man arrested for making online threats to the president. West Palm Beach Police announced the arrest of Shannon Depa Atkins. The Okeechobee man now faces several charges including written or electronic threats to kill. The investigation began after the FBI got a tip about violent Facebook posts directed at the President. Some of the posts were Lincoln, JFK, Reagan, Martin Luther King, and Trump Atkins posted.


Unfortunately one is still alive. He wrote something to that effect. He also wrote another saying, bullets, please Jesus save America. Police say Atkins says he was Joking when he made those posts. He is also facing a drug possession charge after detectives found cocaine on him at the time of his arrest. Joking. Wow. Joking. Shannon, you thought that was funny. I was just Joking. Doesn't even work in the court of public opinion. So it damn sure isn't gonna work in a court of law. I was just Joking. Is not a defense and who you just Joking like that for? Okay. See, this is the performative stuff that happens on social media, but I've been telling y'all on this radio for years that the things you do online can and will get you jammed up offline.


Okay? I bet everybody who liked that post or shared that post or left a comment on that post a little 100 or the praying hand emojis or the laughing emojis. Not one of those people, Shannon, are gonna contribute to your bail. Now, one of those people are gonna donate to your lawyer fees. Not one of those people gonna pay any of your bills while you are away in prison. What you posting about killing the president for them? And that's why we say it's all performative because you make a strong statement about wanting to see the president dead only to say, you Joking when things get real? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You gonna see this one through. Okay? By the way, the government doesn't play about his president. All right? I know you might think they only acting like this because it's Trump, but though Obama received, you know, a lot of internet threats and people got arrested and sentenced to prison for threatening to kill 44 2, okay?


Now, Shannon also got caught with three baggie of cocaine. You heard that in the the news report. In my personal life, I have come to the realization that the sooner you understand people be on Coke, the less you take things personally. All right? That is very true. But that has nothing to do with the law. You going to prison And I just want we the people to be smarter over the next four years, okay? Emotional decision making will get you results like this. But guess what? Performative decision making will get you results like this too. Please give Shannon Atkins the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons You, you dog of the day.


Yes indeed. All right. He earned that one. He sure did. Yeah, clown sure did. How many followers do he have? I wonder. It don't matter fact, you got five to 10 Stack. Jesus. You know why? 'cause all it takes is for somebody to see it. And then once somebody sees it, then they report it to the proper authorities, which is the FBI and then the FBI coming to get you. It's really just that simple. Damn, okay, I Sorry, I was just playing. Y'all like, I'm just Joking, just playing. I'm just Joking. Jokey Joke. Okay, all, All right. Well that was your DONKEY of the day. Now The judge might do that. The judge might be like 50 years. Damn, that ain't plain. That ain't funny. I'm Joking. What's funny? Joking. I'm just Joking. Give him 20. Damn, that ain't funny. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft.


Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club, The new year is here, And I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my years stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery.


Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is the second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers.


So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen, People, my people, what's up? This is Questlove, man. I cannot believe we're already wrapping up another season of Questlove Supreme Man. We've got some amazing guests lined up to close out the season. But you know, I don't want any of you guys to miss all the incredible conversations we've had so far.


Emini here. We talked to Amarie, Johnny Mar e, Jonathan, Billy Porter, and so many more. Look, if you haven't heard these episodes yet, hey, now's your chance. Gotta check them out. Listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.