
With the holidays right around the corner, Macy's has got you covered from home decor to holiday fashion. Erin, make this season stylish by letting Macy's be your guide to gifting and hosting this holiday season. Yeah, you can give Love, give style. You can shop at macy's dot com or visit a store near you.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming. 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail


Execution on the DONKEY of the day is something to go. Is it a read? He gave me DONKEY of the day. And. I deserve. The people need to know need. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to? Yes, dog. Here today for Thursday, November 14th goes the 26-year-old. Woo. It's gonna take some time. Ruben Tam Ian, 39-year-old Ara Kinnan. 3-year-old VA Morad Kaan.


Oh, this is good. And 39-year-old Phi Zuckerman. Mm. Yeah, I got some. Oh, you got that one. He got excited about That. Got some names on. Yeah. I have no idea what these people's nationality are, but if President Trump sees those names, they getting deported. Okay. They sound like first round deportation picks to me. But that's not why we are here today. We are here to discuss how there is no way in hell humans are the most intelligent life form in all the universes. Okay. Humans aren't even the most intelligent life form here on Earth. It's just not possible. Yesterday Congress heard more testimony about UFO sightings and what the government may or may not know about them. How about our government needs to keep studying humans right here on this planet. Okay. Because we don't know much about them either because let me tell you why these four individuals are getting DONKEY today.


See, they were arrested after they allegedly staged bear attacks. What do you mean Uncle Sharla? These individuals stage bear attacks. Well, let's go to KTLA five for the report please. Surveillance video shows what looks like a bear breaking into a Rolls Royce and tearing up the interior. But after closer inspection, investigators determined it was nothing more than a man in a bear suit. Now four men are under arrest for insurance fraud after they use the video to place a claim. To make matters worse, well, detectives found two additional insurance claims with two different insurance companies on the same date of loss and at the same location In total, insurance companies were defrauded of more than $141,000.


Detectives executed a search warrant at the home of one of the suspects and found the tattered bear suit complete with metal claws. The in a rolls. In a rolls in A Roll. Okay. What? Please do yourself a favor and go watch the video. First of all, when you watch the video, you see someone in a bad suit open the car door. They weren't even smart enough to just simply have the window of the car down and make it seem like a bad put his body You know in the window this fool opened the car door like a human would and just started searching through the car like he was looking for his phone and you trying to convince me that humans are the most intelligent lifeguard created. Yeah. All right. Okay.


Not to mention multiple claims were filed for the same location on the same date. All four of the claimants provided video footage to their insurance companies of a supposed bear damaging the interior of their vehicles. And all the videos were in the exact same location outside of the exact same residence. Okay. Other than buying the costume and cosplaying and smoky to bear, y'all didn't even try. And what makes this situation even silly is the claims were made on what I believe to be luxury vehicles envy. Tell me if these cars are luxurious. Yes. Okay. Okay. 2022 Mercedes E three 50. Yes. Okay. 2015 Mercedes G 60 3:00 AM G. Yes. A 2010 Rolls Royce Ghost.


Yes sir. These are the cars you damaging and claiming damages on. Now, if y'all got these kinds of vehicles, then what the hell you committing fraud for? Right? I know what you're thinking. Well, maybe that's why they can afford these kinds of vehicles because they are members of the scam tank clan and that's how they make their money. I disagree. I don't know what any of these individuals do for a living, but if they can afford those kinds of vehicles, if they are driving those kinds of cars, then they don't need to be committing fraud in any way, shape or form. Collectively, they defrauded insurance companies for $141,839 and they have each been charged with insurance fraud and conspiracy. And you'll wonder why the extraterrestrials don't interact with us. Earthly. This is why the solar system is segregated and we don't even realize it.


But Earth is in the idiot's only section. These highly intelligent beings from other planets and solar systems that they was talking about in Congress yesterday. They don't wanna shed no water fountain with us. And. I. Don't blame them. Please give these names. I can't pronounce the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY of the day. You're the of all the day. The bear costume ain't even legit. It just looked like French Montana and a fur coat. Mm. It looked like French Montana and a fur coat getting inside this Rolls Royce searching for his phone.


So if you was out there, you wouldn't, you would've immediately known it wasn't a bear. Don don't know if I would immediately know. I would've, I would've glanced. I'd like And that bear moving like a human. Okay. You know what I'm saying? You say was looking like he was looking for his phone. Yes. Look at the video. He op, he opens the car Door. I beg to differ. Oh Lord. I'm Looking at now. Right now. I You know you ain't the brightest a video of a bear trying to open a car door using his paw and pulling the actual door Handle. Oh yo. Yeah, he did it. And it's a real bear. He did yo. Yeah, he checking him like he looking. What do you mean for stuff to steal? What? It's a, it is a black bear. It's a video of a bear. And he actually is pulling the car door handle like he's a, that's The same video of Jack.


That's not the Same video. He's showing you the video of No, That's not the same video. No it's not. It's not. Same random band. That's a random bed. That's Tennessee. Where the Different, but that's different. That bed took some time to do that. The bed can open the door, man, look At the other video and You know what, that's why you be getting caught in the situation. You get caught in right there because you dumb. I'm telling you bands do that. You don't, Man. No. Not like that. Don't y'all got beds? They don't do it like that. Go watch the video with a guy broke into the car. You'll see the difference. New York and New Jersey Bears is different than your beds because these beds be opening. This bear got Tims on and he open. He's actually opening the doors There. Beds up here. If The bag got Tims on, it's not a real bear in. Oh my God. I'm joking About the Tims. Oh, we don't know when you're joking or not. We've learned that over the last couple of years. You're not the brightest. So we, we don't.


Oh wow. We just don't assume you're joking, sir. Jesus Christ. Okay. If I'm not the bright, she's not the brightest either. My be. Be open The doors. You need a helmet. Right? It's been proven. Remember the last time you said about that? What'd that kid do to you? What? Put you with a yo? It almost killed your ass, Man. What are you talking about? I was in school. Knock it off a kid with a helmet. See what school you? You see what school was in? Absolutely. Just fix My piss car You know my nickname for Envy. Oh, Against It. Little Red Riri. Little Red Riri. That's what I call, I'm Not messing with Y'all today. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull lain Soft.


Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hello. It is Ryan And. I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Welcome to The World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day, you can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Bose ultra open earbuds own the gift game and go to bose.com/iheart to shop the best deals. Now


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.