
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Here at Life Kit and PR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yes you are a DONKEY To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now to new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage, Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society, but I'm also very proud that my wife is white. The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your DONKEY of the day? Well, DONKEY today for Tuesday, January 28th goes to a few individuals. I'm gonna throw some names out there. Matthew Huddle, he's 42 years old. He's from Holburn, Indiana. Daniel Charles Ball, he's from Florida.


Andrew take, he's 36 from Houston, Texas. What do all these people have in common? They were all part of the militia known as vanilla isis. Yes, they are all Insurrectionists who stormed the capitol on January 6th and they were all pardoned last week by President Trump. Why am I bringing this up today? Because we just had a Vic Swame on Breakfast Club last hour. He just recently left the Trump administration all got pushed out depending on who you ask and we were discussing these insurrectionists. All right, full disclosure, we had pre-AP interviews, so the, the day before is when we talked to Vivek. So a couple of these stories actually came out yesterday afternoon in the case of Daniel Charles Ball. That was the one I referenced during the Vivek interview, but I bought it up because there was no reason to do a blanket pardon of everyone on January 6th.


No reason for President Trump to do that because some of these people were criminals before January 6th. Okay, Daniel Charles Ball was arrested for his role in January 6th. He entered the capitol and broke a window shutter through a device at law enforcement officers that exploded, but he also has an out, has an outstanding warrant in Florida and was rearrested last week for a federal gun charge. Okay? Andrew take attacked police with bear spray and a metal whip. He has an unresolved charge of soliciting a minor and Matthew Huddle. Well, Matthew is dead, ladies and gentlemen. Okay? He deceased Jesus. Yeah, he has vacated his earthly meat prison. I know you're sitting around like Uncle Charlotte, why would you ever give a dead man DONKEY of a day?


Well, it is possible to die dumb. And I wanna reiterate that Matthew was one of the insurrectionists who was pardoned by President Trump, the FBI said he was at the capitol for several hours during the riots and entered the building for approximately 10 minutes. He was sentenced to six months in federal prison and 12 months on supervised release. But according to the Indiana State Police Criminal Investigations Division, he was pulled over by the Jasper County Sheriff's Department for a traffic stop and he was allegedly resisting arrest. You don't say a capitol riot. Rider had zero, had zero respect for law enforcement and resisted arrest. No, let's go to NBC news for the report Police, Hobert man recently pardoned by President Trump for storming the capitol on January 6th was shot and killed by an Indiana sheriff's deputy Yesterday, yesterday afternoon.


This happened during a traffic stop the police account of what happened is that the deputy pulled over 42-year-old Matthew Huddle on State Road 14 near the Jasper County line around four 15 in the afternoon when the deputy tried to arrest huddle, they say he resisted. There was an altercation that led to the deputy firing his gun killing huddle. Police go on to say that huddle had a gun, but it's unclear what led up to that shooting. Now, huddle was just pardoned days ago for a misdemeanor related to the 2021 Capitol Riot. He was originally sentenced to six months in federal prison. Once again, a capitol riot. Rioter had zero respect for law enforcement and resisted arrest. Listen, I'm just here to give people the credit they deserve for being stupid And I'm here to inform y'all, you're making your president look bad.


Now, I know folks don't listen to vice presidents. We learned that very well during the last administration, but JD Van said something that made a lot of sense in regards to the January 6th parties. It was very logical. Listen, It's very simple. Look, if you protested peacefully on January the sixth and you've had Merrick Garland's, department of Justice treat you like a gang member, you should be pardoned. If you committed violence on that day, obviously you shouldn't be pardoned. And there's a little bit of a gray area there, but we're very much committed to seeing the equal administration of law. And there are a lot of people we think in the wake of January the sixth, who were prosecuted unfairly. We need to rectify that. What the president said consistently on the campaign case by case basis is he was going to look at a case by case basis.


This is blank. And that's exactly what we did. Yes, pardon should be done on a case by case basis. And these three cases I just named are some of those, you know, cases. All right, number one, Daniel and Andrew were both violent towards police. That should disqualified him for a pardon according to JD Vance. I agree. Okay, second, Andrew was out here allegedly soliciting minors online and Daniel had a federal gun charge and got rearrested soon as he was re as soon as he was released. Okay? If Trump would've done these pardons on a case by case basis, like his vice president said he would've seen that and made the right decision. Okay? Matthew Huddle, I hate that you lost your life to law enforcement. They said allegedly he was resisting arrest. You had a gun. It's hard to give you the benefit of the doubt because we saw how these domestic terrorists known as vanilla ISIS treated law enforcement on January 6th.


I'm honestly shocked y'all didn't get shot and killed then. No, I'm not. Of course, of course you, you had the complexion for the protection. All right. Alright. The things more often did not tend to work out, but clearly they didn't work out this time for you because you're dead. Look, all the insurrectionists, capital rioters, please understand that double jeopardy in your case isn't the second round okay on the game show. Alright? Nor does it give you a second chance to break the law. I just wanna make people aware of who these people are who got these pardons. Let's go back to NBC news for that report please. This Is probably the trickle of stories we're gonna get on January 6th going forward. It'll be about people who committed other crimes outside of this. Because remember, while there were certainly a lot of people who storm the capitol on January 6th and and didn't have a like a long criminal record and might even have a a no no criminal record at all and were up of standing citizens otherwise, according to their neighbors, there was this whole contingent of these January 6th riders who had some really awful criminal histories behind them.


Emini here know domestic abuse, really ugly assaults on their, their partners and wives, child molestation cases. That's right. You know these DUI cases. There's a lot of drug problems, a lot of, a lot of alcohol problems. And now I think some of these January 6th prosecutors are wondering, you know, what's gonna be the next, what's gonna be the next story to drop? Yeah, they dropping. Just remember everything Trump is doing, America gave him the power to do okay. He was voted in as president and he has full control of government, all three branches of government. So everything he's doing, he has the constitutional right to do. Doesn't mean it's right, but sadly it's the American way. Please give Matthew Huddle, Daniel Charles's ball, and Andrew take the biggest, he all, Matter Of fact, let Kathy Griffin give him the biggest hee-haw.


Please give this giant jar of mail the biggest hee-haw. Yeah, the mayonnaise was heavy on those stores. Yes. That is crazy. I want no, Trump would pay for his funeral. I doubt it. I doubt it too. Yeah, me too. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. Yes indeed. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club, The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year.


One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now Here at Life Kit NPR, Self-Help Podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick.


Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


What have you asked two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.