
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


The best kind of help is the kind you don't even have to ask for like your friend pulling up on you on moving day with a truck, a speaker and snacks ready to go. Well, that's the energy you get with at and t's new guarantee. If there's ever a network interruption, they make it right by giving you a credit for a full day of service, proactively credit for fiber, downtime, lasting 20 minutes or more, or wireless downtime, lasting 60 minutes or more caused by a single incident impact in 10 or more towers. Restrictions and exclusions apply. See att.com/guarantee for full details at t. Connecting changes everything


With the DONKEY. It's time for DONKEY of the Day, the bunch of donkeys Around here With the He Hop. Yes, you are a DONKEY. What the hell? Hell, what the hell? You need some DONKEY days. Just sell themselves. Give it to club day. Give it to, oh man, Charlamagne, who you giving. Don't get do tonight. Well robbed for it. Now, ain't DONKEY today for Wednesday, June 25th goes to a 29-year-old young man named Michael Crowley. Now listen, yesterday there was a heat wave forecast across much of America, okay? It was record highs everywhere, all right? A hundred plus all across the map.


I think it was 103 in Chicago, 102 in New York. I think I saw 105 in Pittsburgh, 104 in Columbus, Ohio. Meteorologist. Please just put hell on the forecast. Okay? What's the point of showing us the temperature when it's that hot? All right? It's like when a judge gives you 200 years for what? Just tell me life. Alright? Just tell me forever. And the reason I'm telling you the forecast is because in this heat, you really need to drink your water and mind your business. Okay? See, we say that as if those two things aren't a matter of life and death, okay? Those two things are survival tactics. When the forecast is that hot drink water to stay hydrated and mind your business because it is a scientific fact that hot temperatures cause people to bug the F out.


Okay? Increased irritability, anger, aggressive behavior due to a combination of psychological factors, physiological factors, the body's stress, response to heat coupled with discomfort, potential sleep disruption. It makes it harder to regulate emotions and impulses, which makes people prone to snap. This is not hyperbole, okay? This is Science Fool, and Michael Crowley is the latest example of that. What are you talking about Uncle Charla? Well, let's go to 11 alive for the report please. Right now, a 29-year-old man is behind bars accused of killing his uncle over a pastry. So this is the breaking news at 11 Alive. First brought you last Thursday when DeKalb County Police swarmed a home on Loveless Drive in Ellenwood.


Now, a new arrest report shows that Michael Crowley shot his uncle, 48-year-old Roderick Crowley because he ate his honey bun. Hey, the warrant says that Michael called 9 1 1 and told police what he did. When officers got there, they said they found him in the woods nearby and took him into custody, charging him with malice murder. Oh, mental illness, unhealed trauma, the heat, and a honey bun that led to Michael Crowley shooting and killing his uncle. Now, I told you about the heat portion of this, but it is Men's Mental health month. So I have to acknowledge how unhealed trauma can significantly increase the risk of violence, okay? Both, both towards you and other people.


Okay? See, this man didn't shoot and kill his uncle over no damn honey bun. There's something else there that has been building up some type of hurt, some type of trauma that has been unresolved, and that often leads to behavioral issues, okay? That may manifest as aggressive or violent behavior that hurt people. Hurt people. I tell y'all that all the time. That's why you gotta leave people alone. Okay? Rest in peace to Roger Crowley. You should not be dead today over no damn honey bun, but clearly your nephew had other issues going on that maybe you didn't know about, okay? Or maybe you did. I don't know. Sometimes we see people tripping over something and we say, Hey, it's not that serious. A honey bun is definitely not that serious, but whatever issues he's dealing with in his head and in his heart, those issues are okay.


That's why I be on y'all about going to therapy, because as I always say, if you don't deal with your trauma, your trauma gonna deal with you. Now, let's talk God's gift to snacks, honey buns. Okay? One of the greatest joys God put here for us to indulge in whoever in invented the honey bun had a direct line to God. Okay? When you high and you get the munchies and you take that honey bun, warm it up in the microwave for about 25 32 seconds. My God, that pastry feels like a hug. Okay? It's the ultimate comfort dessert, and we don't even know what brand it was. Might have been low, Debbie. Okay? When I was in high school that Sunbeam honey bun used to hit, but there is nothing that slaps more than a duchess jumbo glaze honey bun.


My God, my God. That duchess jumbo glaze honey bun will make a diabetic risk it all, but it shouldn't. Okay? I hate that. I have to come on the radio and tell you young men and women that you should not be taking anybody's life over a damn honey bun. Now, I know as a man, Michael Crowley had some other things going on in his life. I know as a man, Michael Crowley had some mental health issues that been underlying issues between him and the uncle and Michael just was all the way fed up. But when somebody tells you to calm down, 'cause that's what happened in this situation, somebody told Michael to calm down and told him to leave the house, and he did. But if you leave a situation, okay, if you go do that, but still come to the conclusion to grab your pistol and come back and shoot somebody four times, something's wrong.


Okay? You gonna spend the rest of your life in prison over a situation, a fist fight could have solved if you would've swung on him over eating your honey bun, I would understand, because it's not about the fact he ate your honey bun. It's the principle because somebody will do something like that to you and look at you and say, why you tripping, bro? It's just a funky ass honey bun. What you mean a funky ass honey bun? It wasn't a funky ass honey bun when you was eating it. Icing all around your mouth, crumbs in your bed, talking about it's just a funky ass honey bun. If it's just a funky ass honey bun, then gimme a kiss and let me taste the glaze on your lips. Oh, what is this? Nigga is crazy. Listen, kiss Michael has been charged with malice murder. Okay? Conviction for malice murder carries one of three sentences.


Life in prison with the possibility of parole life in prison without the possibility of parole and the death penalty. Hmm? The moral of the story is a moment of anger can ruin a lifetime of peace. Don't ever let petty choices lead to permanent consequences. If you lose your temper, you may lose everything else with it, okay? You can't take a bullet back, okay? Our decision made in the heat of pride or in the heat of a hundred degree temperatures all over this country, please let Remy Ma give Michael Crowley the biggest heehaw. Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Mm. That is crazy though. Crazy honey bun. Come on.


Crazy. Come on. Crazy. It's not right. Crazy Like, damn, ain't no, but come on. No, no, no, no. Ain't no butt. Somebody died. Cut it out. You about to say something stupid. What? Raised saying no, you no. See, you always look at you. You want to, you want him to jump off and be stupid, knowing he can't help himself, instead of just putting the helmet on your little cousin and letting him before he leave, you know, you know, little red, silly, okay. No, but make sure you got his helmet on. Ain't no, but move on.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cyber security specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys? It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S SIP C, full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relax and misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


This Is an iHeartPodcasts.