
New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man Here? About the long history of sex testing, women athletes on Tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes. Every Thursday.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her. Sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm a Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want from my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wades been overturned and taken black jobs. The Supreme Court has Issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Justice, Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting. It feels like my country doesn't self me charlamagne. Now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. America Is a big reality TV show On The, Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or the white president have a problem? Problem figuring out when you're premier Trump and you ain't black, It's Enough. America has a problem. Drop on a cruise bump with Taylor made it. You Ms. Taylor. Just be in there high, just producing her little off. She be in there making it. She be in there. High off edibles just creating.


Go ahead Taylor DONKEY. Today for Friday, August 9th goes the CNN correspondent Tom Foreman. Now, I'm a person that wants to keep the main thing. The main thing I don't like when folks try to distract me, make me lose focus of what the actual issue is. So it really grinds my gears when I'm watching cable news. And I see situations like CNN correspondent, Tom Foreman, now governor of Minnesota, Tim Wal, who's now Kamala Harris's running mate, has been getting a lot of smokes the last couple of days. His political and military record are under scrutiny. And Senator JD Vance accused him of misleading the country about his veteran status because of some comments he made about why weapons of war should not be allowed on the street. Let's listen to what Tim Walls had to say about that. Hope woke up like many of you did five weeks ago, and dad said, dad, you're the only person I know who's in elected office.


You need to stop what's happening with this. I'll take my kick in the butt for the NRAI spent 25 years in the Army, And, I hunt, And I gave the money back And. I'll tell you what I have been doing. I've been voting for common sense legislation that Texas Second Amendment, but we can do background checks. We can do CDC research. We can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states, and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at. Sounds logical to me. I mean, we shouldn't allow weapons that are used in war to be on America's streets, to be in the hands of You know civilians sounds very logical. We don't want weapons of war on America's streets in the hands of civilian sounds like common sense to me. But like I said earlier, JD Vance said, Tim Waltz misled the country about his veteran status.


Let's listen to what's end of the JD Vance had to say He has not spent a day in a Combat zone. What bothers me about Tim Waltz is the stolen valor garbage. Do not pretend to be something that you're not. Mm. Round of applause to JD Vance. Round of applause. MAGA Republicans are the best at distractions. They're the best at deflecting and news networks, for whatever reason, eat outta the palm of their hands because CNN corresponded, Tom Foreman decided to fact check with Tim Wall said, let's listen. Waltz did make a comment speaking to a group. He's done it a couple of times where he has used language that has suggested that he carried weapons in a fighting situation. As You know, with your contact with the military, I know from coming from a military family, there is a difference between being in a Combat area, being involved at a time of war and actually being in a position where people are shooting at you.


There is no evidence that at any time Governor Waltz was in a position of being shot at and some of his language could easily be seen to suggest that he was so that is absolutely false. When he said that about, about gun rights out There, CNN correspondent Tom Foreman said, there is no evidence Tim Walls carried weapons in Combat. Same thing JD Vance brought to the forefront. Now that is a a point of political debate on a lot of these cable news networks. This is Leonard McKelvy Charlamagne, the guy talking. I have one statement to make about all of this. Who gives a F? Okay. I don't care if Tim Walls did or did not carry weapons of war in Combat. You know what I care about. I care about what Tim Walls was actually bringing to the forefront, and that is military style Assault.


Weapons should not be in the hands of civilians. Military style assault weapons are designed for maximum kills in Combat situations, okay? Military style assault weapons have the ability to fire rapidly and with high accuracy. It makes them beyond dangerous for civilians to have. Okay? Dudes is pulling up with choppers laying down 15, 20 people at concerts, churches. I don't think there's been a setting in America that hasn't experienced a mass shooting at this point. Okay? Military style assault weapons are the reason we have so many frequent mass shootings, okay? Assault weapons are designed for military use. The primary goal is to neutralize the enemy. They're not necessary for self-defense or hunting or any other civilian activity, but Republicans don't want to have that conversation because having that conversation means that they have to come up with some type of common sense gun reform.


But that's not gonna happen because the gun lobbyists like the NRA, are in the pockets of most of these politicians. Why CNN are you not talking about that issue? That's the issue. Okay. Fact, check Tim Walls fine. Now after you fact check them, let's make the main thing the main thing. Let's send a conversation around why weapons of war should not be in the hands of civilians. This is why I applaud Mag Republicans. The way they can deflect and avoid talking about what we need to be talking about to make cable news, talking about what they want to talk about is incredible. Okay? And we fall for it every time. I just spoke about this on the Daily show this week. News Networks. Y'all control the headlines. Y'all control what the points of debates are.


You make the stories. Could we please stay focused? Whoever controls the media, controls the minds and controls the narratives. So when it comes to the selection, let's make sure the right conversations are being centered. Please give CNN correspondent Tom Foreman the biggest chaw I used to be like that when confronted about certain things in my life. You would Deflect. Woo, The best. Have you thinking it's you? You still do that? Hey. Hey. You called me raggedy earlier. Didn't gonna tell me I did not. Yes you did. Didn't gonna say I'm just country. No, I understand grammar. No. And when you say y'all, it's inclusive. No, I was About to lie.


Go ahead. Lie I I gotta take my vitamins. You're running your blood pressure up over there trying to lie. I don't take my statin until 6:00 PM Envy where you at? Thank you for that DONKEY Today.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club, New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man Here about the long history of sex testing, women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast? Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions.


Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday. Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her, sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa.


I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. I'm Angie Martinez, and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want for my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, Welcome to Elia.


I'm Maria Tramer And, I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from poisoners to stalkers, art thieves to snake oil salesman, And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.