
At public.com, you can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and SIIC, not a bank, not investment advice.


Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal


In seven days. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and on to an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny, Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions, apply C att.com/iphone for details.


This is Dr. Joy Harin Bradford from Therapy for black girls. Reading books gives you feelings. I mean that's what they do. And with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. Like there's an awestruck whoa feeling you get when you read about a dragon flying across the sky. But that's different from the surprised whoa. You get when you read that the best friend did it and that's totally different than the hubba hubba. Whoa. When the stable boy becomes a stable man and Amazon's got all the woes Amazon books, that reading feeling awaits,


It's time for DONKEY. I ain't trying to be DONKEY today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already Did did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called DONKEY of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne, Who got the DONKEY of today? Today? Well, DONKEY today for Friday, July 19th goes the Hassan flow. He is a North Carolina man who has helped put himself in prison. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? He helped put himself in prison. Well, let me tell you this. 23-year-old Charlotte, North Carolina man committed two armed robberies In 2023, he robbed a Sam's mark in Charlotte. He had the lower part of his face concealed by a red bandana.


He's clearly watched too many movies and rap videos and of course he was armed with a pistol. Then he, when he entered the Sam's Mart, he puts the pistol to the employee and told us, shut up, I'll shoot you. He also told the employee that he just got out prison. I don't need your backstory, sir. Okay. Alright. You telling me that you just got outta prison? Does nothing to make this situation any less traumatic for me and If, you tell me that you just got out of prison while you robbing me. In my mind I'm thinking, well, I can't wait for you to go back. Okay. He got all the money out the register, probably $173 and then he bounced. So the next month he was back at it. This time he hit a seven 11. Okay? He wore the same red bandana. You didn't even switch it up, okay?


Didn't even switch it up. Same red band, Dan. Same Outfit might be a blood, okay? He might be a blood and not allowed to wear any other color. I don't know because there's no way you repeating outfits to commit robberies. That's just lazy. I can understand if it's a robbery in the same day. But this robbery was a month later. So he had the same part of his face covered and the same pistol he used in the previous robbery. Once again, he told the employee of seven 11 to give him the money out the register, but the employees fight or flight instincts kicked in and they flew. Okay? That employee ran right out the back door after seeing the gun, dropping a clues bomb to that employee. I'm not mad at him, okay? Because you just never know. So now Hassan's stuck.


All right? He's stuck. So he goes behind the counter, tries to open the register himself. His big dumb ass didn't know how to open the register. So when he couldn't get the money out the register, he just took the employee's purse, okay? Yes, the employee who ran out the back door, she left her purse behind. So he just took that boy. What makes you think she got any money? Okay, you could have left her purse right there. She working at the seven 11. You trying to rob, it's only $83 in the register and probably 13 in her purse, 23 at the most. So you just running around Charlotte, wasting time when you could be using that energy to go look for a damn job. Okay? You a 23-year-old abled bodied man who just got out, got out of prison, there is plenty of black jobs you could find.


And furthermore, I have a serious question. How come you individuals like Kassan just don't become police officers, become detectives, private investigators? Because clearly you like putting away criminals, And I appreciate self-aware people and they have nothing more self-aware than knowing you have indeed committed a crime, okay? And want to be caught. That's the only explanation for situations like this. You must have wanted to turn yourself in and the FBI and divisions of law enforcement, thank you for your service and for making their jobs easier because police were able to find Hassan Flo a week later after he showed himself on social media holding the same pistol, wearing the same red bandana he used in the robbery and attempted robbery.


You can't make this kind of stuff up. When police arrested him, they found the same gun that he used in the robbery. Cops don't even have investigators anymore because y'all do the work for them. Okay? Imagine if at the end of power Tarik put up a post like, just took my dad out, he a ghost for real. Now, in today's world, regular internet trolls on Hollywood unlocked can find your location just by looking at the, the, the trees in the background. So why would you think trained professional law, enfor law enforcement officials, cannot they done watch the surveillance video of of all of these robberies, these two attempted robberies, and then you going to post on social media with the same Outfit, same bandana, and same gun.


You think they not gonna be like, that's the guy You know if he would've robbed these stores and got some real money outta them, he'd have been online flashing that cash since he didn't get no real money, he decided to go online and show off his robbery Outfit and the accessory gun that comes with it. He wanted to be Angela Simmons so bad showing off your little pistol like it's a purse. Now you not coming home tell you 36 because yes, Hassan was sentenced to 117 months over nine years in prison, nine years of your life gone because you want to rob convenience stores. I promise you, okay, all the time and gas money, Hassan wasted going to Rob Sam's and seven 11, he could have easily walked in Sam's Mart in seven 11 and filled out a job application.


Okay? There's another timeline where instead of you getting dressed, wearing the same Outfit to go rob these places, you got dressed and wore the same Outfit to go try to get a job at these places. But no, you opted to commit a crime, didn't get online and tell The World, you did said crime and now you gotta go to prison where you might get some bananas put in your fruit salad. This not even dry snitching anymore. This snitching is soaking wet and to be wearing the same Outfit and the picture that you wore during the robbery. Do you understand there are people that won't post a picture of themselves because they were already seen wearing that Outfit Outfit before. I repeat clothes all the time, and personally, if it's a shirt or a fit, I want to promote, I'll keep wearing it until my dumb ass remembers to take a picture in it.


Maybe Hassan felt the same way. The only difference between myself and Hassan is that Hassan repeating outfits like he's a Simpson while he committed crimes, has his ass in prison. Please give Hassan flow, the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You of the day. You're the dokey of the day. Ye He got a boyfriend in prison. Mm, that's that's really the only logical explanation he had to get back to Bay. Oh, you think He had to get back? Okay. He had, he had to get back to bay.


He's missing somebody's, he's missing somebody. That's the only explanation. That's why he posted the picture of him in the the same outfits. Just to let Bay know, I'm coming home. Damn. Now he wanted to be Angela Simmons so bad. Yo, you're a clown. He Did. Well, Thank you for that DONKEY today. And up next is Angela Simmons. That's right. And we gonna kick it with her next. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club


At public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis, explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com available to Players in the us, excluding Washington, Michigan. No purchase necessary by 18 plus commission supply.


ODU Is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.