
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


meetings, Deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the


table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva. Oh man, Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY today to who now? Yes, DONKEY. Today for Thursday, May 8th goes the 25-year-old Tre Kelon price. Tre Kelon Price has been arrested for falsely reporting a bomb threat at George Bush International Airport in Houston. Now, flying is already scary enough nowadays. Okay? You go to the airport and you just pray to God that you can board your flight on time, that the plane takes off on time, no delays, and you make it where you going in one piece, even though it is still very safe to fly. Okay? The incidents we've seen this year though of planes crashing and wings catching on fire, planes landing upside down.


All that got people shook And I understand. So the last thing anybody needs in an airport is a person falsely reporting a bomb threat. Okay? We already got enough real issues at the airport that are disrupting things. We don't need people making up stuff. Now, I could give this woman DONKEY today for this alone, but no, the reason I'm giving her DONKEY today is much worse. Now, we, we don't have a news report, right? Okay, well, let me tell you what happened. God dammit, this woman, okay, Trek Alon Price called in an airport bomb threat to get back at her ex-boyfriend and also got him fired from his job. Okay? In the charging document it says 25-year-old Tre Kelon price is, is, is being charged for falsely reporting a bomb threat at George Bush International Airport in Houston.


According to the document, the woman called the airport on January 4th to report that her 38-year-old ex-boyfriend who was flying into Houston and was planning to fly to Cedar Rapids Airport in Iowa later that day was going to bomb both locations. Okay? Lock her up, all right? Put her under the jail and let Kanyes swallow the key. All right? You told police this man had a gun on him and a bomb and playing to shoot up and bomb the airport. I have no sympathy for women like this at all, okay? I've seen too many men get their lives ruined, get killed because of females like this. All because you was trying to get back at him. Lemme tell you something else, man. This man said this woman trek along, price cost him a job.


The ex told police that price allegedly called into his former job posing as a probation officer, okay? Telling his employer that he had failed a urine test for drugs and instructed his employer to fire him. Then she later called back and admitted she wasn't a probation officer. And the employer identified as a witness in the document confirmed that the determining factor in the deter in determination of the ex was the communications by defendant and the constant issues she was repeatedly causing. Oh my God, they say hell have no fury like a woman scorned. I don't know what this man did to you, but I don't care.


Trek alon is dangerous. She don't need to be on the street. She needs to be far, far away from society and civilized people because a person who is willing to lie on another person like this simply because they're mad is a danger to us. All this how you get people killed, okay? You are keeping up the tradition of people like Carolyn Bryant Dunham, who falsely accused ETT till of whistling her at whistling at her at a grocery store. Ruby Bates and Victoria Price, two white women who falsely accused nine black boys of rape, Tijuana Brawley, who falsely accused four white men of raping and kidnapping her. I have zero when Emini here, zero. I'm talking Russell Westbrook, Gilbert Arena arenas Damien Lily. Number zero. I have zero remorse for women who falsely accuse men of anything.


And I am extremely happy this woman is being charged with faking a bomb threat. But why isn't there a charge for falsely accusing the man? You cost him a job and you potentially could have got him locked up, or God forbid, killed you, told police he had a bomb and a gun. The fact law enforcement just contacted him and had a conversation and realized that he had no intentions to bomb the airport. Kudos to him. Round of applause, man. For them doing they job the right way, because they could have ran down on, ran down on him like his name was Saddam Bin Laden, okay? This isn't right, and it's not gonna stop until these women start facing actual charges for these false accusations. And I believe the charge should be based on how big the lie is.


She tells if it's a lie like this that could have got someone killed, then that woman should face a charge that is going to cost her her life. Meaning a charge that would put her in jail forever if convicted. And depending what state they should get the death penalty. That may sound harsh, but you know what else is actually harsh? Saying a man has a gun and a bomb when they don't. Getting a man sent to prison for something he didn't do. And you know what's really, really harsh? People being killed because of these false accusations. So please let Remi ma give Trek Alon price the biggest Heehaw Heehaw. Hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Sad man, that Is really sad.


Horrible because you name Trek Alon. Tre Alon. She sounds like one of Elon Musk kids. She sounds like one of Elon Musk sounds like A-A-A-A-A mobile phone carrier service that didn't really take off. Mm. You know, or like a prison. Yeah, like a Tre Alon. Yeah, like a prison Or a video game console that didn't really went, didn't really work. Probably so came out right around the time. Nintendo, Nintendo re Kelon. I don't know. They ain't got no picture. Oh, you went to play a game? Yes. What's her last name? Trek Alon Price. Price. And that price was wrong. Oh man. Yeah. All right, Well thank you for that dog. Damn. I typed in Trek Alon Price, and it said Shop All Trek bikes.


A bunch of bicycles came up. That can't be her real name. That's the name. And I know this ain't her. I know this what? Lemme see. No. Matter of fact, this is not her. I, I, I clicked images and an obituary came up. Oh wow. Ah, I'll show y'all later. All right, thank you. All right, well up next, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just got an update on somebody that called a couple of weeks ago. All right, it's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning DONKEY.


Today is brought to you by the Law office of Michael s LAIs. Soft, don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay,


have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville. You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.