
What's up? It's Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called One of Them Days from the Brilliant Mind of producer, Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes. You heard me right? SZA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh now. Playing only in theaters rated R. Get your tickets now.


Hi, I am Ken Meers, founder of Great HealthWorks, the makers of Omega xl. Are you suffering from daily aches, pains, and your joints? The Try Omega xl. It's a natural drug-free supplement and is 16 times more potent than standard fish oil and it's easy to swallow with no fishy aftertaste Omega XL works. Visit omega xl.com/get more now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember, there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega xl.com/get more.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the shadow. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Fright anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Calm man. Charlemagne, you've DONKEY the day to who? Now? Well, not you, Buster. Okay. Unless, unless the assistant tells us something else. All right. Well, DONKEY, today for Friday, January 17th, goes to 22-year-old Malaysia. Lee Malaysia is from Charlotte, North Carolina. Salute to the 7 0 4. Dropping a cruises bombs for Charlotte. One of the reasons, one of the reasons that I have chosen to be a mental health advocate is because I want us as humans to learn how to control our emotions. Easier said than done. I know, but today's DONKEY is a prime example of it's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. That's why, you know, going to do that internal work on yourself matters.


Okay? Because you can get to that place where you realize you don't have to match energies, baby. And you realize you don't have to take everything personally, because as Don Miguel Ruiz says, in one of my favorite books to fall agreements, whatever happens around you, don't take it personally. Nothing other people do is because of you. It is because of themselves. Malaysia could have used that advice. See, she could have used that second agreement because Malaysia was an employee at Wendy's in the 7 0 4. And according to store managers, a 31-year-old homeless man named Alondro All, is it Alondro? Yeah, Alon Alondro Romero. Santos came in the restaurant requesting free food. Okay? The news report said he was homeless so clearly he wasn't having the best day. After the manager provided him with a cup of water, Santos allegedly used a cup to fill it up with sold instead Pepsi, Coke, Sprite, Fanta.


I don't know what his soda choice was, but when Santos went to the restroom, the manager threw the cup away. Why? Okay, I don't know. Let the man have his cup if he wants, you know, to get free refills. Who cares? In fact, give him some of those hot fries and a cheeseburger and tell him, keep it moving. The man was homeless. Now granted, you can't make a habit of that because you will have people coming to the store doing that all the time. But if you see someone in need, at least attempt to help in this case, you didn't help. In fact, you clearly hurt because when Santos came out the bathroom, he got mad, he got upset because the manager threw the couple way. So he went to the parking lot, found another cup, and returned to the store to fill it with soda once again. Now, of course, the manager didn't like that.


You went outside and found a cup in the parking lot to fill it back up with soda, by the way, that's nasty. Okay? That is disgusting. Alright? That's how you know desperate times called for desperate messages. Somebody might have, have, have spit Flemming that cup, okay? And tossed it before they left the parking lot might have been rolling a blunt. You know how it is sometime when you out somewhere and you sitting in the car roll it up, know you got a little cup from the, from a fast food restaurant, you put the blunt guts in that cup, spit in it, you know, toss it. That's why using a cup he found in the parking lot is gross. But according to this article, he's also homeless. So I'm not judging, but Santos got mad at the manager. So then Santos threw the soda at Malaysia, who was sitting in the restaurant with the manager.


Now, when I heard this story, I said to myself, I think that's a, so I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I a illegal expert. But that feels like an assault. It's not a punch, a slap a push, but it is an attack. Okay? There is a reason Sprite rhymes with fight. Okay? That is a man throwing a drink on a woman. So I did some research and by research Emini here, I asked chat. GPT is throwing a drink on a woman considered assault and chat. GPT said, yes, throwing a drink on someone, including a woman, is generally considered assault or battery under the law, depending on the jurisdiction. Well, we need to lock up everyone on reality tv, okay? From love and Hip hop to real housewives, round 'em all up. All right? Yes, Malaysia was assaulted and Malaysia did what a lot of people do in the Carolinas, north or South, okay?


When they get assaulted, she went to her car, okay? She didn't have it on her. She went and got her pistol. Now, I don't know why the dude Santos stood there and waited for her to come back, but I guess he didn't expect this young lady to have a pistol, but she did. And Malaysia came back in the store, chased Alondro outside and shot at him three times, hit him once in the head while he was driving. Yes, this homeless man had a car, okay? And Malaysia shot the car up and hit him in the head and she was charged with assault with a deadly weapon, with intent to kill and discharging a firearm into occupied property. And she's in custody and she's in custody at the Mecklenburg County Jail under a quarter million dollar bond. Now, I tell you folks all the time, you cannot tell someone how to react, okay? I might push you and your response might be to pull out a gun and pop me.


Well, guess what? I shouldn't have pushed you. There is cause and effect to everything, but your Uncle Sharla also tells you that when faced with certain situations, you have to start doing jail math in your head, okay? You literally have to calculate how much time you could possibly get if you do said crime. You have to calculate in your head if you can afford to do what it is you're about to do. See, Malaysia, I'm not mad at you for going to get your pistol. You was assaulted. I feel like owning a legal firearm in this country and knowing how to use it is a form of self-care. But here's my issue and why you getting the biggest hee-haw? It's because you didn't do your jail math, Malaysia. You had plenty of time to think about your choice. I understand this man threw sold on you, and I'm glad you were able to go to your car to get your gun. But the gun should have been there to protect you from the situation escalating further, or maybe even the whole demand while the cops come.


I'm not expecting you to be a vigilante hero in this situation, but I just wanted you to move with a little less emotion, okay? You gotta be strategic. I understand you were upset because he threw a drink on you, and who knows what else you know was going on in his life or even in your life, but you went and got that pistol. He saw you coming, he hauled ass, got this car, and you let off shots. I can even understand that to a certain extent because he might've been going in his car to get his weapon. But in this case, according to reports he was driving off, let him go. I know hindsight is 2020 and it's easy for me to say because I wasn't in this situation, but let him go. Hell you could even let one off in the aird just to let him know you will bust your gun. But shooting in his car, three shots, gunshot wound to the head while he's driving off.


You should have started doing that gel math in your head, man. Luckily he's not deceased. But now you're sitting in the county with a quarter million dollar bail. I'm not counting your pockets, but you're 22 and work at Wendy's. I doubt you got a quarter million or the 25,000 because most, most bonds are 10%. I, I doubt you have either, but that's why jail math works. And you have to calculate these scenarios in your head before you make decisions. Addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. How long will I be gone if I do this? How much money will it cost me if I do this? Subtract your emotion from things and ask yourself, is it worth it if I do this? The answer is no. You are in jail right now simply because a man wanted a free soda.


Let him have it. It is not worth ending up in jail over a free soda and free fast food. Emini here. Come on. Like who? Who? Who would go to jail for a free soda and free fast food? Wow. Oh Lord. Play esteem Music. Okay, guys, ear, mid midsize. Mac is here. Yo, Bitesize Mac is crazy. Mid Seism Mac is here. How are you? How, how are you? Mid Seism Mac hungry. Wow. Wow. But anyway, whoa. What? What? What Mac? I know. I knew as soon as I said something about food, you was gonna walk in here. This is, I don't understand how I'll keep telling y'all that the, the big bags are biting back. Mm. Nothing is worth any of this.


And not even just because, like you said, the jail math, every black person knows we all have the same mantra at work. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm, I agree. Yeah, I'm with you. Them Fault for foes. I'm with you defending that. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm. You wanna steal from Home Depot? Mm. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm. You gotta keep, you just gotta tell yourself in the back of your mind constantly, because that will prevent you from having to do the jail math. So even if they throw the food on you with the soda on you, you still like, well, I'm the wrong person to ask that somebody throw food at me and like you mouth, It's a Game. What else? You, Hey, yo, please give, please give Malaysia Lee the biggest.


He haw Jesus Christ, man. He a gizzy catcher. He mouth. I ain't say all that. I said somebody throw it at him. What else you got? God dang Gizzy catcher is aia. I hate this show, so dang. I'm gonna open my mouth. Go threaten me with party. Been your foreplay is crazy, man. That's How you know there ain't no HR here. They, they probably like, Look, I don't get paid enough for this. Alright, Thank you g. Lizzie catches Charlamagne. Thank you for that dog of the day. Yes indeed. Now speaking of g Lizzie catches, oh my God. How I've been waiting for this day. Listen, first of all, one of our favorite guests here in The Breakfast Club is coming back to The Breakfast Club. 'cause Dave Chappelle is performing this weekend at radio at Saturday Night Live, Saturday Night Live. And so he'll, he'll probably be there with him.


Yep. And they performed this week at Radio City Music Hall. Now Lauren, you was at the show. Yep. And several other people at the show told me Darnell had a lot of smoke from me on that stage. Yeah, I wasn't there. He was mad that you inserted that photo of him sitting between Diddy's legs on that boat. Okay. And he talked about it. He made it real funny too. He made it real funny, huh? Oh, It is so funny. Well, guess what? That's his stage. This radio is mine. All right, I'm looking for River Revenge. Oh yes. Alright, we gonna talk to him when we come back, so don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hi, I am John Walsh. Do you suffer from muscle pain due to overuse exercise or aging like I did, I finally found relief with Omega xl. A clinically proven natural drug-free supplement that helps relieve joint pain and muscle soreness. Take back your life and feel younger like I did with Omega xl. Visit omega xl.com/buy now for Omega XLS BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember, there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega xl.com/buy


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the Shadow rock. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Wright, an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to no on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We want to speak out and we want this to stop. Wow. Very Powerful. I'm Ellie Flynn, an investigative journalist, and this is my journey deep into the adult entertainment industry. I really wanted to be a Playboy, my dog. He was like, I'll take you to the top. I'll make you a star. To expose an alleged predator and the rotten industry he works in. It's honestly so much worse than I had anticipated. We are an army in comparison to him From novel. Listen to the Bunny Trap on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.