
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15. Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers, other terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone for details.


Don't be out here acting like a DONKEY key high bitch key high. It's time for DONKEY of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it If. you feel I deserve it? Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If guy say something you may not agree with, doesn't mean, I'm mean Who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that. Don't. Don, Don, Don Don DONKEY of the day right there. Look at The, Breakfast Club bitches. You Can call me the DONKEY of the day, but like I mean, no harm. Yes. DONKEY of the day for Thursday, July 25th goes to Kristen Battle Clady. I think I said her last name wrong. Kristen is 35 years old and yesterday she entered a guilty plea on one kinda wire fraud. Now let me give you a little backstory on Christian.


She's a former administrative assistant at a Tuscaloosa Tuscaloosa Catholic church, and she has pleaded guilty to embezzling money. Yes, Christian was stealing from the church. So many people's tithe and offerings didn't make it to the Lord or the pastor because Kristen got to it first. Kristen stole approximately $300,000, 300 grand from St. Francis. And it's one thing to steal from the church that's just disgusting. Okay? Legally and morally, that's the place you worship. They serve the community. People give 10% of their heart earned money. Tithing, showing trust in God, relying on God to meet needs while also becoming more aware of the needs of others. They give an offering, which is just more of the same. They just tell you it means something different. Okay?


Tithing shows trust in God. Offerings are usually outta gratitude for what God has done. Same thing. Meanwhile, God like, y'all think I need money? What? What? You think God paid contractors to build the sun? Huh? You think? You think God got Mexicans patching holes on the moon that he has to take care of with a little cash? Stop it. Anyway. Christian stole this 300,000 and we haven't even got to the good part yet. Do You know what she used this money for? Let's go to Fox six News on your side for the report, please. Hey, Former church employee pled guilty in a theft investigation at that Tuscaloosa Church. Prosecutors say, Kristin Betti stole $300,000 from St. Francis of a sissy Catholic church. Dear Brian Henry, at that plea hearing and now live at five from outside of the Federal courthouse, Brian, long end here to a case we've been tracking for a while.


Today's hearing was a mere formality admitting her guilt before the Judge Clete admitted to stealing $300,000 to buy TikTok coins along with personal goods and items she could get up to 20 years in prison, $250,000 in fines or supervised relief. Christian, what you celebrating the wrong creatives? I mean, you got your creative priorities all mixed up. You stole 300,000 from the church to buy gifts on TikTok. You risking going to hell to buy TikTok coins 220,000 in TikTok coins to give to your favorite content creators, but you don't give a damn about the creator of all thingsm.


See, UNC can't handle this. Y'all okay? Your Uncle Charlotte just can't handle this. Nope. This is why I'm letting the grades grow in. Okay? What is it? The grace? I'm a veteran OG status 46 years old, born in 1,978. I grew up before this. So to be in a world now where a woman 35 years old would steal from people in the church who are tithing and offering, giving their hard earned coins to show gratitude to God, to steal from them, to buy TikTok coins, to watch people dance is insane to me. Now, I need to know who was Christian watching? Okay, who the hell was Christian following? Whose content was that fire that made you come up with a scheme to steal from a church? Okay. All right. Who is your favorite TikTok creator?


Christian. I have to know. This woman is now facing 20 years in prison, three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000. I only have one logical reason she could have possibly thought this was okay. What? Jesus must be on TikTok. Mm. Jesus may have returned on the low and got an account on TikTok, probably going by the name Jesus. Jesus. Something like that You. know what I'm saying? And he over there turning water in the casts amigos. Okay. Jesus, over on TikTok not walking on water, he dancing the ya glow on the Atlantic Ocean. Okay. Jesus probably on TikTok telling them he raised Joe Biden from the dead after the debate. Jesus on TikTok right now, it has to be, that's the only logical explanation I got as to why Christian was steal $300,000 from the church and give 220,000 of that to her favorite creators on TikTok.


Okay. Jesus must be over there. That's all I got. Okay. She's not sentenced until 1126. And I would really like to know, are the TikTok creators going to return the favor? Huh? Where is the free Christian hashtags? Where's the free Christian challenge? See, Christian, you out here stealing from the only entity that can help you at a time like this, and that's the church. Okay? You need people praying for you right now because nobody on TikTok is right now. You need the real creator, the creator of all things. And if you've been praying and feeling like it's not working, sadly, God doesn't notify users when they've been blocked. Please give Christian Battle the biggest, he haw stealing from the church.


Okay. The real creator to give the creators on TikTok when TikTok isn't doing nothing but imitating God. Okay? All they do is bite all God's designs. Speaking of biting, big Mac just walked in. You're, we didn't talk nothing about food though. No, no, but I'm, I'm part of the TikTok community. Oh, oh, oh. And I am alive or I'm a creator, so I wanted to just kind of chime in on this. Yeah. Me on TikTok a lot. Okay. Yeah. And, and it just bothers me because I don't get the, the gifts that other people get. Like I don't get unis. I don't get universes. I get people send me what's the uni? What is the uni universe? Uni is is like, it's it is an equivalent to like $550. Really? They giving away universes on TikTok?


Yeah. Yeah, because people Entertaining God created the universe. Continue. Right. But see, my issue is everybody sends me all the food gifts and they're not worth what the, the $500 They're worth like 10 cents. But I get like the gummy bears and the ice cream cones that's got and the hotdogs and the, that ain't God and the like I, I'm entertaining too. Okay. I, I deserve a uni. I'm as big as a universe. Why wouldn't I get a universe? You want cash is what you saying? I want a lion rah. How much is a lion? About, I think it's like 220 something dollars. God created lines. Yeah. You know that. And I. And also on my, on my live right now at Radio Big Mac on TikTok, we are forming a, a strip club for fat people. So every day when we go on live, we get different names.


So right now what's winning is rolls and poles and Nickelodeon. So If, you want to get on my live and and we see this. Y'all gonna Have a fat people strip club? Yeah. Yeah, because there's a lot of chubby chasers out there and there's no home for people that like You know. So the Dams fire, I'm, I'm here for big Back City. I'm with you on that. Back city, big back city is back city fire. I'm with that. I'm with you. I'm here for you. I'm here for you. What y'all need. We weren't sure if it was just gonna be big guys are big girls because originally we had ding-dongs for big guys. But then the, the community on TikTok, they told us it's, we call ourselves Team Europe. We, they decided it should be guys and girls, so we shouldn't separate them. Are you tipping dollars or food when, when the dance stands? No, that's, I'm saying they send me the food gifts all the time. Like I want, I want Lion the Crazy thing reverse about big back city, the fat script club.


Like when you order wings, they just bring you out a, a basket of bones. 'cause they didn't make it to your section all Because Yeah, Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So that's what we working on right now. Okay. Well good luck. Thank you. Good luck with that. I appreciate that. Have A, have a blessed day, man, Eric. Okay. Okay. All right. Well Thank you for that DONKEY Today. Yes indeed.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com Equal housing opportunity.


Modo us


Visit m odo.us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website part details.


Hello?


Go us@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member finra, And, I, IC, not a bank, not investment advice.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, EM emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


The 2004 NASCAR Cup series championship was won in dramatic fashion. Well, They changed right side tires only the entire wheel came off. But what happened throughout the year is what makes it one of NASCAR's biggest seasons. Here are all the stories on NASCAR live presents 2004 Chasing history, but he climbed up on the pit box and someone came over and got ahold of him and then it was on NASCAR Live presents 2004 Chasing History. Listen today in the iHeartRadio app or on your favorite podcast platform.