
Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games, and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The Governor of California, Kevin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What Is politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World Podcast by podcast. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends And. I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Deer? Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. You gave me DONKEY of the Day. And I deserve it. People need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it.


You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlemagne above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving D today to now? Well, sexy Red DONKEY today for Tuesday, August 6th. It is Tuesday, August 6th, right? Lemme, lemme make sure Yes. Goes to a 30 5-year-old man named Rashan Shawa. No Rashan Shawa Aju. I don't know if I pronounced this man's name right, but let's get to the story. Rashan is likely headed for trial according to LA County. Superior Court records because he was arrested on October 18th. What was Rashaan arrested for? Well, he was arrested because he was accused of trying to steal a hash brown at gunpoint from a McDonald's. I repeat.


He was accused of trying to steal a hash brown at gunpoint from a McDonald's, not even with a real gun. Okay, A replica pistol. See, y'all think I'd be lying but you can look this up. The victim reported that Rashaan arrived at the third window in the drive through line and demanded a third hash brown after ordering two. Okay, big back behavior. The employee of the McDon, the employee of the McDonald's, let the suspect know that he only paid for two and the suspect Rashaan told the McDonald's employee, don't you f with me while using the employee's name from his name tag. So let's just paint the picture. If the guy's name that worked at McDonald's was Calvin Rashaan kept saying, don't you F with me Calvin. Well, clearly he thought Calvin was still effing with him.


So he rashaan or Rashon went to his vehicle, pulled out a firearm, the fake gun, a prosthetic pistol, If you will a silicone scrap A GMO gat. He pointed this impossible piece, this beyond biscuit at the employee and said These hash browns ain't dying for you. He didn't really say that, but in my mind that's how he was bringing it. Okay? But he did point the firearm at the victim's chest and the McDonald's employee said he gave up the third hash brown because he was in fear of his life. You think? And can you believe Rashaan had a wife, investigators identified the SUV that he was driving and it was registered in his wife's name. Right? They served a search warrant on their home and the victim positively identified Rashaan out of a lineup in deputies found a black Glock 19 style compressed air fired pistol during their search of the Canyon County home.


This man had a house, a SUV and a wife and he robbing people for hash browns. Now he's facing two to five years in prison. The judge denied a motion by Rashad's counsel. They wanted a mental health diversion for him citing the aggravating and mitigation factors. I don't even know what that means, but I do believe Rashaan is dealing with some type of mental health issues. 'cause you don't flip out like that over no damn hash brown. A hash brown and you already had two. Okay, Robin, a McDonald's for a hash brown. It is like sticking up a Starbucks for a free wifi code. Okay? It's like robbing a seven 11 for a free Slurpee refill. If, you are gonna commit a crime, at least steal something that doesn't cost less than your bus fair home.


And you ain't even need bus fair because you U Okay, who the hell wants to spend two to five years in prison? Because they committed grand theft breakfast. All right, nobody in prison gonna take you serious. Your cell asks you what you in for and you say stealing hash browns. Then your cell turns to you and says your ass brown. Okay? That's what things can get tricky, right? All right, Robin McDonald's for a hash brown. How hungry do you have to be to risk five to 10 years for a dollar menu item? Okay, now there is a part of me that respects the basicness of it all though. Okay? Rashaan walked into a McDonald's with a GMO gat and what did he demand? Not the hot cakes. Not a sausage biscuit. Okay? By the way, McDonald's, it's 2024. Can we get chicken sausage biscuits, Turkey sausage biscuits please.


No pork on my for, but he he, he didn't want either. Rashaan didn't want any of that. He wanted a hash brown. You gotta respect the simplicity. Forget what's in the cash register. He wanted that fried potato. Okay? Who knew you could turn Big Mac breakfast cravings into a felony? Now I have the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee. We don't have the wobble in there, do we? I like whenever he walks in. And, I want the wob to play W wobble. Head baby wobble, wob, wob, wobble You know anything concerning food? Big Mac wants to weigh in because You know he can break the scale. The floor is yours. I Hate short people man. I hate short people all the time. But I, I had to speak on this one because as the president I knew you was gonna shame this man.


And that's because you always looking at it from the the skinny committee. Talk to me. You not looking at it from the other side of it. Okay, first off, do You know how much hash browns are these days? How Much? $3 and 49 cents for One hash Brown one. I don't believe that. Lemme look that up. Changes is now, huh? Dang it. So he didn't rob McDonald's for a hash brown. He paid for three because hash browns used to be a dollar 3 49. Look, look. Do your research. You see that? See? Yes. Jesus Christ. Y'all not y'all not part of it. I get the emails all the time, every time they change it. Damn. So he ain't robbed that. I used to pay a dollar for it. So technically when he got his receipt saw $3 he said, oh wait a minute. I didn't pay for three hash browns.


I only got two. Let me pull up, let me get that other One. Well that wouldn't make no sense 'cause he bought two. So then that way that'd be like almost $7 Until he saw his receipt said, oh, they charged me for three. I gotta go back around. Lemme get that third one. Well, Technically If you see $7. That'd be they would charge him for like seven or eight based off your, the logic you use. Right? But he's probably was getting frustrated. 'cause You know the gas prices is high too. So he's like, I'm not gonna keep looping around. That's why he pulled the gun out. Mm. I'm more mad that he kept the gun for the cops to find him than he is about doing the hash brown thing. Please give Rashan Rashan I'll iju. Wanti the biggest. He hu. Okay. Matter of fact, give him some sweet sounds in the hammer tones too.


You're the DONKEY of the day. You're the DONKEY. No, no And I. Don't. No, I'm taking the DONKEY back, don't you? No, you, you do. You do God's work, sir. You're still standing here like you in line at the cookout. Okay. Why you still here, right? Your plate is full. I'll be mad 'cause you gotta sit at the kids' table. Damn. You don't think McDonald's should get a little bit of that for hash Browns being three 19. Yes. And then You know they don't sell it all day like some of the other breakfast items.


So he was probably like, damn, I only got like 30 minutes. Let me swing back around real quick. And then the, what'd you say Charles or Chuck? That everybody tried to be a hero. Calvin. Calvin. Everybody tried to be a hero when they worked the fast food. Just give me the damn hash Brown You know there's headlines about this. Like $3 for a single McDonald's hash brown. Yeah, That customers fed up and pushing back. You're welcome. This is on Cake. This Is from February, 2024 afl. That's crazy. Yeah. Wow. I can put you all on the email chain if y'all want. Nah, I'm good. You sure? Yeah, I'm good. It's easy. No, I'm all right. Big bag snacks@gmail.com. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today, sir. Mac Is voting for whoever can lower the price of hash browns at McDonald's. Come on.


That's why. That's why Michelle was doing all that healthy food. I said, wait a minute, Michelle Obama, you got it. You got it. Goodbye McElroy. Goodbye. You want Tatu for Trump or Hash Brown for Harris? Which one? Which one you want? Now when we come back, Edgar Langa will be joining us. Of course. He's fighting Canelo Alvarez on September 14th in Vegas. So we gonna kick it with Edgar Balanga when we come back. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The, Breakfast, Club. Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause lit a fuse that would change my life and so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician.


What does Politician even mean? There's bridging gaps With no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change. The World podcast by podcast, You talk. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening. In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends, and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events.


Hear the story on Where's Dear Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts, Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Raso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.