
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


We Went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids find childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner and hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality. Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that Don, Don, Don Don. DONKEY. DONKEY. Other the day right here. Yo, The Breakfast Club bitch. You could call me the DONKEY of the day, but like Emini here, no harm.


I don. My ain't working. Here you go. Hold on. DONKEY. Today from Wednesday, May 28th, goes to a teacher in Alabama named Tracy Walker. Tracy is 56 years old and she is charged with aggravated child abuse. What did Tracy do to somebody's child? Let's go to Fox 10 News for the report please. A judge today setting a $25,000 bond for mobile Connie Public School teacher accused of giving a drink containing ethanol to a 4-year-old student. The Collins Road Elementary School student was rushed to the hospital back in April where doctors say she had a blood alcohol content level of 0.28.


The judge ordering the defendant Tracy Walker, to submit to a drug and alcohol test as a condition of her bond. Her attorney asked the judge for a reasonable bond and argued that she's an achieved 10 year employee with a bachelor's and master's degree from the University of South Alabama. I don care. With no criminal history. Nope. Walker is due back in court for an arraignment. She has been placed on administrative leave Since when our jello shots, proper school supplies. Okay. Tracy didn't just cross the line. She took her whole class on a field trip over the line. Okay. Why do y'all like playing with other people's turn? All right. This is why, you know, those of us with kids suffer from parental paranoia right now because of sick, evil, twisted people like Tracy Walker.


Okay? Don't tell me that she didn't have no past criminal record. That just means she was getting away with stuff. All right. You are a teacher. Your primary duty is to facilitate student learning and understanding by imparting knowledge and creating a positive learning environment. But no, Tracy, you wanna turn kindergarten into happy hour? Okay. Four years old. I don't think that's kindergarten. That's pre-K. All right. She's supposed to be in there teaching life skills. Okay. Not mixology. All right? Teachers are supposed to create a positive en environment for students. The problem with Tracy is she's 56 years old. So when she thinks positive environment, she thinks festivities, she thinks drinks, she thinks food. Hell, Tracy probably drunk her damn self. Okay? She didn't bring that drink for the kids.


She bought that drink for herself. And she did that to that 4-year-old. Well, she did to that 4-year-old, which somebody did to her when she was young. Okay? And that's, let her get a little sip. Raise your hands if an if, if an adult in your life let you get a little sip of some alcohol when you was a child. Okay? I'm talking kids in single digits. All right. Envy raised their hand. Just raised their hand. Reg, did you raise your hand? I know you did. You Puerto Rican. Okay. Coquito. You was drinking Coquito at five. Okay, now I'm not gonna say who the adults were in my life. That would let me get a sip of Budweiser. Okay? The king of beers, because I don't want to incriminate anybody, but that was a regular occurrence in the slums I'm from.


But that doesn't make it right. Okay? When you know better, you do better. And Tracy, you got to know better. You can't be given no 4-year-old alcohol, especially a 4-year-old that has no family ties to you. Okay? IEP is supposed to stand for individualized education plans, not into every preschooler. Okay? This young girl is four. She won't be old enough to drink for another 17 years. Do you know what you could be doing to this young woman's brain? You know what you could be doing to this young woman's liberal? The only thing more under the influence than the students was the teacher's judgment. Okay? I know Tracy had to be drunk too. Okay? They even think this was a good idea. She had to be drunk. Now, lemme tell you another part of the story.


Tracy Walker is a special education teacher. Sounds to me like she should have been a student, okay? What's crazy is in Alabama, if you're a special education student, you're entitled to what they call free, appropriate public education until you turn 21. I knew that because I remember being in high school and they would always say the special education students graduate at 21. So if you want to drink with kids, Tracy, all you have to do is wait 17 years. And it's sad because if it is a kid with disabilities, you are getting them drunk and getting drunk messes with your cognitive functions. And some of these poor kids already have cognitive impairment. That's why they in special ed, okay? Memory, problem solving, attention, all of that is not functioning at the expected level for their age.


And you give them alcohol, come on, those poor parents don't know what the hell going on. Okay? You making an already tough situation, tougher. And for what the moral of the story is, if the golden rule is due unto others as you would have them do unto you, then the platinum rule should be to treat other people's kids the way you would want someone to treat yours. Especially if you are a teacher. Please give Tracy Walker the biggest, he h what's wrong with people? That's crazy. And I will say in my father's defense, I was like four maybe as well. And I used to stay up late four. Like yes, I was four years old. And you know how you a kid be like looking, looking at something and trying to try it or whatever?


Yeah. And I tried it and he was like, all right. He tried it. 'cause Emini here, he let me try. 'cause he was like, all right, now, now you don't like it, do you? I spit it out, but I kept drinking it. Yeah, it was beer and it wasn't liquor. It was beer. Yeah, That's what I, that was my first sip. My first sip was Budweiser, the king of beers. How old were you though? Single digits. Definitely. Okay, see, how old Were you? I think I was a little old. I think I probably like 10. But Tequila 10? No, it was Heineken. Oh, Heineken. Okay. Y'all drink Heineken on that? I thought y'all drank Corona. I'm not you all Spanish. I'm not Latino. But it was Heineke, but, but dad did the same thing. Gave me a taste And I spit it right out. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. But I went over And I picked it up voluntarily. I was like, mm. He was like, all right, go ahead, try it. You ain't gonna like it. And I didn't.


He gave it to you. Y'all parents gave it to y'all. That Was the same thing. I was like, dad, how's the taste? You gotta try it. And I ain't say it was my parents. Y'all the only ones incriminating. Y'all parents. My dad's 85 years old. He don't give 'em, They'll still Lock 'em up. Yeah. All try. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY today. But you, so you spit it out back then. Oh my God. Oh, I'm asking, and what did you Do? He was not gay when he was little. Did you swap? Who y'all talking about? He said you spit it out. I'm asking. So you spit because you, you still have a taste for alcohol. You, you, you drink Now did you swallow yours or did you spit it out? Alright, see, throw back on your ass. Pause. I know that that's what you wanna be you been trying to do was a years s Right. Drink water.


Now. The way he be like, listen, handling that girthy bottle like that. Two hands on it. Yes. If Big Gulp was a person, honey, I know that Right? My goodness. All rights. Thank you for that dog here today, DONKEY


Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club, We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B-cell A LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into Hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay.


St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner and hope today by visiting Music gives.org. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here, Diddy's former protege television personality, Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real.


I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Made for This Mountain Podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during Mental health Awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline. He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.