
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste at moves. You scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024 to Coca-Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


It's time for don't give Dick. We in the not shutting down, we in the, the craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the pool. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange News? If I catch all asy traffic, I whisper my, y'all gonna say It's just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Oh Lord. DONKEY, today for Wednesday, September 4th goes to a general surgeon by the name of Dr. Thomas Shaq Noki and the hospital's Chief Medical Officer, Dr.


Christopher Bani. Now, what does your Uncle Shawla always tell you about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida, and today is no exception. Now rest in peace to William Bryan who was visiting Florida from Alabama. Yes. Him and his wife were visiting their rental property in Okaloosa County when he suddenly began experiencing lower left abdominal pain. So they did what anybody with a liquor sense does in a situation like that. They went to the hospital to see what the issue was. Okay, the Ascension, sacred Heart and Road Coast Hospital in Walt CNN County, where he was admitted for further observation over concerns about an abnormality of spleen. Well, Dr. Thomas Shaki and Dr.


Christopher McConney persuaded, persuaded the family who was described as reluctant to undergo surgery at the hospital, or he could experience serious complications if he left the hospital. So Brian, who was 70 years old, agreed, and the doctors underwent a hand assisted laparoscopic sp splenectomy procedure. Then that surgery got some names on them. Now in the middle of the surgery, Dr. Shaki removed Brian's liver by transecting the major VAs tour supplying the liver. I know this story. Hate to see you come in. I'm telling you, Jesus, I I, I don't, I don't know what any of that means, but this is all you need to know.


The liver had nothing to do with nothing. Okay? The doctor mistakenly removed the man's liver. It was the wrong organ, okay? And the surgical cut resulted in immediate and catastrophic blood loss resulting in death. Then the doctor labeled the liver as a spleen, okay? They didn't identify it as a liver until after the man's death. Then the doctor tried to explain to the man's wife, Beverly Bryan, that her husband's spleen was so diseased that it was four times bigger than usual and had migrated to the other side of his body. Now this is, this isn't even the doctor's first rodeo with this kind of stuff. Back in 2003, he had a, he had a wrong site surgery where he supposedly removed a portion of a patient's pancreas instead of performing the intended adrenal gland resection.


And the case was settled in confidence. I don't even know what that means either, but I need to know why would anyone be confident in Dr. Shaki after repeatedly committing medical malpractice like this? I've told you all before, there are certain jobs that just don't allow you to make mistakes because those mistakes can cause someone their life. Police officers and surgeons are absolutely at the top of that list. And not only should Dr. Shaki be sued for everything he's got, his license should be taken away. He shouldn't be allowed to dissect a frog in a middle school classroom. Okay? His wife, Beverly Bryan, has retained a law firm to get justice for her husband and is hoping the general surgeon no longer treats patients. She said And I agree with her. She doesn't want anyone else to die due to his incompetence and they should have known or knew he had previously made drastic life altering surgical mistakes.


Now, I know y'all might not believe nothing I say because I can't pronounce anything And, I have a lisp. But let's listen to Beverly's lawyer tell to tell. We've got a client that underwent a surgery that was supposed to be a spleen surgery spleen ectomy, where they remove your spleen 'cause you don't technically need your spleen to, to lift. And the physician mistook his liver for the spleen, which is obviously on the other side of your body, and removed our client's liver, which unfortunately killed him on the table there and, and then proceeded to call a spleen. Once we got the case this week, we looked into this gentleman's background. His name is Doctor, we'll put his picture up.


His name is Dr. Shaki. Once we did some research into him, we found out that this was not the first time he had done a wrong site surgery. And in the recent past, the last two or three years, he actually operated on somebody and he was intending to take out an adrenal gland and he ended up taking out part of the pancreas of another patient. Now, north Walton Doctors' Hospital has disassociated itself with shaky and have removed all photos and references to the doctor from its website and all the hospital got the offer. The family, right now it starts and prayers and would you like to know what was actually causing into pain? What? What? He had a small cyst on his spleen.


Wow. Some DONKEY today just sell themselves. Please give Dr. Thomas Shaki and the hospital's chief medical officer, Dr. Christopher pe the biggest haw Damn. All because he mistook a liver for a spleen. Lord have mercy. I said out doctors are really, they're human in. They're trial and error and they're testing and they're, they studying books like some stuff You know your Body. Yeah, But There's certain things you, you should know that if you're a doctor, know the difference between your a liver and A spleen. No, I'm trying to tell you, you'd be Surprised. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LA and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side.


If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock.


Right on. Now, back to the Funk. This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide In The World where TikTok didn't exist yet. That the comedy of a Mexicano across Borders I the Heart of America.


Sonoro. ER Hearts. Michael Cultura podcast Network Present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Na iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts. How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Akila Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast Rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I was a lady rebel. Like what Does that even mean?


It's right here in black and white in Prince Alliance. It's bigger than a flag or mascot. Listen to Rebel Spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season y'all. And we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers. And we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season.


Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.