
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win on August 22nd. I think gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. We don't Follow the right plan. We lose The his series. Reasonable Doubt returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster Starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Loving. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and where conditions, towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always take secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex cam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on at t. At and t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S node and Z series. Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an at t store for details.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit mic D app for details.


It's time for DONKEY of the day. It's a re, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass. Charlamagne Charlamagne Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving dust here today to now? Well, sexy red DONKEY today for Monday August 12th goes to a Michigan man named Darryl James. Now Darryl James was in court for a simple misdemeanor trespassing charge. Now I did some research and by research I mean I asked Chad, GPT And. I asked Chad GPTA simple question. How much time does a simple trespassing charge get you in Michigan? First thing Chad GPT told me was it's a misdemeanor. We knew this already, and you can get a fine. That can range from a hundred to $500 depending on the severity of the case.


Okay, jail time. It says verbatim. While jail time is not common for simple trespassing, it is possible in some cases the maximum jail sentence for a trespassing misdemeanor in Michigan can be up to 30 days. The third offense is probation. So instead of, or in addition to fines in jail time, the court might impose probation during which the person must comply with specific conditions set by the court. I'm telling you all of this so you can understand how ridiculous Darryl James is. Okay, see, Darryl went to court for the misdemeanor trespassing charge. Something he probably would've gotten a fine for. Like I told you, those fines range from a hundred to $500, but instead he ended up with almost a year and a half in jail. Would you like to know how this happened?


Let's go to CBS Detroit for the report please. This court hearing has gone viral after a trespassing suspect landed himself in jail, For nearly two otherwise unnecessary years. Yeah, Kelly. So it was all over an angry outburst at a wash denial county judge. Just everyone take a listen. It's trespassing. I could technically leave and you guys could issue a warrant. As long as I don't return, you can kiss my, this is You. know what? You know. No, no. I'm gonna tell you what, you don't come in. You don't? Okay, that's contempt. That's 93. Keep going. That's another nine three. That's another 93. That's another 93.


Damn, that's another 93. That's six 90 threes consecutive Is Darrell Gerald, who you heard swearing at Judge Cedric Simpson and he was in court over a misdemeanor trespassing charge. Just as the judge was about to adjoin, Gerald decided to give him a piece of his mind. That's right. So the total penalty, 558 days in jail. When keeping It real goes wrong. Whoever controls his mouth protects his own life. Okay? Whoever has a big mouth come to ruin, alright? Comes to ruin in life. You have to know when to shut the F up. Okay? We make our lives so difficult for no reason by simply not knowing how to shut the F up.


I know You know who told Darrell that he could, I don't know who told Darryl he could go in that courtroom and play with the judge like that. But you told him wrong. Okay? Do you understand that in this moment when you in the courtroom in front of the judge, that judge is literally determining your future? Okay? Darryl, you may not believe this, you may not even understand this, but let me be the first to tell you that judge did nothing to you. You mad at The World, you upset about how your life is going. So you decided to project in that courtroom. I understand you being tired of the state. You may. You, you, you're in. Okay? You may need a change of scenery 'cause that's what he told the judge. F this state, I'm tired of this state. I'm ready to leave this state. All those things might be true and You know, leaving the state may be the best thing for you.


Changing your environment creates new, new opportunities. I'm not mad at none of that, but those have should have been all inside. Inside thoughts, okay? Telling them people to kiss your ass will only lead to your ass being kissed in a jail cell. Alright? You tell everybody in that court to kiss your ass and suck your D, all the judge going to do is say word. That's what you into. I'm not into that, but I can send you somewhere where there's a whole lot of that going on. All right? Darrell told the judge F you repeatedly. the judge said, oh, it's mother f me. No, it's mother F you. And I'm gonna send you somewhere where it's a whole lot of effing of you going on. Okay? There's absolutely zero reason to argue with a judge.


Arguing with a judge is like arguing with your GPS, you're still going to end up where they want you to go. And in this case, Darryl Miller is going to prison for 558 days because he decided to cape at rail. Listen to your Uncle Charlotte. Kids life is about choices, all right? Some we regret, some we're proud of, some will haunt us forever. The moral of the story is we are what we chose to be. And Darl chose to be a jackass, some DONKEY of today just so themselves. Please give Darryl James the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the DONKEY.


I feel no, no pity for him whatsoever. You should learned a long time ago. He earned every bid of them 558 days. Every single one. You Don't play with them. People Not at all, not tell me. Thank you Laura. For What? Just say thank you for DONKEY today. No, But no, I need that to move on. I've been spending, come on, just say it. I Dunno if I wanna thank you for anything. Oh My God, man, I Just dunno how I feel about gratitude Too. Say that. Say, say. That was DONKEY of today, Right? That was DONKEY today. Thank you for your service. That's right.


DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


No Modo us. Visit m Mod do do us for the best free place Social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette, and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited, play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello, Go. I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No Purchase necessary BGW Group Void or prohibited by law 18 plus Terms and conditions. Apply


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details.