
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hear that? That's the beginning of a journey, powered by the confidence that comes from driving a vehicle so reliable. It's backed by a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty where your journey ends. Well, that's up to you. Visit your local Kia dealer today. Kia movement that inspires. See retailer for warranty details always drive safely. Limited inventory available.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on The really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the bathroom door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go To really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Breakfast Club Bitches Who's don't give the day today. Well, ed Cheering DONKEY today for Friday, January 10th, goes to the Governor of Texas. Greg Abbott. I don't know how I missed this one, but man, it's good. See, we live in a society where there's a lot of fake caring that goes on in The World. People wake up every day waiting for the algorithm to tell them what to care about. And when someone dies, especially when someone dies, it brings the fake caring outta everybody. Okay folks, start digging up pictures they have with the person who passed. Doesn't matter if the picture was taken 20 years ago and that picture was the one, only time they met this individual, they will post that picture with some fake deep caption acting like they were so close and acting like they cared about the person so much. Bye humbug. Okay, you don't really care.


You just see the person trending and want to be a part of this part of the trending topic, part of the story. But when it comes to Governor Greg Abbott, this is a case of when fake Karen goes wrong. Okay? We all know President Jimmy Carter has passed away, right? He was the reason the post office was closed yesterday. I learned that the hard way. 4:20 PM I pulled up to the post office tugging on the post office door wondering why it was locked. Me too. You did that? Yeah. I had to go to a FedEx. Well, we learned the hard way. And then I read the sign on the door. We are closing observance of Jimmy Carter's funeral. Okay? But Jimmy is dead. He's passed away. And Governor Greg Abbott fake cared about it. He fake cared about it so much that in a now deleted post on X, he paid tribute to President Carter and said he and his wife send our prayers and deepest condolences.


The First Lady, Rosalyn Carter and the entire Carter family. That's what you should do, right? Well it's one problem with that. Let's go to a BC news tent, see what the problem is. And tonight we're looking into an embarrassing mistake following the death of former president Jimmy Carter. A story you may have heard claims Texas governor Greg Abbott sent condolences to Carter's wife Rosalyn, who died in 2023. And this one folks is true in a sense. Deleted post on X, Abbott paid tribute to Carter and said he and his wife, quote, send our prayers and deepest condolences to First Lady Rosalyn Carter and the entire Carter family. Rosalyn Carter died in November, 2023 at the age of 96. Jimmy Carter passed away last Sunday at the age of a hundred, making him the longest living president in American history.


Go. I think it's safe to say when it comes to President Carter, Greg Abbott don't give a damn. He don't give a F. Okay? Governor Greg Abbott said him and his wife wanna send our prayers and deepest condolences to First Lady Rosalyn Carter. As you just heard, Rosalyn's been dead since 2023. Okay? This is what happens when you fake hair. Okay? Now granted Rosalyn was, you know, 96, so when you 96, you know when you at that age, yeah, when you die, people be like, damn, I thought they been dead. Okay. And I understand why he deleted the tweet because it is embarrassing. This is like in the 19 hundreds when you were making a yo Mama joke and the person tells you that their mother is dead.


You know, go. This is embarrassing. Like, you know, asking a woman, when is she due? And she's not even pregnant. She's not even pregnant. I did that one time. Never again. Or when you see a fat person losing weight, this is recent. You know, you see a fat person losing weight and you'd be like, Ozempic. You know what I'm saying? I did that. Nah, Don't he did that. That's how said I did that this morning. Yeah, you What you who did that to? Can I do that? Oh, who be talking about play the music? You ain't gonna play his music. Speak of the dieting devil. Always. You ain't gonna play His music. Not so Big Mac is In the room. Robert not so Big Mac is hilarious. Yeah, he not even that big no more. He, because he's the king.


He's the one that said it to me. He's, Hey man, that is Ozempic hit. And I said, I'm not on Ozempic. Somebody at the store asked me, you know, what was my surgeon's name? And I said, I didn't get the surgery. This, they said that to you? Yes. Literally deal. It happens all the time. What New Year? That's like how we, you'll keep asking envy about his new nose. No, that really happened though. He had the surgery. I did not have no surgery. You didn't have surgery on your nose. That was the horrible Job. No, they cleaned out the polyps. You Had surgery on your Nose. I did not have no surgery on my nose. Anyway, happy New Year, Mac, what Do you think? Happy New Year. We're not talking about food. So what's up? I get that he deserves, he deserves DONKEY. Okay, but you gotta give him a pass. Why? Because he's 67. That's not old. Yes, but he's at that age now where your mind just be gone sometimes.


We all have parents around that age where they done called us every name under the sun other than our own name. You know what, he got a point, I'm, I'm at the 10 to age of 46 and you know, I got four kids, the three youngest ones. I'm always calling them the wrong, wrong Name. I'm confused. The hell outta mine too. Brooklyn, London, whatever your name is, come over here. You know I'm talking literally, man. The other day was when he was trying to call me, he was like, Bruce, Bruce, miss Pat, come in here. I said, come Big Mac Pat, he call you Miss Pat, excuse me, Ms. Pat Wade, Ms. Pat, wait, wait. Ow. Now she gonna get in. That S that chill. She called me all the names Ruben, everybody. I said, damn, miss Matt Rub Ruben's smaller than you. Now how you gonna still be Ruben Study?


I do agree though, that when people are at a certain age just to be safe, you should just assume they're dead. Everybody's dead. What? Yeah, like, Like, you know Jimmy died at a hundred. So common sense would say to me, well how old is his wife? Because I doubt she lived to be a hundred. And you would be correct, but that's what Google is for. But when you, the governor of the state of Texas, you should know these things. Especially in regards to a former president. Like Who's outliving you? You at a hundred. That's right. That's like that scene from life when he was reading a letter and the whole family had died. Ms. Tidewell, she thought you ought to know that, that your second cousin Bo died. Bo died. And your and your other cousin Sally on your daddy's side, she died. Well apparently your sister died too. Jenny, I don't wanna say Marlene here.


Marlene died. Oh, no, no, no. Marlene. Jenny. Jenny died too. Jenny and Marlene both did. Yeah, Emini here. Did you know to the point, Jimmy's President Carter was a hundred years old. So you probably should have just said condolences to your kids and grandkids and great grandkids just to be safe To everybody. Just to be safe. Condolences, condolences to family, Condo to your family. Like that's It. Condolences to your family. Yeah, that's right. Because right. Didn't Cicely Tyson live to be like 104 though? No. Emini here. Hundred four black. Don't crack though. Yeah, yeah. She was passing a hundred. Don't we try to act like people don't live Like that. It ain't, it ain't a group of people that, you know what Emini here. No, it's not a group of people. Yeah, your group text mad quiet, Please give Governor Greg, governor Greg Abbott to Sounds in the Hamiltons, You're the DONKEY.


He, But you know, Cicely was 96 and she was active. No Very much. You know what I'm saying? So you always saw her when you don't see, like I, I, I don't ain't, I don't. You ain't ever see Rosalyn Carter just out and about. Oh no. You know what, Emini here. No. But we also wasn't looking for evil, wasn't looking for Jesus Christ. He definitely wasn't looking for him. And neither is Greg Abbott. Greg Abbott DONKEY today is brought to you by the law office of Michael S. Lamb. Soft. Don't be a DONKEY. Dial pound two 50 on your cell and say the bull. If you've been hurt in a construction accident, that's pound two five oh from your cell and say the bull, wake that ass up early in the morning.


The Breakfast Club, The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year.


One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on The really no really podcast is To get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor?


What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.