
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their sockets in fashion, like slippers to missile their toes. Woo. Shop great deals on Amazon.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


You gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean. I'm mean Who's getting that DONKEY, that DONKEY that. Don Don Don Don DONKEY DONKEY of the day right there at The. Breakfast Club bitches. You can call Me the DONKEY of the day, but like I Mean no harm. DONKEY of the day for Wednesday, November 20th goes to a Baltimore man by the name of Kevin Gross. Kevin is 46 years old just like I am. But I clearly make better choices than Kevin You know how sometimes people say, oh, you think you better than me? The answer is yes. Yes I do, because I make better choices. Not judging you for anything you got going on, but you ask me a question. Oh, you think you better than me? Yes, hell yes. Because I understand the strongest principle of growth lies in human choice.


And I make better choices than you. And if you are currently enjoying this thing called freedom, well you make better choices than Kevin as well because he's in jail currently facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95 this past Monday morning. Now, I know some of y'all right now are either at or on the way to jobs where you think you can't stand your coworker. You believe you hate this coworker with all your heart and you just might. Okay, just be better than Kevin. Okay? And the way you continue to be better than Kevin is simply by making the choice not to shoot your coworker. Let's go to W-B-A-L-T-V for the report please. Bond denied for 46-year-old Kevin Gross.


He's facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95. Early Monday morning. According to charging documents, the victim called 9 1 1 when state police arrived. They found him walking along the shoulder of 95 with seven gunshot wounds to the arm and torso. Court documents show he told police he was on his way into work and got a flat tire. So he pulled over on the shoulder of 95 just north of the Howard County line. When he got out to inspect the tire, his coworker Kevin Gross, pulled up behind him and got out wearing a mask, covering his mouth, quote Gross. Told him he must have hit a pothole or something. But upon inspecting the tire, the victim could see the tire had been slashed.


Gross then produced a firearm and began firing numerous shots. Charging documents revealed the two were assistant managers at Planted Aid and Elkridge Gross had recently been demoted and the victim told police gross thought he had something to do with that demotion. Kevin, you got the right last name because this was gross. What a diabolical plan. The victim was on his way to work and got a flat tire. He thought he hit a pothole, but his tires had been slashed. Ooh, I wonder who slashed him. And then when he got out there and inspected Tire, Kevin pulled up behind him with a mask and shot him several times. All because he thought his coworker got him demoted. Both of them were assistant managers at Planet Aid. Now y'all know what Planet Aid is, right? Nom No.


Yeah, they they, they are the organizations that collect the clothing donations. They got the yellow bins all over the place. Oh, where you can put the clothes and shoes in? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They accept clothing donations and 1700 locations. Oh nice. Okay. In the Elkridge warehouse, You know where Elkridge is, right? Yep. Yes. They collect 15.5 million pounds of used clothes and shoes annually. Well, clearly Kevin wasn't there for the cause. So I needed to know what are the perks of being an assistant manager at Planet Aid. So I asked Chad GPT, how much does an assistant manager at Planet Aid make? I? Don't know if this is a hundred percent correct, but it says the average salary for a manager at Planet Aid might earn between 50,000 and 60,000 annually. Now I need y'all to always keep in mind that my education is limited to a high school degree from night school.


Okay? Drop on a clues bump from Berkeley High School, alright? In most corner South Carolina. But if it's one thing I understand is prison math, and by prison math, I mean when you have to calculate in your mind whether or not the choice you make is gonna be worth you going to prison. Okay? Now let's do the prison math. All right? I'm making 50, 60 grand a year in Baltimore as a 46-year-old man, I don't know about y'all, but if I can afford to put some food on my table and have a roof over my head, I'm gonna be happy. Okay? Success is subjective. And if you are a free man, 46 years old, you can come and go as you please. You got a job you maintaining, that's a good life. If you don't think it's a good life, go to a prison right now and talk to these brothers doing 15, doing 20, doing 25, some of 'em doing forever.


And ask them, would they trade lives with the free man making 50 to 60 grand as an assistant manager at Planet Aid? Hell, even if he got demoted, okay? Even if he got demoted, the warehouse lead role at Planet Aid earns about 27 39 per hour according to chat GPT. That's almost 57 grand a year if you working 40 hours a week. All I'm saying is no matter how much I calculate this prison math, okay, I've done addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. I tried to figure this out multiple ways and guess what? It just don't compute, okay? It just doesn't add up. The victim is in critical condition. He got seven ti, he got shot seven times. Kevin Gross is charged with attempted first degree murder in Maryland.


That's life in prison, first and second degree assault. Kevin Gross is also charged with first degree assault is 25 years in Maryland. Second degree assault is 10 years in Maryland and he got other related charges. Moral of the story is Kevin is spending the rest of his natural born life in prison. Therefore the prison math ain't adding up. It's just not worth it. You have to calculate it in your head. You got demoted. You don't even know if this person you shot had anything to do with it. But even if they did, as soon as you started formulating this plan in your head, just think about it. I'm gonna cut his tires, I'm gonna shoot him a bunch of times. At some point your brain has to say, no, no, no, no, no. This prison math ain't ing.


This is not a situation that's worth having to eat jail food for the rest of your life or having an inmate treat your bunkie like a bowl of cereal. So please let Remy ma give Kevin Gross the biggest hee haw. He haw, he haw you stupid mother, are You dumb? You got demoted. Take the L. How do you get demoted from like a Salvation Army place? I know that's what a goodwill place and what can You do wrong? Yeah, I don't know. But he didn't even ask no questions. He just assumed it was just other, this other person. Mm. And shot him seven times. Now he gonna spend the rest of his life in prison for that. Ah, don add up.


They don't need to play a game, huh? And And you also, I mean we can if you want to. What? You wanna play a game? You from Baltimore, please. Come on now. There's no white people, people in Baltimore. Yeah, it's white, Asian, Baltimore in Baltimore. Come On now. No Latinos in Baltimore. No, but something that petty like that. Like, like she got a point. Okay, she got a point A clothing store then it's not even like a in a like a regular clothing store. Plant Date. Yeah. Like nah, he black. Always Do prison math though. Whenever you about to make a choice that you think gonna get you in some type of trouble, especially if it's involving any type of crime, just, just, just calculate it in your head. Is this worth the time you going to get?


What's that situation? That's Sad. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY today. DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Amazon's black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Woo.


Shop Break Deals on Amazon.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds in a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.