
This is an iHeartPodcasts balancing work, family, and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that pitch their lives and affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu. Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light.


It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Tell us, man, it don't be out here acting like a DONKEY Key, high bitch key high. It's time for DONKEY of the Day.


I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If you gotta say something you may not agree with, doesn't mean, I'm mean Who's getting that DONKEY? That DONKEY that Don Don, Don Don. DONKEY. DONKEY other the day right here. But The Breakfast Club bitches. You can call me the DONKEY Of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Yes, DONKEY. Today for Tuesday, June 24th, by the way, it is officially cancer season. Mm. Drop a cruise bomb fall of cancer damage. Okay. The greatest, most sensitive time of the year. All right. I feel everything going on out here right now. Okay? All my fellow crabs carry relate. All right. It feels everything. Okay. That's that's right. Okay. Me and Red understand.


All right. Me and Red got the same bond day, but back to the matter at hand, DONKEY today for Tuesday, June 24th goes to Christine Marie Spearman. Now we have a lot of conversations about consent, okay? And what consent between men and women in relationships okay? Is all right. And usually whenever we hear these conversations about consent, it's usually about did a man get consent from a woman to do whatever it is they did? Well, there are examples of women not getting consent, and today is one of those days. See, Kristen is in jail right now, right where she needs to be arrested and booked because she took advantage of a man without his consent. Let's go to Fox 44 News for the report, please.


Traditionally, when a couple gets married, both parties say I do. But this 42-year-old man in Beverly Hills claims to law enforcement that he didn't know. According to a press release from the Beverly Hills Police Department, the resident reported on June 13th that he come home to a package on his property left by Hicks ex-girlfriend. The package was a gift bag from Bath and Body Works containing products. And a surprise, a picture of his ex-girlfriend, Kristin Spearman, holding what appears to be a marriage license, showing them married and officiated by a local reverend. And a copy of the marriage certificate filed with the county clerk's office. According to the press release, the victim reported that he'd been in a relationship with Spearman and they had decided to obtain, obtain marriage licenses on or about June 2nd, 2025.


However, after that application and license was issued, the couple got into an argument and the victim told her he no longer wanted to be in a relationship. Police learned that Kristen Spearman convinced the local Reverend to perform a marriage ceremony without the victim even knowing or being present. Surprise, surprise, surprise, surprise. Now, I've heard of surprise weddings, but usually the surprise, surprise weddings I've heard about are the guests are invited to an event. Event that turns out to be a wedding. But I ain't never, ever, ever heard about a surprise bride or groom. Okay? Now, you might be surprised about an engagement, but finding out you a whole husband through the mail in a Bath and Body Works bag, what if this man was committed to some new cheeks?


Okay? He, he's sitting up in his house with his new boo in Old Bay, you know, sending me marriage certificates in the mail in a Bath and Body Works bag. First of all, I didn't know this was possible, okay? Whoever this pastor is who certified this marriage, without the groom being present, he needs to have his collar removed, okay? Or get him this fellowshiped. I don't know. I grew up Jehovah Witness, but whatever happens to pastors when they are proven not to be fit the pastor, that's what needs to happen to this guy. Okay? You know how men say they fear commitment. This man got married without even committing to the idea of commitment first. Okay? Kristen, Kristen, Kristen, you skipped the proposal.


You skipped the ceremony, you skipped the honeymoon and went right to the paperwork. You could have at least let this man pick a damn cake. Wait a minute, Christian. You could have at least let this man pick you. You didn't get chose. You chose yourself because you selfish. Okay? You weren't thinking about anybody but you in this situation, worst kind of human to be in a relationship with the person who believes, who feels, who thinks they know what's best for you. Okay? Now, this poor man gotta spend money on lawyers, And I really want to know how this will work, okay? It should be an immediate, an immediate annulment, alright? At the least. And I pray that whatever divorce laws Texas have don't apply to this sham of a marriage because this man was married without his consent.


This man was raped at the altar. Okay? Call it what it is. All right? No vows, no kiss, no consent. Just surprise baby. You are legally mine now, okay? This wasn't a legal wedding. This was fraud with flowers. Okay? Getting married without someone's consent is like someone stealing your car, then ensuring it in their name, but then turning around and asking you for gas money, okay? I'm just trying to figure out how she was able to get a marriage license. Okay? We gotta make marriage licenses as hard to get as gun licenses in New York and New Jersey are. And the fact that they used to date this was his ex. If he ever had any doubt that he didn't make the right decision by breaking up with her, that doubt is gone.


Okay? His ex, all right? His ex, his ex, his ex, he thought the relationship was over. She thought it was just getting started. Can you imagine how the Lululemon, this woman must be to think that this man would get this marriage certificate in the mail in a Baffin Body Works bag, and be happy about it. Like he was gonna receive the certificate and think to himself, you know what? I do want to spend the rest of my life with this retarded woman. Please give Kristen Marie Spearman the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons The Mm.


That's crazy. And did she put anything else in the bathroom Body Works bag? Was it any lotion, any candles? Was it just a marriage license? Did she at least, you know, put together a little package? Mm, All Well, thank you for that DONKEY of the day. You don't think he was leading her one though? Like you don't think that he was like, it's a reason. No, No, no, no, no, no. You don't go through all of that just 'cause you got let on. Because if you was getting let on, then you'd at least be having a conversation with him. Like she took it upon herself. I don't even know. I didn't know that was possible. I didn't Think so. I didn't either. I didn't either. Why you saying it like that? You sound like you did that. I didn't even, That is something I'm like, Uhuh, that's, that's, that's top notch.


That's Crazy. Yo, Chris, wink, if you need help, help, man. Oh, please. Whatever, whatever. What we both willingly said I do, don't play with me like that. Whatever. Alright. But that's crazy though. I, I kinda like her. Jesus, When we come back, that's a new crown from the Joy Reid show. Joy Ann Reed will be joining us. Yes, we're going to be talking to her next. She'll be helping out, breaking down everything that's going on. So don't it. A Lot going on in The World of politics. A lot going on in The World of just The World. And Dre Andre will be here to talk about It. That's right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. American Public University is the number one provider of education to our military and veterans in the country.


They offer something truly unique, special rates and grants for the entire family, making education affordable, not just for those who serve, but also for their loved ones. If you have a military or veteran family member and are looking for affordable, high quality education, APU is the place for you. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more. That's apu.aps.edu/military. This July 4th, celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant, and interchangeable.


Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career.


Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. This Is an iHeartPodcasts.