
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd, received 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap. Wear and love Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off. Some exclusions apply.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. So if you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY man, hit me with the hero. Did she get DONKEY? Any name, please tell me. Absolutely. I had become DONKEY of the Day at The Breakfast Club. Bitchy. You're a DONKEY. My mic on. Oh, hello. Yeah, DONKEY. The day for Monday, December 9th goes to a 3-year-old man named Hector d que clearly related to envy. How? How do those Spanish origin pronounce that envy? Vale Que Velazquez. Velazquez. Yes. Hector di Valles. Quez. Maal. Is it Velazquez? Valesquez? It's Vale. Last. Vela Johnson. Jackson Aq.


UEZ. Yep. Is Vela. I don know I'm not so Spanish as a black. Yes you are. I'm not. Now I understand. It's the holiday season and people out here trying to figure it out folks is hurting Christmases. In 17 days, people got kids, people still trying to pay bills. It's a lot. And desperate times. Called for desperate measures. And sadly, Hector is desperate. Okay. But even when you're desperate, you still have to be smart because either Hector was desperate or he needed a place, he needed a place to stay for the holidays. Okay, let's go to CBS six Richmond for the report please. As Shop with a Cop was in full swing, A member of the staff at Walmart came up to us and informed us that they had a shoplifting in progress inside the store.


3-year-old Hector Quez Malindo of Chesterfield County taken into custody. And in the process officers learn he was wanted for failure to appear on another shoplifting case. He does have other open cases here in Chesterfield as well for larceny With dozens of uniformed officers walking around the store. Police say they are surprised. He attempted to steal a cartload of merchandise and what he had to see when he parked his car, You Know we had 30, 40 marked patrol cars in the parking lot. And when we found his vehicle, it was actually facing where all of our cars were parked. So he would've had to have seen them.


It just didn't matter to him. He was gonna take the chance. Maldonado is now charged with felony grand larceny. The items in his cart valued at just under $1,400. Wayne Koval, CBS six News, Hector Mar Auto. Listen to me man. Listen to what happened in case that news report wasn't clear for you. The Walmart was hosting its annual shop with a Cop Event where local police partner with impoverished children that helped him pick out gifts for the holidays. There was nearly 50 police officers and sheriff's deputies all around this Walmart at the time of the attempted theft. I know Hector's mentality. He's like, if I walk into the store full of cops, the last thing people would expect is me to steal.


The last thing people would expect is me to shoplift. Nobody would be foolish enough to try to shoplift in the store with all these cops. They won't suspect nothing, man. But nope. Security footage showed Hector trying to hide a bunch of items on him as he attempted to leave the store. The officers were notified of a shoplifting in progress, meaning someone whispered to them, Hey, clean up on all four. So officers spread out across the Walmart. Of course Hector tried to get away, but he was quickly apprehended and he had the nerve to act stunned when he was caught. The only people who should really be stunned is the police. And they were officers said they couldn't believe he tried to commit the crime. Even with the clear police presence all around the area. They had 30 to 40 marked patrol cars in the parking lot.


But Hector on Kim, it's the holidays he got to eat and he is a repeat shoplifting offender and has an active warrant out for his arrest, for a failure to appear in court along with several open larceny cases. Okay? He is now facing a felony charge of grand larceny. Personally, I think he needed a place to stay for the holidays. So he said F it. If I don't get caught, I got 1400 thousand. I got $1,400 in items. If I do get caught, I got three hots and a cock. Okay, cut. What? That's what I said. Okay. We heard you. Oh yeah. Three hots and a cot just in case I wanted No, we heard you say cot. Okay. But I mean if you go to jail, three hot meals with some penis, that's what you, you couldn't get.


Please, please get back to d Maldonaldo. The biggest hee-haw. He done put an LAD in his name in everything. Mighty nato. Alright, my gosh. Well thank you for that DONKEY today. Desperate times call for desperate measures, man. Clearly, because there was no reason to try to get that away. Get that off. That wasn't gonna happen. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Alright, we're all set for the party, I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength, and Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker, Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off.


Don't delay.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little time. Enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.