
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Welcome to The, World of B'S Ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop B's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024, which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You are A DONKEY. It's time for DONKEY The day. DONKEY of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song today, but I got the DONKEY Day so you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY man? Some Breakfast Club bitches who's DONKEY today? Today, well Ed, she DONKEY today for Tuesday, November 19th, goes to Dr. David Dne. He's a doctor in northeast Arkansas, an actual real physician who has been suspended by the Arkansas State Medical Board. Yes, there was an investigation launched after a complaint sent to the medical board. Alright. Some complainant sent to the medical board videos of Dr. Dne walking around his blytheville practice in the nude.


Let's go to K eight News for the report, please. According to board documents, this video was taken in 2019. DNE family Practice in Blytheville. In it, Dr. David dne can be seen walking around naked, including in the hallway between patient rooms. Another video clips sent in, shows him in the receptionist area, walking around three women and performing a sex act directly in front of one of the women. The clip ends with him ejaculating on her. Not only did the woman work in Dina's office as a lab tech for another company, she was one of his patients. They also claimed DNE used his position of power, sexual grooming, salary increases to groom employees and patients into repulsive acts.


An investigator with the Arkansas Department of Health interviewed Dr. Dne in September. According to the report. From that interview, Dr. Dne was informed. There were video clips of his actions. Dr. Dani said quote, I don't know anything about that at all. I'd have to see those things to have any idea what you're talking about. End quote, there's Tapes. You know I have had the pleasure of interviewing a lot of people, having conversations with a lot of people, getting game from a lot of people in the late great Larry King drop on the blues bombs for Larry King. He rest in peace. He gave me some great advice once he said And I quote, Charlemagne, the most important question you can always ask is why.


I know back in the 19 hundreds and nineties Bud Dry draft slogan was why ask why, but why is always a relevant question. And that's the question I'm asking right now of Dr. David dne. Why if you spend all this time going to medical school, busting your ass to get that doctor in front of your name, you have your own practice, you do all of that just to throw it all away because you want to have your personal freak off in your facility. And why does his last name sound like something sexual? Dr. Dne Dne sounds like the foreplay that happens right before you get ded. Okay? Now there are video clips showing this man walking around the receptionist office naked in front of three women, okay?


He performed a sexual act directly on one of the women in the clip ends with him ejaculating on her. It is work really that hard to find. Okay? What I don't understand is they said some of these women worked for him, but also were his patience. Why? I don't understand people who have the money, the power. And instead of using these things for good, they decide even though God has blessed me with all I have ever worked for, I'm going to get in this position of power and abuse. The power by taking advantage of people. Dr. Dne is being accused of sexual grooming. Salary increases the groom employees and patience. Okay? Forcing them to do repulsive sexual acts. Why and why at the office? Why are you walking around butt naked in your facility?


I'm telling you, this is why people need to really just embrace their shadow sides, but do it where shadow sides can be embraced. If you're like walking around butt naked, there is nudist colonies for that. If you want to You know ejaculate on women and do repulsive sex acts, I'm sure there is a brothel in Nevada that would love to have your business. Okay? Some people are just meant to be super villains and Dr. Dune is one of those people sit on the arc of asylum, okay? He'll fit right in the ridler, the hangman, the penguin, the differente. This man is literally claiming he doesn't know anything about any of these things he's being accused of. He said he would have to see those things to have any idea what is being talked about.


Well roll the tapes. They have video evidence of the actions. Dr. dne, this isn't even the first time he's been accused of this. The board got these complaints before and they did nothing. Do we have more of that? Earlier this year, someone complained about what DNE calls his naturist activities. In the January complaint, the board was informed that DNE was posting nude photos of himself on his social media accounts. The complainant included screenshots from Dina's Instagram account naked Dr. Dave, come on. In his response to the board, DNE said he is a naturist, and his accounts were well known to the NAS community.


He added that there was quote, no crossover whatsoever with my professionalism while practicing medicine and my NAS activities end quote, during its June meeting, the board chose not to take any action and decided to save the documentation as information only and added to his file for future reference. Dr. Dani said The practice of NA being a naturist is promoting acceptance and body positivity. He said, we do not shame, sexualize fear are negatively stigmatized the naked body. Sure, but you're missing the point. Okay? You are a doctor. You have a practice. So when Differente says And I, quote, there was no crossover whatsoever with my professionalism while practicing medicine and my NAS activities.


Well, that's just not true because I personally watched the video with you walking through your facility during business hours, butt ass naked with nothing but a hat on. There's nothing else to see here, folks. Please give Dr. David Defne the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the, did you answer this question? What was on the hat? I couldn't tell. Mm. I didn't wanna zoom in, but I couldn't tell if it was a Arkansas Razorbacks hat or a, I'm just concerned.


I'm type why type beer hat. Like if you're naked but naked had on you already no dump. Like why the hat at his facility doing business hours and all his employees just sitting there You know regular clothes on, dressed like this is just a normal day at the office. Yeah. Nope. Okay. I just, I'm just not that horny. All right, huh? No. All right. Well, thank you for that DONKEY of the day. Yes, indeed. DONKEY of today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The, Breakfast, Club.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers, and my stocking is looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon now.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, Bo. Hey, Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up?


Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers, Katie's publicist and finalists. That's Right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's Wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it, and be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen To Last Culture East on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Inga on July 8th, 1992. Apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World.


We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. The 2025 iHeartPodcasts Awards are coming. This is the chance to nominate your podcast for the industry's biggest award. Submit your podcast for nomination now at iheart.com/podcast awards. But hurry, submissions close on December 8th. Hey, you've been doing all that talking. It's time to get rewarded for it. Submit your podcast today at iheart.com/podcast awards.


That's iHeartPodcasts.