
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number One rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, the story of one Strange and Violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


It's time for DONKEY of the Day. So If, you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY man? Hit me with the heat on. Did she get DONKEY Day? Please tell. Absolutely. I had become DONKEY of the Day. The Breakfast Club bitches. You are DONKEY. Yes, DONKEY. The day for Thursday, October 3rd goes to an Oklahoma man named Cody Adams. Let me tell you something. I woke up feeling rested this morning, but at some point I got tired again. And I realized that I got tired because the news is draining. Okay? It just is because back in the day, they would say if it bleeds, it leads. And nowadays people can bleed without being cut because the new blood is stupidity, which in a lot of ways I'm thankful for because DONKEY Ofay is a segment that gives people the credit they deserve for being stupid.


Okay? And I've done DONKEY today five times a week since December, 2010. So I just wanna tell all you jackasses, thank you. Drop on a clues, bombs for all the jackasses out there, okay? Even though it is draining. And this morning was one of those mornings where I took two fingers, And I squeezed right between my eyes like this. And I said, Lord have mercy. Okay? People can't be this stupid, but they are. Okay? See, Cody Adams is a man who was doing court on charges of possessing a stolen vehicle. Listen to what I said. He was due in court on charges of possessing a stolen vehicle, but he doesn't have a car, which is clear, right? 'cause he had to steal one. Didn't I just tell you yesterday or the day before?


I don't remember. One day this week. Didn't I just tell you how much of a luxury having a car is? Didn't I tell you that some people would appreciate that? 2016 Nissan Altima, you take it for granted. Well, Cody is one of those people because he didn't have a car. And You know when you're facing serious charges like possession of a stolen vehicle, you have to get the court to handle that. You can't just miss your court date. And Cody Adams clearly understood that because he did what he had to do in order to make it to court to face his charges of possession of a stolen vehicle. Would you like to know how Cody got to court to face his possession of a stolen vehicle charge? Yes. Let's go to news five A, BC for the report, please. This is Cody Adams.


Shortly after Oklahoma Highway patrol troopers arrested him near the Pawnee County courthouse. OHP says earlier, Adams was at a gas station in Stillwater asking people for a ride to his court date in Pawnee when he couldn't find a ride. OHP says, Adams decided to hop in this unoccupied LifeNet emergency services vehicle and drive himself to court that Was left on running an unattended. They Say Adams took the truck on that 30 minute drive to Pawnee and then ditched it. First responders had an idea of where that vehicle might be headed to. A trooper caught him as he was walking into the courthouse. Adam saying he was just borrowing the truck. The trooper did. I believe he made sure that he made his court date.


Now He still did make his court case. Again. OHP says after court, he was transported back to the Payne County jail and booked on new charges. If, you just joining us, Cody Adams stole an ambulance to make it to his court case for possession of a stolen car. Please, please, please. Rockstar games. Push up the release date for Grand Theft Auto. Six. This is why all of these situations are happening, because folks have a GTA itch that needs to be scratched between the guy who stole the car from the woman while she was in the middle of the sobriety test to this guy, Cody Adams stealing an ambulance to make it to his court case for possession of a stolen car. These people are practicing for GTA.


They are trying to beat the high score in real life. Grand theft auto push the release state up. Rockstar please. Now, the first thing I did when I heard this story was Google. If Uber is available in Oklahoma. And the answer is hell yes. Okay, it's available in several cities in Oklahoma, Tulsa, Oklahoma City, Edmund Lawton. Then I went to look and see what other ride shares are available in Oklahoma. They got ones I never heard of. Of course they got Uber, they got Lyft, but they got pick transportation. Never heard of that. They got curb. Never heard of that. They got beer. Never heard of that. They got wings. Never heard of that. They got Flywheel. I never heard of any of those except Uber and Lyft. The point I'm making is there was absolutely zero. I mean, absolutely, positively zero.


When I say zero, I'm talking about the number. Russell Westbrook War. When he played for the OKC Thunder for 10 seasons, there was zero reason to steal an ambulance. Now, I don't know this man's financial situation. I don't know what Cody got in his pockets, but if I couldn't afford a rideshare, then I damn sure couldn't afford to steal an ambulance. Okay? Stealing an ambulance would cost you way more than just paying for a ride share. Look, man, maybe Cody felt the courtroom wasn't close enough. So why take an Uber when you can get a lights and sirens escort that you drive yourself? I don't know. I just try to make sense of these things sometimes because I don't wanna believe everybody is just stupid. But there is some very bad choices being made by a lot of people in our society.


Once again, the ambulance costs you way more than the ride share. So why would you choose to pay that type of price? Because now you in jail. You gotta pay for bond, then you gotta pay for a lawyer. If, you had a job, you was missing work. Probably gonna get fired. It just cost too much. Anyone who ever said crime pays is a damn liar. Okay? Crime costs and it's usually a price that's too high to pay. Let's look at the Brightside though. You pulled up to a court, you pulled up to a court case for possession of a stolen vehicle in a stolen vehicle, a stolen ambulance. To be exact, maybe he thought this could double as a getaway vehicle and a ride to the ER when the judge faints from laughing because we're all chuckling right now. Some DONKEY of the days just sell themselves.


Please let Remy ma give Cody Adams the biggest. He haw. He haw. Hee haw. You stupid. Mother. Are you dumb? Mm. All right. What a strange world we live in. It really is an ambulance though. Maybe he thought that they was gonna be like, well, you made it so we'll give you a get outta jail free card, but You stole the ambulance. I just don't even know why your brain works like that. You're going to court for possession of a stolen vehicle and you steal another vehicle. What probably Happened by ambulance said that? Nah. Why? What's up with your brain? What probably happened? He didn't do this, so it didn't help you do this. He didn't do the little finger thing by the eye. You having probably thinking you gotta do this.


You Probably said, God, gimme a sign. And boop, ambulance, right? That was on. He said, yo, this is my sign. No, Satan got a kingdom too. Y'all do know that, right? Satan got a kingdom too. And I. Think Satan got the same sense of humor God got. Okay, because that's just hysterical. We gonna put the ambulance right here. Leave the keys on running. He know he gotta go to court for possession of a stolen vehicle. Let's see if his dumb ass steals. He they down in making bets. Okay. Satan, Hitler, they all down there making bets on You. know what this guy going to do. You see what I'm saying? I wonder who won. All right, well thank you for that DONKEY Today. DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the bull Lamb soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side.


If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You, know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule. Don't read the comments been nasty. This episode is going to hit different.


Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now. My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere earths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts In California during the summer of 1975.


Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the President of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle-aged housewife, working undercover for the FBI identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, the story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free, and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts. Hey, I am Jay Shetty and I'm the host of On Purpose. This week I had the opportunity to speak with Dr.


Andrew Huberman. Dr. Huberman is a neuroscientist and professor at Stanford University School of Medicine, known for his research on brain function, behavior, and neuroplasticity. The brain's ability to adapt and rewire itself, The expectation on us is not perfect. Being able to toggle between these different states. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.