
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


The Hollywood Reporter and iHeartRadio invite you to the party of the year. Go to iheart.com/creators party to enter to win your way into an exclusive event in Los Angeles with the biggest Hollywood a-listers and social influencers, and a special performance by creator and Pop-punk star Chase Hudson. This is an invitation that can only come from the Hollywood reporter. Enter now for the chance for you and a friend to win an all-inclusive trip to the Hollywood Reporters, creators, A-List party on October 10th at iheart.com/creators party and go to thr.com for all your entertainment news.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. Enjoy when you need a break. Don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


It's time for DONKEY of The Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to Be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving here today to now? Well, DONKEY today Sexy red from Monday, September 30th goes the Darien Urban and Shalene ERs. They are a couple from Arkansas that is accused of trying to sell their two month old baby for a six Pack Of Beer. A thousand dollars. Jesus. Let's go to CBS News five for the report please. Now to a disturbing, developing story. Out of Bentonville, two parents are accused of trying to sell their baby outta campground. Over the weekend, Darien Urban and Shalene ERs were arrested on Saturday.


According to investigators, they tried to sell their two month old for a thousand dollars and a six. Pack Of Beer, a person who learned about it called authorities, Ben County Deputies then arrested the couple, made sure that baby was safe, who was then taken to the hospital. Both parents are being held in the Bend County Jail. Now I know what y'all are thinking, but what kind of beer was it? I swear to God, I was thinking that Oh, wasn't, oh, I know. I swear to God. I'm like, damn. What kind of beer was not thinking that I was? What kind of beer was it? Hell, okay. Yo, what kind of beer was I wasn't thinking that I I that, oh No, I wasn't thinking that I wasn't, but I'm not a parent, so hey, don't judge me. I was just joking. I was thinking that. What I actually was thinking was, Was it Blue Moon?


Ew, That's what you drew. I like Blue Moon with a orange Delaware. Dirty Delaware. My God. Ugh. Well, what I was actually thinking was Jesus not coming back. Okay. For what I mean when, when I was young, I had a red Honda Civic little hatchback joint. I'm driving on 17:00 AM Miles corner And. I didn't change the oil, and so one night the engine locked up on me. And I left that Honda Civic on the side of the road, just left it. I think I ended up, ended up getting towed to some compound. And I just never went back for it. I couldn't afford to get the engine fixed anyway, so I just left it. That's how God feels about Earth. Okay? He created something that was meant for good, but then he gave this creation called Humans Free will, and they've been making poor choices ever since.


Okay? Now, this couple is 21 and 20 years old, and they tried to sell their baby for a six. Pack, Of, Beer and a thousand dollars. Life means absolutely nothing to some humans. Do you hear what I just said? Life means absolutely nothing to some humans. What I don't understand is what's wrong with adoption? Okay? Research some adoption agencies. Choose the type of adoption you want. Create an adoption plan. Hell, I'm sure your primary care doctor could have helped you with that, but, but what am I saying? Anyone who tries to sell their baby for a six Pack, Of Beer and a thousand dollars doesn't have a primary care doctor, okay? We really have to stop letting people breed simply for the sake of breeding. We have all these conversations about what it should take for a person to buy a gun.


I feel that way about breeding. Okay? I don't know how you could control it, but we need some systems in place that can straight up tell people when they get pregnant based off who they are or what they are. Okay? Your child needs to come with us. All right? Don't even worry about it. Soon as you have the baby, we got it from here. Okay? Listen to this man. Chalene S told the man and another person that it was not working, having three dogs and a baby. Mm. Well get rid of the damn dogs. Okay? What world are we in when a mother says, I would rather have three dogs than be be responsible for this baby. Do You know how many women are busting they ass to have kids spending all types of money on IVF and you have the blessing of a baby and you just trying to sell it for a thousand dollars and a six Pack, Of Beer.


They even did paperwork. Okay? The news report says there was a letter that says, I Darien Urban and Shalene Ellis are signing our rights over to, and the name is Redacted of our Baby Boy for a thousand dollars on 9 21 2024. The letter was signed by the couple and included a disclaimer that read after signing this, there will be no changing y'all two's minds and to never contact again. When authorities spoke to the couple Urban and Ellis, they said the baby was undergoing an adoption. Why the hell couldn't y'all do an adoption? For real? Mm. Authorities even recovered a cell phone video of the couple signing the letter and the couple said they recorded it because they plan to legalize the adoption on Monday. I don't understand how humans waste good time and energy doing the wrong thing when they could just spend that time and energy doing the right thing.


If you're going through all of this to illegally sell your baby, why not go through the process of doing legal adoption papers and just give the baby up in a real way? And y'all think Jesus coming back to this? Really? Please give Darienne Urban and Shalene Ellis the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You the day y What?


Hope, what? What? Wanna play game? Guess what? Race. All right. Darien Urban and Shalene ERs 21 and 20 years old. Yes. A couple from Arkansas. Yes. They tried to sell their two month old baby for a six Pack, Of Beer and a thousand dollars DJ Envy. Guess what races What? First of all, his last name is Urban. Doesn't It doesn't matter when you said they had the dog and the baby had to get rid of one and decided to get rid of the baby, not the Dog. Three dogs, Not white people are with their Dogs. That's Trailer Park White. That's right, that's right. Okay. Lauren, I'd be so disappointed if it's us. I think it's white too. Well, Lemme wait.


I feel like that's Trailer Park White, Lawrence, Lauren Roha, Gary and Urban and Shalene. Ellens coming from Arkansas, accused of trying to sell their two month old baby for a bear and a thousand dollars Lauren Osa. Guess what? Racist. I'm not putting that plight on black people. I think that's white. That's some, Mike. Well, What we got Please? No, DJ Envy and Lauren LaRosa. You two are both positively. Absolutely. Ellis. I don't know about Darien, but the mom is white. Okay, this is, this is MAGA White. This is Capital Ride White Trailer Park. Alright. Do we know what type of bear they were getting?


Do they have to be like, it gotta be something else going on in front the This is Book of Sniff Glue White. Okay. Alright. Alright. Sniff glue. White is crazy. Alright, well thank you for that DONKEY of the day. Now


DONKEY Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The Hollywood Reporter and iHeartRadio invite you to the party of the year. Go to iheart.com/creators party to enter to win your way into an exclusive event in Los Angeles with the biggest Hollywood a-listers and social influencers, and a special performance by creator and Pop-punk star Chase Hudson. This is an invitation that can only come from the Hollywood reporter. Enter now for the chance for you and a friend to win an all-inclusive trip to the Hollywood Reporters creator's, A-List party on October 10th at iheart.com/creators party. And go to thr.com for all your entertainment news.


Hey, it's Mela. Both open events are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh? Check out bose.com for More. High Five Casino, High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, book prohibited.


Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five. Casino Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior. Culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.