
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate.


You are a DONKEY. It's time for DONKEY of the Day. DONKEY of today does not discriminate. I might not have the song of today, bro. I got the DONKEY day. So you ever feel I need to be a DONKEY today With the hero? It's The Breakfast Club bitches. Who's DONKEY of the day today? Well, ed she DONKEY today for Friday, February 14th. Valentine's Day goes to all you women who want to be players. Coy, Leray. I blame you. Okay? Yes. I blame you when you came out with that sneaky bop back in 2022. Girls is Players too. You shifted things for a whole generation of women. Now, before I begin, I would like to say that for years I historically gave the lonely women hell on Valentine's Day.


Okay? The women who didn't have a man on any level, not a husband, not a fiance, not a boyfriend, not even a consistent sneaky link. And yes ladies out there with a consistent sneaky link. You should expect something from that consistent sneaky link On Valentines Day. Your best eater should come with an offering on Valentine's Day. Okay? What does your vagina have no value? Are you still mismanaging your PPO in 2025? Shame on you. I thought you learned how to properly manage your vagina by now. But I guess not. For the record, if you're best eater or your consistent sneaky link doesn't get you anything for Valentine's Day, then your vagina truly has no value. Okay? That's right. You letting that consistent sneaky link sweat on you. You letting that man put saliva all over your honeypot and he can't get you a little something, something for Valentine's Day.


If that's the case, your vagina not worth the price of the Brazilian you got yesterday for today. But let's get back to these player asked women. Okay, I gave this some thought And I have a question. What's worse actually being alone on Valentine's Day? Not having a valentine, not having someone to call your own or being a player ladies and having about three on the roster and having to juggle all three in the next, you know, well, in this 24 hours, okay? See, you can be surrounded by people and still feel alone. And I know you ladies out there that are players who have about three competing for your love like this. The early two thousands BH one reality show. I know y'all only, you can't fool me. If you wanted something that could have been love, you'd have been on Drusky show.


No, you want the real thing, but guess what? You not going find it because you're juggling. All right? You want to be a player out here with three men, three ready to lie about your period being on the two of them. All right? I see what you're doing. See, you're waiting to see who does what on Valentine's Day. And based on what they do, that's when you decide who you gonna spend the late, late night hours with. Okay? But let me tell you something, my brothers, I need y'all to hear this. She already knows who she wants to be with, okay? She got the whole itinerary planned out. Now, let me tell you what she did. My brother, she probably told all of y'all that she's spending the day with her grandmother and mother sounding sounding something like this. My mother and my grandmother and my niece, Wow.


Mother and the grandmother and the niece. The niece is diabolical. But you know, as well as I do that grandma and mama not gonna be out past, you know, past by eight. All right? They, and they, night closed, head wrapped, calling it a night by nine. Okay? This, you know, so that player lady you chasing is just looking to see who is gonna be active after 9:00 PM who's gonna be on her body after 9:00 PM In fact, I've heard these player ladies refer to having multiple suitors on Valentine's Day. I've heard them refer to this activity as a marathon. Now, I'm not gonna say no names, but I was having a convo with one of those player ladies earlier this week, and she admitted Valentine's Day was going to be a marathon. I I actually have it. Can we listen?


I heard you had a few prospects. My mother and my grandmother and my niece, I'm gonna go home and make sure that they get, you know, their, their roses and their candies. I do it every year. How many guys is it, Guys? Is it for what? That's, that's po potential for Valentine's Day. Ignore him. Continue on. What are you looking for? This Valentine's? Oh boy. What do you hope one of these guys back? How does the person win? This is Where it goes back. How does a person win? Yes, the winner knows how he's supposed to win. I don't have to get on air and say it. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. Alright. It's not a it's not a competition. It's, you know, it's, it's a marathon. Now let, let, let me tell you something. Don't, don't let all that player talk confuse you, okay? Because it sounds bigot than what it is. He player, player lady's not really built to be players.


Because if you was, you could be honest with all your hoes and let them know the hunt is on. Okay? You out here telling them that you're spending the day with your mother and grandmother and niece when the reality is you going to brunch with one, okay? A late lunch with the other and then you spending the night with the one you really want to be with. And I'm gonna tell you why it can get sticky when all of them know, okay, where you work, right? And all of them pop up at the job at the same time because they was invited by a diabolical coworker. You wouldn't invite nobody nowhere. I know. Whoa. Well relax. You got scan? Huh? You got scan, huh? No, I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. But there was a traffic jam downstairs and the, oh, that was, oh, it was a traffic jam.


Guess what? It was a traffic jam of envy. Guess what? It was a traffic jam of Jess. Tell me, tell me flowers, You ordered these flowers. No I did not. Yes you did, because how would you look? They was downstairs. Oh, Because they called back to back. You liar. To back liar. You a liar. They called back to back to back. You were liar. One call came in saying we got flowers for Guess who Player of the year? Lauren LaRosa. Okay, let me tell you something. I was shocked because when they said flowers, I was thinking, oh wow, a guy sent flowers. But guess what? They called again and then again, no, you see three men, 10 flowers up here from Lauren Osa. Guess what? Guess what? Guess what? Read the cards.


You wanna read the card? Read the cards. What? Through the card. Went through the card saying I don read them. I Read 'em. I wanna know where they're from. Read the cards. I want y'all to know that this is Charlemagne being Charlemagne. That is not me. And you know what? I can't ready for this. That's why I put it on a red lip. Read the card. I look really, really good. Read the card Today. So, you know what? Don't worry about it. I, I took pics. Another one. I took pics of the messages on the card already. Oh, how did you get That so fast? They've been here for 30 minutes, ma'am, as soon as they said we got flowers for Lauren LaRosa, do you pick, we didn't send people downstairs Now, Jessica, Robin Moore, Jessica, Robin Moore, you are a retired player. Emini Here. Y'all was in on this. You are a retired player. What do you suggest, Lauren? You know, do or do you want me to read these messages first on this card? Somebody said what?


Huh? Here read 'em. You want me to read The messages? I'm not putting my on this. Keep like the clip audio. Lemme See you little short. Damn. Okay, message one says They're looking like chocolate milk. Message One says, I don't know what place I will finish in the marathon, but I hope it's first. Sincerely. You know who drop the clues bomb for that smart man. Okay, glad you didn't leave a name better to remain anonymous when you sending something to a player on Valentine's Day. Oh my gosh. Message number two, Jesus from these other flowers says, damn, why it gotta be a race? I hope I'm not in second place.


Sincerely never. Number two. Why none of, none of, none of the people I know would even talk like, What's The third one? Third and final message. Oh, this is crazy. What? Leave the competitions for your heart to Quincy and Monica. I'm not racing nobody for nothing. This isn't loving track meets. See ya later, Mr. First place. Woo. Y'all. He is lying. I don't even talk to men that talk like that. I can tell by these messages whose brunch, who's late lunch and who's getting the late night? Okay ladies, is this the life you really wanna, Eddie? What you laughing Lead? Is this the life you really want to lead?


Ladies? Ladies, is the play of life really better than having a one and only Valentine? Are you going to end up alone? 'cause these men are not gonna like the fact that all of them sent flowers to your job at the same damn time. And your messy ass coworker read the messages on the air. I don't know. But just remember, whatever the outcome, this is the life you chose. Damn. Because girls want to be players too. Please give all the lady players on Valentine's Day the biggest. Hee-haw. You gonna end up with nothing. Y'all Know they sent in this newspaper that r Kelly appeal was denied. You gonna end up more of You, Lauren, you gonna end up with I thought First of infection envy.


You know, he sent these flowers. P balance gonna be all the way off. I I'm talking to you. I'm just talking to all the lady players Out there and, and, and even if I did get three flowers, there ain't nothing. I'm not What you mean? Even if you did, you Keep talking about balances. Ain't three people doing nothing. You Know this is on video, right? 24 hours. You see all that right there? You, first of all, let me tell you, you knew that the flowers was here before they came up? No. First of all, they, they called downstairs when there's a package. Lauren, they called, they called 25 minutes ago. No, it wasn't 25 minutes ago. How Long ago Was it? Mac And then also I, I went and told Mac to go get the, when I checked he didn't even have them yet. You had what was written on card And I was right.


Well thank you for that DONKEY of the day, sir. I am so disappointed in you Lauren, When you Say that I'm so disappointed in moving gag reflexes. Ooh, m Right. Big Pimping Play. Big Pimping play. Play Big pimping for Big LA We play big pimping. Damn, this is crazy. Alright. This is crazy. I know, I just, I It's cool 'cause you doing all this and you ain't stopping nothing. Here we go. Alright. All right. Well thank you for that DONKEY today. Charlem And I Ain't nothing. Now when we come back I feel bad 'cause I really thought it was, you know, my little whatever, whatever. What you looking at A player? Okay. They don't, Don't Believe you.


You need or somebody who bit off more than they can chew. They don't believe you. You need more people. And I don't bite off nothing more than I can chew. I always handle mine. Well, I'm good over here. These flowers ain't stopping nothing baby. I promise you. That's Why message number three says sincerely missed first place. See you later. Huh? That message is so sassy. None of my, none of them Emini here. Not them. Alright, I'm getting up. Well, All right. All right, all it's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning


DONKEY. Today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb and Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Ready to celebrate. The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.