
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Lowe's Helps. Refresh your garden in time for Mother's Day. Right now get five bags of one and a half cubic foot Scott's Naturescapes mulch for just $10 plus. Select one and a half gallon annuals hanging baskets make the perfect gift now two for only $15. The best garden starts with great deals. Lowe's, we help you save valid through five seven. Selection varies by location while supplies last discount taking the time of purchase.


I just wanted to know how you came up with the DONKEY. A because you're mean I'm not. What did I? I don today. A bunch of donkeys out here. The street. That is why Charlemagne is here. If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say on The Breakfast Club in the words of Charlemagne, God, he is a DONKEY that, oh man. Charlemagne, you giving DONKEY today to who now? Yes. DONKEY. Today for Thursday May 1st is going to a 30 5-year-old Kentucky woman named Isha Johnson. Now, today is May 1st and do and do you know what today is?


It's the first day of mental health Awareness month. Okay, drop on a clue. Bump for mental health awareness month. This month is dedicated to raising awareness, promoting education, and providing resources to support those struggling with mental health challenges. And that is what we are doing today with this DONKEY. We are raising awareness to those struggling with mental health issues because Makeisha is clearly struggling with mental health issues. Okay, she was a patient at a Kentucky hospital and she did something that a lot of people think about doing when the process at the hospital is taking too long. What do you mean Uncle Shala? She did something that a lot of people think about doing when the process at the hospital is taking too long. Well let's go to WDRB for the report please. A woman is under arrest in Louisville after reportedly choking and assaulting a U of L hospital.


Nurse court records say a nurse was making her round Saturday afternoon when 30 5-year-old Makeisha Johnson allegedly attacked her police, say footage of the incident shows Johnson choking the nurse, then slamming her to the ground where she reportedly began hitting the nurse in the face. Officers say Johnson claims she was angry at the staff were taking too long to discharge her Johnson was charged with assault of a healthcare provider. Want an endangerment and menacing. Here's the thing. When you're ready to go, you're ready to go. Okay. We have all been part of the discharge process from the hospital in some way, shape or form, whether you've been the patient or whether you've been waiting with somebody. And yes, the hospital does drag their feet sometime. Okay?


It is a hurry up and wait situation. Nothing is worse when you have to unexpectedly go to the hospital. Like you know, you gotta go to the er like something not right with you. Or the kids gotta bone outta socket. So you gotta up and leave the house and you didn't plan to. Oh my God, you'd be so ready to leave the hospital once they tell you nothing wrong or they fix what is wrong. But the hospital do be taken forever. But just because you think about choking, somebody doesn't give you the right to do it. Okay? Especially when this nurse wasn't doing anything but her job. Nurses out here working long hours, they're underpaid, they're stressed, and they always put their own health at risk just to take care of our sick asses, okay? They do not deserve to be attacked on the job. Full stop.


But also, if you're trying to speed up the process, makeisha, the quickest way to slow things down is by physically attacking the nurse. Okay? You're definitely not going home now. You're going to jail. Now I'm not here to make excuses for her violence. Okay? What she did was wrong, but we have to know something was off with her mentally, right? You gotta know that there is a lot of things that are gonna push people to the breaking point in this day and time that we live in, it's gonna be a lot of things that are gonna make people snap. And it's because folks like Makeisha are walking around with undiagnosed mental illnesses, okay? A lot of folks out here under pressure and they don't got no tools, no resources, no coping skills, they not going to no therapy.


They don't have no emotional outlets, they just have frustration and nowhere healthy to put it. And they end up projecting on people the way that Makeisha projected onto this nurse. And that's not an individual problem, okay? That just doesn't stand with Makeisha. That's a societal problem. We don't take mental health seriously. We tell people just to man up or suck it up or you know, get What? Suck it up. You look Girl. No, you know, you a best eater. Why you stop? No. 'cause I could have tied all of that in with Kanye too, but I didn't because he's somebody else that we know dealing with mental health issues and people be telling him to suck it up. He did it literally.


But we tell people to man up and get over it or just deal with it. Meanwhile, people out here exploding over little things, okay? And others have to pay the price like that poor nurse. So we need to get people, help get them therapy. I personally don't believe this young woman, Makeisha Johnson, needs to be in handcuffs. But she does deserve to get the credit today for being stupid. So give her the biggest, he haw, Right? Just yes. Yo, this man said suck it up and people exploding over little things. You be writing this with so much gay intention, like, oh my god, gay you, there was no gay album Explodes over little things, But no, it is mental health awareness month too.


Let's, you know, pay attention to what, what mental health awareness is all about. Okay? There are people out here struggling with all type of mental health challenges that they don't know what to do with. So let this be the month that, you know, we should do it all the time, but we should always be raising awareness and promoting mental health education and providing resources to people who need it. So you gonna do that? Give Kanye some empathy. Am I gonna give him empathy? Well, here's the thing. The reason I gave Isha Johnson DONKEY today is because she's 35 years old. At some point, you know, you know better. You, you, you, you should know better, should know better. You know, you're not responsible for your trauma, but you are responsible for your healing. You know what? Emini here, I hear you Justin. That what you, because what you about to say, what?


I think you said something crazy. This salmon burger is the best burger I into tried dropping a my Bombs for Abdul is this Banana pudding? This is banana pudding and then strong Banana P put hitting Abdul out there. Abdul, okay? Yes. No pork out there. Everything is Turkey. I'm Trying You chicken everything. Gave me the santa sandwich. I got the one with cheese. Some special sauce. Lemme see. I'm trying to tell you. They, They out there in Newark. Y'all, I was in Newark last week And I went to Abbey, the sandwich specialist and my guy Abdul, I was like, yo, y'all gotta taste this 'cause y'all think I'd just be capping when I be telling you how amazing things are. This The guy who had called up here and was like, you said you was gonna come to my spot and didn't come. And then you went, yes. Is that him? Oh yes. Lemme out there that that is a fire charlamagne.


That ain't burger hitting, right? No, It's hitting team. What I'm saying. He's certainly right. Lauren. I, I told him, put one to the side for you. Thank you. I want some banana pudding too. Well that's gone. It is. You have two Last. No Big Mac. Big. The last two. Listen, The banana pudding going up, dude is no more banana pudding. There's no more. Oh, he said he got me. Don't worry about, don't worry about that. Just get a sandwich, Lauren, We got just fix my mess coming up. It's The world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club.


The Breakfast Club DONKEY today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull LAIs Soft. Don't be a DONKEY when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio High paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it. All. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.