
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Let's get I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything in Everybody. Did you hear that? I don know if you don't lie about that. Right. Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la Rosa and this is the latest with Lauren La I'm your host, Lauren la the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody. And this is a daily dig on everything. Pop culture, entertainment and the conversations that are shaking the room. 'cause when you talk about shaking the room right now, y'all, I've been sitting in the courtroom for the last two weeks and man, like this Diddy case is, it's like all over the place.


It's like one day I'm like, oh no. What? I don't think he did any of that outside of like, you know, the beating stuff because we, we were literally seeing the bruises in court, but, and then the next day I'm like, man, I don't know. Diddy might gotta do some time. Like I'm, I'm all over the place every single day. But I think it's because both the prosecution and the defense are doing their job. So checking in on me today, I'm a bit tired, you know, 'cause behind the scenes of the grinding, I've been grinding Taylor. Yeah. Back on the grind, grinding. I've been out here, I've been outside literally. But I'm blessed though Emini here. I'm, I'm, I'm a little tired. I'm still figuring out how to be able to care about anything other than this case. Because when you sit in there all day, it kind of consumes your world and your mind.


Yeah. So yesterday I shut off early. Like I didn't get on social media after I posted my video. I just watched the Netflix series And I was like, I'm gonna start fresh this morning because it, I don't know, it was just like taking over my mind and my thoughts. But I think, you know, when you moving and you grooving that happens. Work takes over. Yep. How you feeling? I'm feeling good. You, you and baby pj? Yeah, I'm good. My birthday's coming up so I'm just How when's your birthday? It's Feb. No tomorrow. Taylor, why did I think you were an Aquarius? Oh, that's jazz. Jess is February 13th. I'm like Tarus energy all day. What are you doing for your birthday? I'm gonna see you in ac. Oh, now I'm definitely really going to Atlantic City now.


I'm definitely gonna Atlantic City. 'cause I was, I literally was speaking of me being tired. I was thinking to myself yesterday like, man, I'm gonna just tell my mom like let's just stay in New York 'cause I need to sleep all weekend. I'm trucking at the AC on Saturday for you because it's your birthday And I love hanging out with you and Big Patrick. Okay. And little Patrick in the belly. Yeah. But let's get on into the latest because there's so much here with Cassie and her taking the stand for the second day. If you hear me turning pages in here or see me turning pages in the video, it's because I got my handy dandy court notebook, baby. I be highlighting things. I love it. Yeah, because we can't use any electronics. Only the like inner, like the inner city presses and a couple other outlets of The World who are in house press can.


So this's the only way I can remember a lot of the things. But yeah, so yesterday Cassie took the stand and the prosecution did their, or finished their direct examination. So that basically means the prosecution. Those are the people that want Diddy to go to jail. They got to finish questioning Cassie yesterday. And it was, so she's done, she's done speaking to them to, well sort of, kind of 'cause they could come back again and ask her more questions on a cross examination. But they're done speaking to her without any rule, like interruptions or like basically setting up their premise with her. Okay. And now Diddy's team gets to come in and kind of like dissect the things that she said to them and kind of get their own narrative out there a bit.


So I'm really interested to see what's gonna happen when that does happen. But yesterday in court, Diddy's family was there. Interesting enough, his daughters weren't there yesterday. A lot of people were wondering, like the day that Cassie first started testifying, why did, why did they stay in the courtroom? Because it was very graphic. And they weren't in the courtroom yesterday. They weren't in the courtroom yesterday. It was Diddy's mom, Christian, Justin, and Quincy. So Diddy's sons and his mom were in court, but the, the daughters were not there. Like they had been a lot of the other days. And maybe they just needed a break. It is a, it's, it's a long day. We're in there from like nine to five just listening to people talk. Yeah. And listening to legal draw.


Like they talk so legal 'cause they're lawyers, so it's like you gotta decode stuff. But yeah, so the prosecution, when I, when I last talked to you guys here on the podcast about this, I said that, I don't know, I wasn't really convinced that they had a case. But yesterday, Emini here, it took them a minute to get to where they were going. I told y'all they left off at, at a good leaving point where they were showing puff, taking Cassie's things back into the court, Emini here, back into the hotel room. And what I meant by that was 'cause tell, I know you asked me after the podcast, what I meant by that was their job right now is to show that not only was, you know, people being paid and traveled for sex, but that people were being kept against their will made to do things against their will and made to do things because there were threats of, you know, blackmail and, you know, all these things.


Right. Yesterday, that's what they leaned into. So yesterday Cassie was on the stand and they talked to her a lot about the abuse. Like when I say they spent so much time and they have been, they spent so much time on the abuse. But they started to get into how the abuse went into her basically being trapped, allegedly, and not being able to leave the situation. So they, they open it up talking about abuse. And one of the, the things that they ask her is, why didn't you ever just fight back? Or was there a time when you fought, fought back, right. Physically fought back. And Cassie starts to talk about a time where she fought back and she says that, you know, puff was like astonished. Like he was confused, he was shocked, but it made him more angry.


And of course it, it just made things worse. So she learned, you know, pretty early that like you don't fight back. But she did try at some points because I think people are making it out to be that like she wanted to be in this situation and they were trying to establish that she didn't. Now another point of the video that they really focused on that last day of testimony when I did this, the last podcast episode before this one, please make sure you guys go and listen to that was the phone because Diddy's team has been really leaning on, yo this is just a jealous, toxic relationship. And y'all are arguing about a phone in that CNN video, the beating video from the hotel. Cassie's testimony yesterday was that Diddy's, that phone that was in Puff's hand was her phone.


She took, he took her phone allegedly, and then her clothes back into the hotel room. So she couldn't go anywhere. She could, she could barely even call an Uber to leave. But she talks about finally getting out. And then even after she got out, Diddy then came to her house and it was like a whole thing. And they also have her talking about this black eye that was in question whether she got, whether she didn't get, but then they, they they, they, they kind of fast forward. Now what they really spent a lot of time on yesterday is establishing how the escort service or system that Cassie and Diddy had with work and they actually showed text messages, which I'm sure the prosecution, I'm sorry, I'm sure the defense Diddy's team is going to try and better explain.


Today they showed text messages of Diddy actually being more involved in getting people places. So he would, they would talk about different people that they wanted to, you know, do these sexual encounters with, and there were text messages, Diddy literally saying like, oh, fly them in. You know, things like that, which goes into the trafficking. Now I had brought up the definition of trafficking And I know when we talk about this on The Breakfast Club, I'm gonna need it because a lot of people are confused about that as well too. Now the, the, the, the definition of trafficking that goes into the Men act is the transportation of individuals across state lines or intentionally for the purpose of prostitution or any other immoral purpose. The, I asked yesterday in court to clarify because I was, I was talking about this on The Breakfast Club, the difference between an escort and a prostitute, a escort is not supposed to, there's not supposed to be an exchange of money for sex.


A prostitute there is prostitution is illegal. So you see what they're doing here. Like they're, they're, they're putting the two together. Like, okay, y'all are getting these escorts, but they're paying, but they're having sex with you guys for money. They may took time to like really verify like, okay, Cassie, in what states did you guys have sex? So it would be the same, like she would name like five different escorts and then she would name like five locations where they flew him to, to have sex, right? None of the escorts yet have said they've been kept beyond their will or anything like that. But just the act of doing that is illegal. Okay? And then they show text messages of Puff saying, yo, fly him out. So now they're providing exact like proof. That's been the thing. People have felt like the prosecutors don't have proof and now they're like, oh no, here's our proof.


But, but another thing to date leaned in yesterday, And I felt like this was what changed my mind about the prosecution and whether they're approaching this is the black male. So Cassie had talked about how Diddy would mention like different black male videos when he was upset. So if she like dated somebody else, if she, you know, made him upset, he would threaten to release different freak off videos. Now she said that she had said that there were a couple times where she actually tried to go and date other people. She talked about Kid Cudi and trying to date Kid Cudi. And then she alleged that Diddy told her that he was gonna blow up Kid's Cudi car kid, kid Cuddy's car. And you remember that happened? Yeah, they, they didn't link Diddy to that.


You know, the police didn't. But Cassie is saying that it was did that did that, there was a time where Cassie talked about, she was just having a conversation with the manager. It wasn't even a flirtatious thing or a sexual thing somewhere. And, and Puff got upset and she was, you know, beat for that. And when she moved on with Alex, fine, she alleges that Diddy was texting her and it actually showed text messages. Matter of fact in court, not even alleged, they showed text messages from Puff texting Cassie about Alex fine and saying, I want my money back. Because remember he was paying Alex fine as her trainer. He's like, yo, gimme my money. I paid him and you was having sex with him. Uhuh run me my money. But he's threatening her. He's like, yo, you know, you got a lot of skeletons in the closet, right?


Don't play with me like that. Like you out here dealing with this man that I hired. Don't play with me like that. But doesn't that now kind of indicative him holding, holding her against her will. 'cause she is able to date other people. She is, but all you have to show is that there was some threat. Okay? Sex trafficking is a form of human trafficking. It involves compelling or coercing a person to engage in commercial sex acts often through force fraud or coercion, forced fraud or co coercion. It's like she's in this relationship where she's, she kept saying it was her job to do what she was doing in the free calls. Right? Which I think is gonna come back to Butter in her ass.


But she's doing all of these things and people are like, well, why don't you just leave the relationship every time she missteps. It got to a point where he was threatening her, oh, I got these videos, oh, I leaked these videos. And there was one point she said she was out in Atlantic City and she ran into somebody who said that DJ Woo Kid had had talked about seeing a, a video of her allegedly. And it scared her because she was like, it has to be a freak off video. So her and Puff wasn't really speaking too much at this time. She called him and Puff was like, yo, you need to have a conversation with him, bring him back to New York with you. Puff sent his security to go with Cassie to sit down with Woo Kid and this other guy and have a conversation about what did y'all see and where did y'all see it? Kind of like to scared him so that the videos wouldn't go anywhere. Like that's like a, that that literally, that's it.


So was it though, was it what? That she never saw the video. Oh. Like it never went anywhere after that. So she didn't know, but it just scared her like so bad. So here are some of the things that I think won't work to Cassie's favor. So like after yesterday, I do feel like, you know, Puff's team has it made out for them. For real, for real. And Emini here that in a way of like, they got a lot that they gotta fight it back against. And I'm not, I'm not, I'm not nervous for them because I, that first day my mind was blown by how well Diddy's legal team was able to jump in, find loopholes, lean into certain things. But here's what I think Cassie is going to be up against. Right? There were a couple times where Cassie said things where it was like, it just didn't make any sense, even if you were a victim, whatever the case may be.


So the first thing is she talked about the rape that allegedly happened in her home. So her and Puff had stopped dating, she was dating other people. She had actually just started dating Alex Fine, who was her trainer at one point and is now her husband and her kid's father. And they, you know, she said that they would check in here and there, you know, just to check in on each other. They decided to go to dinner, you know, for some closure. And dinner was so great. Like they had a great time. It was fun. So after that he took her back to our house. He came in the house, she alleges that he then raped her in her living room on the floor, right? So the rape happens and then she, she, she, she sees him within the next couple weeks after that.


She chooses to voluntarily hang out with him. After that prosecution instantly points out, well why would you do that? And she's like, well you can't help, you know, if you've, you've been with somebody and love them for over 10 years, you can't just erase that. In my mind I'm like, I Emini here. I guess I hear her because you wanna believe all victims. But like, that makes no sense. If the rape was to the point where like now you found a lawsuit and you sitting here on the stand, why would you choose to go back with him the next week when it's fresh in your mind, your body and your soul. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, I think that that's one thing that they're gonna tear apart about. They're also gonna tear her about, part about admitting that she wanted money because she felt like she was owed because of what she went through and the timeline of what she talked about, where she received the money and the money I'm talking about is Cassie had filed a civil lawsuit, which kicked all of this off alleging that Diddy, you know, was physically violent to her, mentally violent to her alleging sexual assault, all these different things.


And she'd asked for $30 million yesterday in court for the first time ever. We found out how much she settled for, she settled for $20 million. When they asked her how did she come up with $30 million? She said, I don't know, I just like made it up. She literally said, I don't know, I just like made it up. I felt like that's what I was owed for the, for for what I went through. That's not enough. I, I Emini here. I don't know if you can put an amount of money on going through. You can. I'm not going, you can't take away what Cassie went through, right? We saw photos of her yesterday of her bruises and you know, her face all swollen up and you can't put money on what she went through. And no one can take that away from her. And I'm not saying this to say that she didn't deserve to be compensated or whatever she thought she deserved, she deserved it.


What I'm saying is that when you get on the stand and you admit that you like you were you, you caught the cause and effect because of this. You asked for money. I think the defense is gonna lean into that because if it originally they were trying to call it a shake down, but to her point, a lot of the things she asked for, the money for we now know did happen to her. We saw it on video. You get what I'm saying? But in addition to that, she told a story about when she was, was originally trying to get, 'cause a lot of this came from too, before she filed that lawsuit. She was trying to release a book. She wanted Puff to read the book and you know, she was gonna move forward with it after that and blah blah blah. But basically they played the book. They played her like, bro, you don't got the balls to put this out.


This ain't you, this ain't, you know what Emini here. And she was like, it was given that she was like, oh, okay, bet I'm tired of y'all thinking that little old Cassie doesn't have a voice. Watch this. And then the lawsuit dropped. I think that there, there, if, if you're a good attorney you can try and pull out motive of like, no Ill will. Like, you know what Emini here, like yes. All of these things are true. And the and and the prosecute Emini here, the defender, the defendants, the defendant, the people defendant Diddy haven't ran away from the fact that he was a messed up person. He was messed up. He put his hands on her. They can't run away from it. They have evidence of it. But I think that it's gonna really come back to bite her in her behind. When she came out and she decided to say, well because of, because you didn't take my book serious.


Boom, run me my money. And I don't know exactly how you plan today. I don know the laws around that, but I just know listening to it, I'm like, man, they gonna tell her. I I, I'm like almost like a little nervous for her. Especially 'cause she's so pregnant and she broke down crying yesterday talking about, you know, she was suicidal. She, she said that this was in 2023. She, she was attempting to run into traffic at one point and her husband stopped her. At this point, Cassie has been gone from Diddy. She's a mom. She's outliving her life again. She still just couldn't shake the trauma of what, you know, she went through. Yeah. In the aftermath of dealing with Diddy. Like there's no way that this is not revictimized re-traumatizing her. Yeah, Well my child and my stomach be kicking every time we talking about this case.


Really? Yes. He, He don't Like him. No, he's uncomfortable with this. So I can only imagine. And she's due before me. Like I can only imagine what she like emotionally, what she's going through. Yeah. What girl? The way she broke down, she was strong the whole time, but the way she broke down, even though I feel like I don't believe a lot of things after hearing her have a conversation yesterday, I still look at her as a victim. Yeah. Like for sure, for sure. A hundred percent. I I just, I don't wanna judge too much 'cause I've never been in that position, so I don't, I don't fully understand the, like you've saying before with that one incident of going, getting raped and then going back like that doesn't, doesn't make any sense to me.


Or like other stuff you Said said, it doesn't make sense to us, but Like wanting his approval, like I don't, I don't know what it feels Like why I Don but I think, I think the biggest thing that I learned from this, And I guess this is what we take away from the episode, is, is like you really can't judge a person in this situation because you know what's crazy? What I thought about after all that too is she held Diddy down for a long time because we knew she was going through things and we had heard certain stuff, but when I tell you the extent of what she dealt with yesterday, when I saw them photos, I'm like, man, she kept quiet and smile some days she was literally, her face was so swollen the next day they would literally ice it all day and then just put makeup on her and she'd be popping out at red carpet, premieres with him smiling the next day.


I couldn't hear. She held that down for years. That's why he paid her the money, I'm sure. Because he knew, you know what Emini here, he knew what he, you know what Emini here, what had happened, like held her down for years. Also Emini here, she held him down for years, man. Like people can't come at her about a lot because she took a lot, she held onto a lot. Also make note that you guys, listeners and little riders, you guys to know what Lauren's talking about. Like she's in the courtroom. Some of the media outlets aren't putting out every single thing that's going on. Yeah. So you have to read the what transcript? Yeah, Trent, inner City Press. They're, they're tweeting live from the court, but yet we in the court, and when I recap, I don't really think about like Emini here.


I guess I'm thinking about headline, but I really just be wanting to tell y'all what is going on and what I'm witnessing. And it'd be so much stuff. Like I'm sitting here with my notes right now trying to prepare and I'm like, Lord, I shouldn't have fell asleep last night. But thank y'all for tuning in. This is the latest with Lauren La Rosa, I'm your host, Lauren La Rosa, this is your deli. Dig on everything. Pop culture and the conversations that shake the room at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about and y'all could be anywhere doing it, but you right here with me. So I appreciate y'all. I promise y'all we gonna balance out the news a bit more. I just feel like once we start to get to, once we start to talk a puff, it'd be hard to kind of pivot. It's so much stuff here. But thank y'all for tuning in. I'll be back in my next episode. So You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.