
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break Life is an act of constant reinvention.


That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


So I know in yesterday's, just with the mess, we talked about Tank saying that he wants to retire. Yeah. Yes. Tank. The Boxer tank. Yeah. Devonte, Devonte Davis. Devonte Davis. For all of us that are close to Baltimore, Delaware, Philly Jersey area. Some of us call him Tank. My bad, y'all Javonte Davis. Now a lot of people were like, You know what, that's Cap. He is not retiring. It's not happening. But he talked a bit more about why he is making the decision after a few fights, to step away from boxing. Let's take a listen. That's why I don't want boxing more. I want to do therapy. Right. But I feel as though if I do therapy, it will lose the fire that I have inside me. I want everything out of me. We though, I don't ever think about fighting again. I don't think about even getting angry.


You know what I mean? Because I have two girls, two daughters. I wanting to be much softer. You know what I mean? Be more humble and things like that. I've always actually thought about that. Just in general. What's that like C like when you go to therapy, I feel like when people go to therapy and it's successful, you see the difference in them just by their demeanor, their tone, their patience. And I always thought like when you do things like where you have to be like sharp and kind of like aggressive a bit, do you, do people avoid therapy because of that boxers? But that's, that's some people, broadcasters like Yeah, that's Some people. 'cause You know, a lot of people just feel like boxers are very, very aggressive. But if you ever talk to Mike Tyson or you talk to Floyd Mayweather, you see them with their kids, they're very calm, very sensitive, very mild manner when it comes to their families.


Well, maybe Take might be different. No, I think, I think even with Mike Tyson, like, You know, Mike Tyson has done a lot of work on himself. So you get a different version of Mike Tyson. But You know what people probably don't understand sometimes when it comes to, You know, those sports, especially like boxing. A lot of that times when you got that, that pain in you or that hurt, you haven't dealt with that trauma. That's what you, that's why you're able to go in there and, and project. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. You're able to go in there and project that on other people. So yeah, if you do go to therapy and start smooth off them rough edges, I can see where you, I see, I can see what tankers talk about where you could lose that. Yep. Yeah, I, I even thought about that. Like for like actors and music artists and stuff like that too. Like people that get in the creative space because of their trauma. I always think about that as well. Now I do know y so yesterday the, what you guys were talking about was the presser he did with Roach Jr.


Yep. But he has talked about wanting to possibly get back in the ring or just the, the option of whether he will Jordan it or not with like Shakur, Tia, FIMA Lopez. He doesn't wanna do Shakur. Right. He says there's no point to it. Tia, fma Lopez, lone Chenko, Devin Haney Shakur, those are all great fights for Tank. Well, I don't know how many of them he will or will not take, but I just, I mean I think it's a great thing. He wants to do therapy, but I, I just, I'm thinking about like life after boxing for him. Right. If he does, if it does make the change that he thinks is gonna happen, but I I, I think it'll be good for his, his family and his kids. So now moving on, speaking of therapy, Dr. Cheyenne Bryant, You know, she's been up here. She's a friend to the room. She sat down with her show that she has on Fox Soul and it's called Truth Talk, truth Talks on Fox Soul.


She's a part of that cast. And on that show she's a life expert. So they talk about different people's lives and different things that are going on. And they got into the conversation of Neo and You know, Neo now lives a the relationship where he's able to be with multiple women. At one time they started discussing that, let's take a listen. What is neo to you? Dr. B, he's, he's a womanizer. He cheated on his wife and that's why she left him. He didn't cheat once he cheated over and over again. He's a womanizer. He's gaslighting himself and that wife to make it seem like he wants polyamorous. When you never wanted polyamorous from the beginning, you wanted to be married but didn't have the discipline to do it and your wife left you. 'cause she didn't tolerate that. And so she pivoted from you and now you're going and he's making these other women pay for the heartbreak that he calls to himself by saying, I wanna be polyamorous.


That's bs you wanna be married. You don't have the discipline, you don't have the tools to do it. So now you wanna make sure you put out into The World, look at me. I wanna be polyamorous because I cheated. No, you failed in your marriage. You're, you're effed up. And that's the problem. Now you need to heal from that. And I have these self project, your pain onto these women about your messed up decision making o period. Okay. I couldn't even say the word 'cause I would never be in that type of relationship. But I wonder if it if if it was the Opposite Polynesian sauce, Polynesian, Polynesian, Polyanna or poly whatever. Ain't nothing about me. Poly nothing. But I wonder if it if it's the opposite. If, if he thought he wanted to be married, but he's actually happy and not married, You know, I wonder if he, he, he thought that he could, could be married and he wanted to be married and didn't like it. I wonder if it was the opposite type of thing. 'cause everybody's relationship is different, You know? Yes. And I would like to offer a third opinion.


Neil got how many wives now They, they're his girlfriends. I think his Girlfriends or girlfriends? There's two, I think got three. Got two or three. Yeah. Two or three. Two Is his wife and two girlfriends. No, he Doesn't have Wife. The wife left him because he got other, he got divorced. Yeah. He was cheating and About. Oh, okay. So all I, I understand that. So you was with your wife, your wife wasn't on what type of time you on? So y'all ended up getting a divorce and now you doing what it is you want to be doing? Correct. If it's working for him, I don't see the issue. Yeah, It could be, like I said, it could be the opposite of what she said. It could be he tried marriage, he didn't like it, it wasn't for him. And this is where he's happy. I I totally agree. So I hear what you guys are saying And I think that that could be true. It also could just be guide math.


Because as a woman, I think on one end it's like, if that is for him and that's what he wants to do, great. Go do that and be honest about it. But on the other end, I have encountered, And I think that there are other women that can speak to this too. Men who cop out of full commitment by saying things like, I don't believe in monogamy. No, you're just afraid to fully commit and be vulnerable. 'cause that takes a lot of work to Lock that sound like that, that sound like you're trying to tell that man what it is that he should feel. But if that's his reality, if his reality is hey he he don't believe in monogamy. This what works Better for Me. These be the same men. That's why I said be honest, because the men I'm talking about will be the same man that is trying to be monogamous with you. But then when they mess up, it's like, oh, I don't think I really believe in monogamy. But they they're trying to be monogamous with you.


It doesn't make any sense. Well he was trying, that's the whole point of trying. And then you realize that I can't do this. But why like, it happens. Like, so once you, I don see the Issue here. Once you realize it, then you should go live that lifestyle and stop trying because you did Neo Did Exactly. Neo did. That's what I'm saying. It's good for him that he realized that he was being honest and he moved forward. 'cause a lot of men don't. I'm sorry. A lot of men lock in. I'm sorry Lauren, but you did what show It triggered Lauren Itch. No, it, it triggered Lauren. Sorry Lauren. I'm sorry Lauren. It Did not trigger me. Yes It did. It did. Because you started talking to whoever that guy was that did that to you. What's his name? I am so sorry that Happened. What's his name? Is he from Delaware? I don't, of course he's from Delaware. Don't. First of all, I don't date people in, in Delaware. Yeah. You Know, when people start getting nervous, she start grabbing my cups, stop moving my cup around, Start Cleaning up, You know, cleaning up on you come with this, you come with This.


And she be and she be telling lies that can easily be disproven. Oh, you don't date men in Delaware. Now every man in Delaware looking like in life when they were standing in the line, I'm the pape. I dated Lauren LaRosa, I dated Lauren LaRosa. I lived in Delaware for a majority of my life. So yes, I've dated men in Delaware, but I, I don. So why Would you lie and say you don't date men in Delaware? You see how fast I Now Lauren LaRosa right now. I'm not dating anybody in Delaware Right now. Okay. Vy, you done with that cup? I'm done with that cup. We can clean up around Brad. You got Charlemagne. You need something cleaned over there. I we gotta get outta here. Well That's just Ute ne the mess with law and Osa let him live his life. I think Neil, but Neil did exactly what it is you say you want guys to do. Be Honest. Be honest. That's, That's it. That's right.


Dang, that took the whole time. No, That is just what the mess with Lauren and Lauren. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done? They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I, I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also sent me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime we might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.