
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in Everybody. You that Exclusive. Dunno if you don't lie about that. Right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la Rosa and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa, your daily dig on all things pop, culture, entertainment, news, exclusives. But y'all know we're gonna get into those conversations that shake the room. Now, I'm your host, Lauren, LA Rosa, and Lowriders. We always kick it off with a behind the scenes of the grind, check-in Back on the grind, Which is normally where I give, you know, myself, my guests, whoever is here to be on the pod sometime to talk about how they feel.


Normally it's one word and then you have to explain the word today. If I'm putting how I feel into one word, I am blessed. I don't know what else to say besides I'm blessed today. This past weekend I got to spend some time closer to home. I didn't get to see family the way that I normally do, which is always so different for me because I'm like very, very, very, very, very family oriented, like super traditional. We do every holiday together, any free men. And I get, I, you know, I'm going to see my family, going to see my grandmother, going to see my mom. And I was working this weekend in Philadelphia for the Roots Picnic. I did a conversation on Friday in honor of the new BMF series that is coming to Stars on June 6th.


So I did a conversation with DaVinci who plays Terry or Southwest Tee in the show, if you guys are familiar with the show. He's one of the main characters and a music supervisor named Big Tank, who is the person that basically makes sure all the music is popping and it's what we wanna hear when it comes to the show. And being in Philly, being closer to home and, and you know, I was like, I was in such a, a space of like, okay, do I go home? Do I, you know, head to Delaware, do I like all of the things? But I told myself that I was gonna take this weekend after I finished that gig. Oh, I also got to talk to Malcolm d Lee and Black Thought as well, last minute. They needed a moderator for a final conversation at the venue I was already at.


So I was like, okay, yeah, bet. Which was an amazing conversation because the Best Man unfinished business, Malcolm De Lee's new book, it's here, it's out, it's, it's, well, it's, it's, its coming out. So getting to talk about that and then talking to Black thought about just the roots picnic and you know, the history and the culture of the roots and all those things were amazing. But as I'm in those moments and I'm like, man, like this is fire. Like I've, you know, growing up in Delaware, you hear, I've never gone to the Roots picnic, but all my friends have gone. You know, it's, it's, it's such a thing. I'll be here and be a part of it as a blessing, but also I, I'm like, yo, I'm so blessed because I'm actually, you know, I have a lot going on And I get to sort through that, but I'm actually able to make the decision of, you know what, I'm gonna prioritize me this weekend and not feel guilty about it.


And that's a blessing for me because when you are the oldest girl in the family, the oldest sibling, but especially the oldest girl in the family, you are like the unofficial family manager. And a lot of times you don't get to make decisions just for yourself. And when you do, you feel so guilty. And I, I had a guilty feeling for a little bit and then I told myself like, you know what, it's okay. Like it, you have a really busy, you know, next couple weeks coming up, but getting back into court, the BT awards are coming up with y'all be an LA attending and then you have time off to come home and be with your family. Take this time for you, take this weekend for you. It is a blessing to be able to do so to afford to do so, but it is also a blessing to have the ability to even know, hey, this is what I need.


So I did that and, and that was great And I got some time to like really just do nothing. And like, you know what, Emini here, like that always feels good to do nothing. I, I could have used a bit more sleep, but I did get some time to do nothing. So I'm here, I'm feeling blessed and going into the latest because y'all The Breakfast Club that started some trouble, okay? And, And I try to keep The Breakfast Club things and the stories separate than the podcast, but I felt like here on the podcast I could give you guys a better breakdown of, you know, what happened. So Cardi B offset Stefan Diggs this weekend. There was like a whole thing last week on The Breakfast Club.


I did a segment, joined the latest with Lauren Rose on The Breakfast Club where we talked about the fact that Offset recently filed for sponsor support. Now here's, here's how I like to break it down. This is why I'm so great that I have the podcast. I'm so blessed again that word I have the podcast because I can take time to talk y'all through things that I wouldn't have the time to take y'all through if I'm on air at The Breakfast Club, even if it comes up, the time is just not the same 'cause it's me and three other people in the room. So when I do stories, even if I'm not breaking the stories exclusively, if I'm just speaking on them, it is important to me that especially for certain subject matters that I reach out to all parties involved. Emini here I'm gonna talk about it regardless. It's, if I'm not telling The World new information, I don't, I don't always feel the need to Just say, Hey, we're gonna talk about this, but if there are certain things being claimed and you know, things of that nature, I do do that because I would want somebody to do it for me.


So I got in, I saw the story, honestly, I saw the story the night prior, read through it. I'm like, okay, well it's kind of weird to me that offset his asking for Sal support because Offset is very successful. Offset makes Money, offset is an entity on his own. You know what Emini here coming from Amigos. But now you know, he's his own artist and he has songs and he's doing the fashion stuff and he like, he doesn't need money from Cardi B to live. So I'm like, okay, this is odd. So I instantly reached out to one of my team members who normally reaches out on that side for me and I'm like, Hey, on to do this story. You know, there are other outlets that are angling this as if Offset needs this money because he has these tax liens.


But I went back And I researched and I'm like, but the tax liens were there. Like we found out about the tax liens the same time that we found out about the divorce. And it's been months since then. So if that were the case, he would've asked for spousal support a long time ago when the, when Cardi B first said that she wanted to get a divorce and that, that that's not the case. So this can't be the reason why can we try and figure out why? What is going on? Why is he asking for SP support? So I had that person reaching out and then on my end I picked up the phone, I, you know, called Card's team and said, Hey look, you know, here this story is out. I'm going to report it.


I've reached out on both sides. I'm, you know what Emini here, I'm just doing the courtesy because I, I'm trying to figure out what is happening here. In the midst of me doing that, we had received a statement from someone on Offset's team and the statement read this, and here's exactly what I said on The Breakfast Club, offset team says that he does not need the money that this was filed because he alleges that Cardi B was trying to come at him on things that were not fair. He alleges that she wants to decide when he can see the kids. He also alleges that Cardi B is asking for everything like the properties and the cars. So his attorneys did this and he also alleges, and this is a big allegation, he also alleges that he did this because Cardi B is barely ever with their kids.


So now I go back to Cardi side And I'm like, Hey, here's what I've been told from the other side. I am going to give this statement on air. Let me know if you guys wanna respond in any way. If not, it's totally fine. But again, just give you the heads up because I'm like, y'all, this is their marriage. Even though a lot of their stuff has played out publicly, you know, this is their marriage and like their kids are involved. Like the least I could do is give both sides a heads up and, and a chance to speak for themselves. Cardi, I I was told that there was no comment from Cardi side at the time, and then we went on air and we did it baby the weekend, weekend Cardi B got on Twitter spaces and went off on set. Tick. Listen, The fact that I'm waking up right now to see that this and his team, I don't, I know it's not his team.


I know it's, it's his gonna tell The Breakfast Club the only reason why this mother asking for spousal support, because I was asking for everything and because I don't be with my kids. Yo, you such a s right to my mother, I want you to die, but I want to die where you die. I want you die slow in the bed. And why you dying? Think of me. When I first filed for divorce, my lawyer filed for, and this started spasming, right? So I told my lawyer, I asked for no child support because I wanna be done with this marriage. Like I feel like I'm tied up. Woo. Okay.


So of course this caused like such a a, a tumble down of things because now you have like though God, Stefan Diggs gets on Instagram and he does a swipe through and Cardi B is in the swipe through. The last swipe through is qua bro from the Migos who we've known that also has had some like, you know what Emini here, they, they they family, but like they've had bad blood and you know, things of that nature saying this. And I'm like, oh God, as soon as I saw Stefan Dick swipe through, I'm like, okay, glad you like, you know y'all in love and y'all doing y'all thing. But when I said it was so petty, I was like, oh my God, all said is gonna get online and he's gonna respond to the things and lu her mercy.


So then after that, Cardi B posted her own little swipe through a thread thread on Instagram. Stefan Diggs is in the thread. Cardi B's also wrapped up in Stefan Diggs. Like he, he wore this like furrow sha Shaw thing to the Met gala. Cardi B is wrapped up in that in one of the photos she's like naked, but the Shaw in one of the, and she looks gorgeous by the way, but I'm like, okay, yeah, alright, so that causes that back and forth. And then there are tweets that I I I haven't been able to respond Emini here respond, haven't been able to confirm because I went to offsets Twitter and didn't see these tweets.


So I don't know. But there are some reported tweets of him of offset responding, calling it like seemingly responding. Allegedly responding. He tweeted like good PR rollout and he was like spiking a ball. In one of the gifts they posted a gif. It's just like a, it's like a photo, but like, it's like a funny photo. So then you got Stefon Diggs who posted, who went on his Insta story and posted a photo of him catching the ball. He like, okay, caught it. Like if you, that's what you're doing. Yeah, I'm here, I'm with the, and I'm just like, Lord have mercy. Lord have mercy. When things like this happen, it's not our intent to make all of this happen at all.


Honestly, I was just reporting what was already reported. I just wanted to be a little bit more caution able with it or, or have a little bit more caution with it if I could because I'm like, it makes no sense. The man makes his own money. Why is he asking for spousal support? But what I've learned is sometimes these things, you can't avoid these things. Like a, a lot of times you can't avoid these things, whether, you know, you're trying to do the best, trying to keep people in, in, you know, what Emini here lock up with what's happening. Yeah. And it, it is a tough position to be in because a lot of times the talent, the celebrities involved will blame you because you brought it to your platform and you made it a conversation and you whatever. But even with that, I've learned that like there's nothing I can do about that.


Like the you filed for the spouse of support, it was a public filing. Actually, TMZ broke that story. So they, they, they told The World about it first. We're just here talking about it and having a conversation about it. But I always try and do things with good intention. I do, I'll tell y'all that. But I was like, let me get off social media this weekend because her name, her saying in her audio like breakfast, I'm like, oh Lord have mercy. Yeah. So I I, what what I did this weekend was I, I was only posting here and there. I told y'all I took some time for myself this weekend, but I also went down to Philly for the roots picnic roots picnic lineup. Crazy this year they got meat, had meat, meals, Pusha Tea, DeAngelo, Maxwell, all of these people, right?


All of these people. Two days, Saturday and Sunday were the actual festival days. Gorilla. Who else? Lotto. But here's the issue. The first day of the Roots picnic, the, it was, it was predicted the rain. I was actually supposed to, I was actually supposed to go to the roots picnic and like do content for them like officially with the actual picnic. And I decided to not do that anymore because when I saw that the rain was like in forecast and it was gonna rain so heavily, like at one point in time Philly was on a tornado watch And I was so happy that I decided not to do it.


So Saturday basically you get there and the festival doors were supposed to open. I believe we were a little bit after 2:00 PM in the afternoon. When I tell y'all it's cold outside this day it's a bit windy, it's raining. It does not feel like the end of May, beginning of June whatsoever. It's raining and Emini here, like raining, raining, wind blowing when blowing rain. And this is in the middle of a real park. So now it's muddy. The grass is wet. When I arrived And I wasn't even gonna go to the picnic, but after doing the conversation with the BMF stars, I was like, you know what, I'm already here. The Stars team has been so good to me. Some of my friends are doing activations within the picnic. Let me just go and support y'all. We got there. But when I tell you the lines were insane, the lines were insane.


The VIP line, the general mission line. And as soon as I walked up And I saw people standing there in these lines in the rain complaining that the lines weren't moving, I was like man, this is gonna be a social media nightmare. And that is exactly what it was. Of course it went super viral with many outlets covering the fact that people were waiting in line for hours and requesting refunds. And I and the Roots picnic officially actually had to come out and apologize. So they posted on their Instagram, we would like to say sorry, as we shared yesterday, the rain over the last 48 hours made the grounds unsafe and in abundance and caution we had to delay doors opening, resulting in the lines to get into the festival. Please understand safety will be our number one priority.


We worked hard to make sure every artist still got on stage and extended the festival hours all so that they could perform without violating the city noise. Curfews today is a new day because they posted this on Sunday, which would've been the second day of the festival. This was the day, the second day you had Pusha T and Mcil a lot of the acts that people Emini here. People were excited about both days but second day. But there was a lot of hype around it and it actually didn't rain that day. They say today is a new day talking about Sunday and we would do better. There is no rain in the forecast and we are making changes to improve the entry process and communication overall. 'cause that was another thing too, like even me as talent when I got there I'm like, oh we gotta these lines. I don't mind waiting in a line, but I'm like, y'all like this is like insane.


Like I'm, if I didn't have umbrellas I would've been drenched And I'm coming in here as talent that is working with you guys. So I can't imagine how it's for people that just bought tickets randomly. Like I felt so bad for people. I got my Uber and left. Like I, we, I think I was in that, I was there in that mess for about 20 minutes and then I got in there and left. They said that that next day they made the entry process and communication as I mentioned, good better overall. They also increased the number of Roots picnic ambassadors that will be at the front gates because that was another too. Like it just wasn't enough people working it, which is insane because the picnic has been around for so long And I think that was a lot of people's issue. People were requesting refunds and even when I posted my BMF like photos and stuff that I did for Roots Picnic, I'm taking it in the streets to the tweet you for the Every other page.


Our Goal, the people was DMing me Emini here, not DMing people were tweeting me. People were commenting under my photo like, Hey, are you gonna be reporting about this tomorrow on The Breakfast Club on the podcast? Can we get our refunds? Hey, any way you could talk to. And I'm like, I have nothing to do with the picnic. I just was an attendee. But I'm like, imagine if I had done all that official content and kind of like was like an ambassador officially for the picnic this year. Like not that they plan to purposely put people in the position that some people were put in, but I was so grateful that I didn't do it. 'cause I'm like, this would've been something that I don't even have anything to do with that. People would've been looking at me too. So that was my weekend.


But that was a big, like I saw a lot of the blogs posting people outside in the Rain, the mud. There was one like people were like, it y'all, it was a lot. It was a lot going on. But nonetheless, I enjoyed the weekend. I didn't know, I do know that some people left that first day. You know, they were, some people traveled in from states and other countries so they were, they were kind of stuck in Philly. So they did end up returning the second day. Had a good time. I have a bunch of behind the scenes content from the Roots picnic, not the actual picnic, but from the events that I did on my Instagram. I'm Lauren La Rosa everywhere, Twitter and then also my YouTube channel. I have a blog that I'm putting up as well. So yeah, we outside on the internet because obviously I don't need to be outside of the picnic 'cause it was crazy.


It wasn't insane. But this has been the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Thank you guys for tuning on the end. Yeah, tell a friend and tell a friend, you know, low Riders is right here where they need to be at the end of the day. There's always a lot to talk about, about, and y'all are right here with me every single episode to talk about it. I appreciate you guys And I will see you guys in my next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.