
I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did You hear that? You know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey, what's up y'all? It's Lauren La your home girl who knows a bit about everything in everybody. This is the latest with Lauren la where you guys know we give you your daily breakdown and everything. Pop culture and all of the conversations that are currently shaking the room. Now I just got back from the Black Effect Podcast Festival and baby, let me tell you, I left the podcast festival just so inspired and y'all know we start off this episode always asking how are you doing? And Emini here. Like really? How are you doing? Back on the grind.


I'm right now I'm feeling Emini here. Like I'm actually exhausted from the weekend and just, you know, I had family there with me in Atlanta, but at the same time I am so inspired yo like I don't think people talk enough about being able to build out in business. Like there's a couple reasons why I'm inspired. I was at the festival And I did a, a panel that we're gonna talk about here. But when I was backstage for the panel, I was talking to one of the production guys 'cause I was so nervous. 'cause I'm like, there are literally Mandy and Weezy from Decision Decisions, formerly Horrible Decisions podcast here on the Black Effect podcast network and iHeart Media, they introduced me because they were hosting the podcast festival, right?


So I'm backstage and they're getting closer and closer to just calling my name. They reading a bio, they doing all of the crowd get hype, all of that. And I'm like, I'm telling the production guy like the Sage people and I'm like, Hey, I don't have a microphone. Y'all told me that there was gonna be no microphone in my seat, just in the, the panelist seats And I don't got no microphone. Am I supposed to grab it from them? Like that exchange is gonna be kind of weird because they're gonna be actively talking as I come out. So the guy is like, yo, you're in good hands, you're in good hands. So I'm like, okay. Then they literally say my name and I'm like, Hey, I still don't have a microphone. And I turn around and he's like, I got you. And he grabs it and gives it to me and he's like, yo, I got you. I know what I'm doing. And he was like, I know what I'm doing Lauren. I just, then another guy came in and said, yeah he just came off of working and producing the Super Bowl And I turned to Charlamagne and was like, you got money now.


He just was working in producing a Super Bowl and now he's here producing the live black black effect, black effect podcast festival. And Charlamagne was like, I don't got money. I got God. And I was like, you know, heard you. But that moment I was like yo. And just being there and seeing the build out in the different stages and all the people that come to be entertained, but also the celebrity talent and the podcast talent and all of the production crews and just, it is a very well-oiled machine. Like, And I don't think people understand how, how much goes into putting on events, live events but just sustaining business to the point where you can have that many different tiers of, of, of business and people working for you and it like go well and it look good and it look elevated and it's current and it's with ease.


And all of this came from Charlemagne deciding to chase his dream, get on the radio, get on people's nerves, smell a couple seats, you know what I'm saying? Like I just was in real time like yo, this is inspiring. Like all of this tank. And Jay Valentine for the RB Money podcast sat down with Jaqui, Sarah Jakes Roberts for her women involved podcast. Sat down with Regina's mom, Toya, you mental wellness conversations. I did a creator's panel. There was just so much. Who else Kim Newton did his funky Friday podcast with and he sat down in conversation with Portia Williams for Real Housewives of Atlanta. There was so much going on y'all.


And just so many, it was like quality everything. I'm like bro, the budget was budgeting but you could have big name productions in the budget, be budgeting and it still look a mess from the outside time and is off. All of that things flowed. There was food trucks, the food was good, the bar was popping. Like man we gotta give it up. We we have to like, I was like all of this because of a dream. So I'm feeling inspired. Patrick, how you feeling? That's amazing. I'm inspired. 'cause you inspired all that. That sounds like an amazing time. So I'm feeling great. I'm feeding off your energy. You know, we back at it for this week, so forward.


How was your weekend? It, what'd you do this weekend? It was Smooth. I can't even recall. Probably just working, shooting. It's One of those weekends where things were just moving so fast. One after the other. Yeah, but it's all good. We here with it. Well yeah, so Podcast festival next year I'm taking you with me. Yeah, we out at one point. 'cause when I got to the festival I was like, yo, I just wanna go out in the festival. I've never been, this is my first year coming. I wanna just see what it's like, what the activations are, what the food trucks are, like, all of that. People are like, like in real time. Like no, like noticing me. I'm like, and I'm still getting used to all of that stuff. So I'm just like, oh hey. And then we start taking pictures. We took a couple pictures. Next thing I know I look up my manager's having to like orchestrate a line.


Like I sat for three hours during the festival. I missed the whole r and b Money podcast. I missed the first panel. I missed majority of the first half of the festival because once I got in the crowd I was like, I'm not gonna tell these people no. And I actually like love engaging with people because y'all are listening and watching the show. So I met a lot of people though. Everybody had podcasts, everybody had great energy. We was in there praying together, laughing together. I was learning about people's shows. It was just fire. It felt like a, a creator's family reunion. That's exactly how it felt. Music wise, energy, love, like all that energy, like all of that stuff. So the panel that I moderated was called Creatives Creators and Curators Curator.


It was presented by at t and on the panel with me we had Aaron Howard, a king who is a producer. He works with the Black Effect podcast network, but he worked with and and helped create and, and you know, the Combat Jack show, which, you know, when you talk about podcasts and podcasts in a hip hop space and, and a culture space like that show, it's like that show gets pointed to so much because it was the first of its kind and it led and, and and drove like it's, it started a lot of people's podcast careers, seeing what Combat Jack did on that show. Then we had Crystal Renee, Hazlett actress, she also has a podcast as well called Keep It Positive sweetie.


She's also a producer too. She's done a lot of different things. So we talked a bit about that, like just navigating through different things as you go. Ric Ricardo Handy, who is a TV creator and executive and CEO of Sunrise Wise Media, Shante Lundy, she is the owner of Black Girl Sunscreen. Black Girl Sunscreen is currently in 20,000 stores, y'all. And this girl started this with her own savings from her corporate job. So it was a conversation for real, for real, just about figuring it all out as a dreamer and, and really making it work. Now dreams really do come true. Y'all believe dreams come true. Yes. Listen, I know dreams really do come true. Creators on this panel will share with you guys their story of triumph from having an idea that they ultimately walk to life.


There's no perfect way of doing anything. But this panel is here to tell y'all all the good things that y'all need to know about how to get it done. Now, for me being here at the Black Effect podcast Festival and everything that you guys have been watching in my life over the last six months has literally been a dream come true as a creator. Thank you guys. As a creator, you really, you wanna get your story out there. You know what, Emini here and you wanna do good work and, and you wanna build audience and you also wanna make some money. It's hard as a creator, it's a lot of work, but not a lot of returns sometimes. So I'm excited to be here because that has been my journey and I'm excited to talk to these creators who've also probably had a lot of similar things happening in your life that I have had.


Now I'm gonna start with Once Upon a Dream to reality. So Crystal, you started as a stylist and worked your way into acting and producing. What helped you believe that you could take that leap? Wow, first, thank you you so much. I'm proud of you. Thank you, thank you so much for allowed to share space with you. But for me it was, I knew when I came to Atlanta what I was trying to do and there was nothing that was gonna stop me. I had tunnel vision and what I had to understand was that sometimes the route would be different than what to expect. Yes, we think that it's one way to get to a destination. And for me it was not the first thing I did. I called my mom And I said, Hey, I'm moving to Atlanta.


And she said, well pray about it. I had already done that because I don't make any moves without talking about first That like I tell people all the time that the best thing that was ever told to me is, is that you can be dreaming and not be in your current reality because you're dreaming and you're manifesting, but you gotta be able to still take care of your reality. So you gotta pay bills, you gotta keep your head clear so you'll be able to even think and create, which means like it's hard to think, create, feel the energy and inspiration when you worried about how you going to eat, how you gonna pay your bills, you know, those type of things. So you sometimes, you know what Emini here, the route to get to where you going is, is it's twisting, it's up and down. But I think when you go to festivals like this or you go to conferences or whatever the case may be, like when you're moving throughout your day to day as a creator and you, you, you hungry, you just trying to get on you.


You know what Emini here, you want things to work out. You're trying to network up. So that means, you know, you feel like you should only be in conversation with people who can do more for you than you can do for them. Whether it's financially or you know, walking you into rooms or things of that nature. But it has been, there has been so many times where like people that like were interning after I went through an internship have ended up in positions and called me about jobs and, and you know what, Emini here or like you, you just never know who people gonna turn out to be. I was raised that way, like my mom always taught me like you never know who a person is gonna end up being. So treat the person like a person and not like what they can do or can't do for you.


And that is so true. It's like my career has literally been almost like made at certain points in, in certain opportunities I've had because people remembered how I treated them and doubled back and threw things my way. So there's a point that a king made Aaron, Howard made and he has this saying that he says where he's like, you know, relationships are currency, right? Like who you know is, is, is, is money, is gold. And I asked him about how you know, when to cash in on that goal. How do you know when to cash in on that currency? Well you have to have value too. That's part of the currency. You just can't be asking people to do you side. You know, you have to provide some type of value to whatever it is that you're trying to execute.


And that takes time because we are all doing things, we're all working on. I know right now there's like five people in this crowd that, you know, reached out to me. I'm probably telling too much, but, and we try, we're trying to figure out how to do some dope content, but these are five, 10 year relationships. You know, a lot of times what I find is when I talk to people, they get upset, they get frustrated because they might meet somebody, they may not be able to reach out to them or they reach out to them if they didn't get a, a callback or follow up and they get frustrated like, ah, sometimes you just gotta relax and, and and, and do the work. Continue on your journey, see them again. Follow up and present yourself in a manner that shows value.


And I think that it's, it's a two way street Baby when I tell you this right here. Okay, the podcast could have ended right there at that, at that conversation. Emini here, it technically kind of did 'cause our time was winding down, but that was such a major point. One of the biggest things that I've learned because my life, my lifeline or my relationships are the people I can pick up the phone and call whether I need to confirm a story. I need to, you know, book talent. I need to find who I need to be calling to confirm the story. So I gotta call a friend like yo who's the publicist, who's the manager? Who's the this, who's the, that you gotta know when it is time to lean in and time to, you know, what Emini here like to, to just not you not cashing out on that currency.


But the biggest thing that he said outside of just knowing when is you gotta be able to add value in these conversations as well. And I, I was talking to a girl, there was a group of of students there and shout out to y'all if y'all are watching or listening, there was a group of students there from Morehouse and then there was from another college as well. It was like a whole group. And one of the students, she's a girl that is from New York, she asked me, what, what, what is my advice to a college student right now about like how to get to where I'm at from where, you know, like she was like every you, you did the whole college thing, you are a marketing major, I'm a marketing major, like, you know, black girl working in, you know, mainstream media and like doing these different things and you in rooms with people that don't look like you.


Like what have you learned that you would, you would tell us right now that we should be focused on it And working on, I was like, you need to learn the artist staying ready so you don't gotta get ready. Like everything about pop culture, entertainment moves quick moves so quick. I'm snapping my fingers because as I'm snapping something else is happening, another story is breaking. You gotta stay ready so you don't get ready Emini here. So you don't gotta get ready. Really being able to show what you can do and how you can do it in a way that people are wowed, that they wanna bring you back to that table. And also too, I just think you gotta always think about as well, like, people be busy, y'all people be busy. So I like to think like with certain people when I'm asking certain favors or you know certain things as I'm in the building phase and you know, sometimes you need to stamp on certain things to, to make people, you know, just really feel it.


I always think about like, okay these people are, this person is busy, so is what I'm calling them about worth them stopping everything that I know that they're doing because they're going to stop because of our relationship. Is it worth them stopping? And if it's not, I don't call and maybe I wait a little bit until it is worth it. But yeah, so that was just some of the conversations I wanted to make sure that y'all got a chance to take a listen to. But I also ran into, because Sarah Jix Roberts was there during her women of all podcast, all of the black Creatives in LA or Creatives in general in LA if you have lived there for over a year, you have been to one church LA which is a Potter house church. I don't know nobody that has lived in LA that is, you know, wanting to go to church that is a creative that has not at least walked through the doors of that church one time.


So y'all know how attached they are to a lot of creators journeys that have lived in la I know for me that's the church I was going to, I was watching that church up until I got more into my church in Delaware. But yeah, seeing them in person, I was like, oh shoot. Like it was also like, it was kinda like a full circle moment because when I was involved in that church, not even involved that I just used to go, I wasn't like an involved member where they would've known me then, but I was in such a, I remember like man, I was, I was in such a building phase of my life and career at that time. It would be some days where I wouldn't even have money to go to church. I couldn't afford to put gas in my car to go there. We would carpool to church because we were just so broke and just trying to figure it out.


Me and my homegirl sleeping on each other's couches and you know what Emini here, sharing apartments and religion and faith. Even at that time it was all we had for real. Like just figuring it out, going to church, trying to figure it out and, and using church on Sunday as a motivation to get through the week. That following week of scraping together money to just like make things shake for real. So to be in that space as a creator, a new resident of La la to then run into them backstage. I'm at the Black Effect Podcast festival, I'm about to go on stage to host a panel, you know, all of this big life and these things have happened for me and I'm also a lot more rooted in my spiritual journey now with God.


Y'all like it was, I don't know, it was such a full circle moment And I, And I, I actually got a chance to tell them I got a chance to meet them And I almost cried just hugging her because I'm like, she don't even know how much her and her husband in their church got me to where I'm at right now to be standing in front of her because if not, but God, I wouldn't have made it through those years. Those, the, the, my first two years in LA Man, we shout out to my sister Mariah, she's currently on tour with CSA and Kendrick Lamar, she's a dancer and a choreographer. I remember we would literally meet up to sit in the car and just talk and cry because we were struggling so bad and we couldn't figure out why it had to be so tough. And both were from Delaware, so we got really, really close.


But to go through that and then to be back there, it's like, Patrick, I see you shaking your head. You, you like, I feel you. That's crazy. You gotta identify with the right, like it's, that's crazy. It's just kind of, it was a very full circle moment. I, I don't even know how else to put it into words, but to say it like that. So the festival was a great time. My favorite part about the festival was meeting you guys. Like I I I'm like being so, you know, honest about the fact of like, we took probably two to three hours to just like touch the people, like hug people, take pictures. I probably met over three to 400 of y'all literally within that time. Yeah. So the podcast Vessel was fire and talking about Sarah Jakes Roberts and Pastor Toray, TD Jakes actually, as I was coming in to film the podcast, there was a video and reports beginning to surface from his online service today that he is stepping down from.


So in November, November, 2024, TD Jakes had this scare on stage while preaching where he like paused and he was shaking and then he went out and then it was revealed that la it was later revealed that he had a massive heart attack. He actually said that since November, his daughter Sarah Jakes Roberts and Pastor Re Roberts had been leading in the church anyway, we didn't know it, but they've been doing it and now they're gonna fully step in and take over the church. Huge deal. He said that it was because he wants to work more in the community. Let's take a listen. I do think that it's more about his health. I I think that, that that is very prevalent even in watching the video of him announcing it.


You can tell that, you know, although he's been still preaching and doing better, you know, he's older. He's, he's getting up there And I think it's a good idea for him to step away before he works himself into a place where he's not even able to do the things that he's talking about he wants to do. So that news came out, so I did wanna mention it now, tomorrow's episode, we gonna hop back into the topics in the same way that we normally do. This episode was a bit differently. Be different because I really wanted to bring y'all some content in real time from the podcast festival while it was fresh while it was here. But we will still take y'all to the streets, to the tweets you for the tweets, Every other page. Our Goal, I really have been like reflecting so much on just a lot of different things since leaving the podcast festival.


You probably like, yo, y'all probably like, yo, you reflect all the time since you always in your thoughts. I am, I'm one of those people, but I've been thinking a lot since leaving the podcast festival just about what God, like what, like what, what am I learning about God and like and being faithful to God throughout any season and any journey in life right now. Like what my life is teaching me right now about God. Because when I tell y'all my mind was blown seeing all those people who knew me and my story and were inspired and I'm just like, oh bro, like it like we here, it's happening like we here. So I tweeted out what is one thing, what is one thing that your life is currently teaching you about God?


So our Chung responded and said that everything and everything is in all caps, that everything works together according to his purpose, baby. Yes. So Rocky Thunder responded and said, God will never allow me to envision anything I can't achieve. I keep checking all parts of the dream life seamlessly. Baby that hits home. That is how I felt leaving that dang festival. Like, God, what are you doing? What is life right now? Lucky four 20 said he gonna meet you where you at every time, all about Jordan underscore said that he is learning right now that God remains consistent. So if I've seen him carry me once, I know he'll do it again.


Let me tell y'all how all of these are so on point. And I just grabbed these really quick to put in the doc because there were so many replies they all hit home. This whole episode, all I've been talking to y'all are about like people and like their elevation and their expense and of their lives and their careers and just all of these things. And like, like one thing that I can say that I learned that I'm taking with me from this episode and from the podcast festival is you can dream, but when you do it, you gotta do it with God. 'cause the way that he sets you up to achieve beyond your wildest dreams, man, oh my God. Like I'm exhausted, but I'm so full like from this festival. So make sure you're gonna check out the post content.


I'm gonna have vlogs on my YouTube channel. I have many vlogs on my, my Instagram and photos. The photos is hitting baby. I was in all Alexander Wayne the second day. First day we popped out in my sisters Milano d Rouge, like I was cute or whatever. So make sure y'all go check out all of the content on my Instagram, my Twitter, my YouTube channel. YouTube is Lauren la Rosa tv. Some of you guys are already here. Instagram is Lauren la Rosa, Twitter, I'm Lauren la Rosa everywhere. Go find me. Go check it out. If you were at the podcast festival and you're listening to this episode right now, tweet me. Talk to me about what you loved about the podcast festival. If we met at the podcast festival, tweet me, Instagram, me, all that stuff. Let me know, you know what Emini here, how you're feeling post, you know, a lot of y'all have tagged me in the pictures already, but let me know how y'all feeling like after our conversation, after the festival.


Are y'all feeling like I am, I'm, I'm, I'm energized, I'm recharged even though I'm tired, I'm physically exhausted, but I'm spiritually so full and it's a great place to be. So I'm signing out. Tomorrow we'll be back with a full episode of all things entertainment and entertainment news. I'm Lauren La Rosa, I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody thank you guys for tuning in. I tell y'all this all the time 'cause Emini here it you could be anywhere with anybody talking about these things and these topics. 'cause at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about. But y'all choose to be right here with me every episode And I appreciate you guys for that. I will see you in my next one.