
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Life is an act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. These some reimagine the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company,


you are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ and nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Now last night and Thursday night football, the lines beat the Packers. 34 31. Now Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yes. So how y'all feeling today? Happy Friday. Blessed Black And Holly fame. Good. How you feeling? Love to hear it. Yeah, I'm doing good. You know what I'm saying? But You know, let's get into this news because it has a lot. You know, a lot has happened, A lot has developed since we learned what we learned yesterday. So more info is being released regarding the suspect accused of shooting and killing United Healthcare, CEO.


Brian Thompson, outside of a hotel in New York on Wednesday. Now CNN is reporting, they traveled by Greyhound Bus to from Atlanta to New York before the shooting with the company saying they are fully cooperating with authorities in that investigation. Now, police also believe the suspect arrived in New York 10 days prior to the shooting, checked into a hostel with a fake New Jersey driver's license. And earlier in the day, police released more surveillance video of the person, much clearer than previously released surveillance video to show the suspect's face. Now meanwhile, New York City mayor Eric Adams, he seems confident that an arrest will be made soon in connection with that murder. Let's hear more from New York City Mayor Eric Adams.


We are on the right pathway. We feel that we are moving at a steady pace and we are going to have someone apprehended. We don't believe this is a random act of violence. We believe that this was clearly a targeted shooting. And in all of my years of law enforcement, I have never seen a silencer before. And so that was really something that was shocking to us all. So investigator investigators, excuse me, could be close to identifying a suspect. A B, C News is reporting that investigators have sought a search warrant for a place in New York City. They believe the suspect may have been staying. Meanwhile, a report out of the New York Post again that we mentioned yesterday, shows that the bullets used in the murder had the words denied depose and defend engraved on them.


They are su suspected to possibly reference the 2010 book delay, deny, defend, why insurance companies don't pay claims and what you can do about it. Of course, Thompson, he passed away after being shot multiple times outside that Hilton Hotel. You Know, that story of, that story of Brian Thompson also shows me, You know, at least social media wise, how cruel and inhumane people are because there's folks online saying things like, You know, he deserved that because of how many people have been denied and denied and and died because of the healthcare system. All of that may be true, but I don't know what that has to do with that man getting gunned down in the middle of Manhattan. Like I, I don't celebrate or make light of anything I wouldn't want to happen to me or anybody.


I love and believe you me, that could happen to Any of us. Yeah. Not, not at all. And and you see what other health companies are doing. They're actually taking the executives pictures down the website so people can't see what they look like. But, You know, one thing that I did see that, You know, at first they, people thought he was, I don't wanna say a lot smarter, but they thought he was a lot smarter with his, what he was doing. But they said they got the picture of his face because in the hostel, I guess a girl was in there was like, well, let me see your smile, take off your mask. And when he took off the mask, the smile, that's where that picture came from. He did have nice teeth and the only reason I realized he had nice teeth is because people in the comic were saying he had nice teeth. And so I went back to look at the actual picture because then I was a little bit confused too. 'cause the picture did look like two different people. One picture looked like a man, another picture looked like a woman. So I was a little bit confused.


So I was looking like is, You know, who is this person? And You know, in my mind the way my anxiety work, I'm looking at the picture just in case this dude may still be roaming around Around. I'm saying, but we, but we have no idea why Brian Thompson got killed. We don't know what the motive is, but just know that could be you at any given time in this world we live in. So that's right. Be be mindful Yeah. Of how you speak on situations like this. Absolutely, Absolutely. As you're talking about, You know, the motive and you're talking about the healthcare system, of course people are sounding off on social media with all different kinds of conspiracy theories as to why it happened. Now it of course was reported, You know, we talked about what was etched in those casings or the shell casings. Now, university of Miami, doctor Steve Oman, now, he says this comes at no surprise because people are fed up with paying high premiums and being denied basic care.


Let's hear more from University of Miami, Dr. Oman. The realization is that people's anger is potentially not toward the individual, but toward the system. And basically this individual who was murdered was working within the system. So you really have to look at the system that we have adopted in the United States, which is a market based system. You have a company that is owned by stockholders who demand that they get returns on their investments. So that's one of the pressures that comes on on a for-profit insurance company, such as United Killing, Brian Thompson, and anybody who works at these healthcare systems, that's not gonna make the prices low. Nah, it doesn't. But the health, the healthcare system need to do something because the way that people can't get the proper healthcare the way that they, they things that have to get approved for, for care when it comes to cancer care, when it comes to all those things, is very difficult when people are dying because they can't get healthcare.


They're not getting approved or they can't afford it. And if you're dying, what do you feel like you got to lose at that point? Or, or if somebody you love has died. That's right. Right. But once, but once again, You know, that's, that's still not gonna change anything. That's not going and it's not gonna really make you feel better at the end of the day, taking somebody's life like that. So Dr. Ruman, he, he, he went on to say that the US does have the most expensive healthcare system in The World without the option of universal care leaving some 28 million people with no coverage at all. So that further speaks to the point that you were making envy in Charlemagne. Looks like we're running out of time. Yes. You know, Yes. I will say this though, I would encourage, You know, anybody out there who knows something about this situation, you should say something because You know, a person that can do something like that to Brian Thompson in the middle of Manhattan would do that to anybody.


Alright, that's your front page news at 6:00 AM 7:00 AM where, You know, we'll touch base with what's going on in California. Earthquake hit yesterday, so we'll talk more about that. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news Now, last night the Detroit Lions beat the Packers 34 31. The Lions a record is 12 and one. So shout out to Detroit. What up Doubt Detroit. Y'all look really good if y'all don't win the Super Bowl this year. You know, I I I think that's gonna be one of the biggest fumbles in NFL history. So are you saying that you, you don't think the cowboys are gonna get anywhere close now?


No, we ain't still in the hunt. Yo, shut up Man. We are in the hunt, Morgan. Good Morning. It's we're In Good morning. He's saying, what he's saying is he understands what fumbling looks like. That's What he saying. Oh, oh, oh. Got you, got you. What's up Morgan? Alright y'all, let's get into it. So California Governor Gavin Newsom, he has declared a state of emergency yesterday in Northern California in case of reported damage following a magnitude seven earthquake in the Pacific near the border with Oregon. Let's hear more from Gavin Newsom on that natural disaster Signed off on a state of emergency declaration that will allow us to provide more resources, provide some of our National Guard resources as needed.


Access to state fairgrounds waiving some contractual obligations for that part of the state. It's another reminder of the state that we live in and the state of mind that we need to bring to our day-to-day reality here in the state of California in terms of being prepared for earthquakes. So there was a s tsunami warning that was canceled as part of the protocol for any earthquake along the west coast above a mag magnitude five. Now the quake hit near the California Oregon state line shaking could be felt in San Francisco, Oakland and the Alameda. Meanwhile speaking at the event at the border in San Diego, Newsom also talked about immigration, deportation and tariffs. Now while, like while local law enforcement out of California in the state won't help with potential federal deportations, California will also not interfere.


Now Newsom says deportations would have an economic impact on California and including the construction and agricultural industries. He says he also opposes tariffs against Mexico saying if they go in effect, the people in the state who voted for Trump will be the ones hurt. Adding it goes against the U-S-M-C-A trade PAC that was signed during the first Trump administration. Let's hear. Newsom on deportation and tariffs Approach has been consistent. We don't interfere with federal right to advance federal laws with federal resources. California's posture remains. We do not interfere in the federal government's right to enforce federal law using federal resources. We care about border security, but we also care about economic security and we care about two-way trade and we care about our partners on the other side of this border that have well established partnerships.


So this comes as president-elect Trump is called for 25% tariffs against Mexico. He also said possibly Canada as well. And unless more is done to secure the border. Now the governor, he, governor Newsom, went on to say that he is sending National Guard troops to the border to help with the flow of drugs and guns. And they will be working under an agreement between Mexico and the State Department now elsewhere. In news Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell says, any decision on interest rates this month will not factor in President-elect Trump's plans to raise tariffs and restrict immigration. Now while some experts say Trump's plans to raise inflation, Trump's plans will raise inflation. Powell stressed that he doesn't know the details of those plans and he can't make policy based on limited info.


It sounds like he doesn't know a lot. So let's hear more from Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell. We can't really start making policy on that at this time. That that is something that lies well into the future. We have to be, we have to let this play out. Here's what we don't know about tariffs. We don't know how big they'll be. We don't know their, their timing and their duration. We don't know what goods will be tariff. We don't know what country's goods will be tariffed. We don't know how how that will play into prices. What will be the transmission into prices. We don't know how people in the markets and and in the economy will react to that. And we don't know whether other countries will retaliate.


Yeah. So most economics expect the Fed to lower interest rates by a quarter percent this month. Now that inflation has eased a bit. Now what do you guys think about that? I Think that, I think that every economist that I've spoken to says that those tariffs are gonna have the price of everything through the damn roof. Oh Yeah. And You know, for everybody who voted for Donald Trump, because they said it was the economy, man, you think about it, You know, after he gets sworn in in January, if eight, if if if if everything goes up after that, those same people who voted for him are going to flip on him. Yeah. And and people have been saying, I mean, when, when they get those tariffs, they have to pass it on to everybody else. So yes, whatever those tariffs are, it is gonna be, we we are gonna be paying for 'em.


And in case people don't understand what that means, like girlies, You know, when we wanna get our she in and our Teo and our fashion Nova halls, You know, they come from overseas. So expect that those prices will be a lot higher. You know, when, when you look and it's not gonna be the same. But not, but not only that, I mean, 'cause if if he's putting tariffs on from, from all of these different countries, it's gonna be a bunch of different products, You know? Oh, no, For sure, for sure. I'm just saying recognize how it looks. In other words, girlies, get your halls in now before January 20th, You know, if you wanna go shopping for something, probably do it before January 20th is what I'm getting at. Speaking of which, let's talk as we're on the topic of, of Trump. Trump, Trump, his assassination attempt is leading to heated exchanges on Capitol Hill, Republican Congressman Pat Fallon of Texas.


Question, secret service agent, excuse, excuse me, secret service acting director, Ronald Rowe about why he was positioning himself behind President Biden at a recent September 11th service in New York. And in questioning, and in that line of questioning, he would pretty much was asking that the stack of detail, which means the lead security asking how does that person position themselves when they are with a president or someone acting as a president as Trump was that day in Butler, Pennsylvania when he had his assassination attempt. Now let's hear from the Republican congressman, pat Fallon questioning Secret Service agent director Ronald Rowe and what that sounded like on Capitol Hill yesterday. Congressman, what you're not seeing is the sack of the detail off, out of the picture's view.


And that is the day where we remember the more than 3000 people that have died on nine 11, I actually responded to Ground zero. I was there going through the ashes of The World Trade Center. I was there at Fresh Kills. I'm not asking you that. I'm asking Congressman, that's why I didn't charge to show respect. You were not for a Secret Service member that's bunch of horse hockey that died on nine 11. Hold that you were trying to be do not invoke nine 11 for political purposes. Oh, that I'm not. I'm invoking this group. You are, sir. I'm not. You're outta harm. That sound like wwe e Man. It got heated real quick, real fast. Right? So basically, yeah, he was supposed to be answering a question as to why are you positioning yourself behind a president?


And instead he, he, he basically was like, You know, that picture that you're holding up? Yeah. That was us at a nine 11 event And I know you're not bringing up nine 11 And I was actually there, and so he kind of diverted. So, but anyways, the Secret Service has admitted to several failures and handling and the handling of Trump's protection at that rally in Butler, Pennsylvania on July 13th when a gunman opened fire, one audience member was killed and Trump and two others were wounded. Wounded, excuse me. Of course, in the house hearing Roe told lawmakers the discipline of employees who were at fault is still occurring with due process. He is also the secret. He, again, he also said Secret Service failed to secure the rally site, but he wasn't taking that.


He's like, listen, I was at nine 11, that must have triggered him. So I don't know. Yeah, secret Service can't do nothing but take the l about that day. I mean, I don't, I don't even know why they defending that. Like, there, there's nothing you can defend. You know, a former president now about to be president of elect again almost got killed. Yep. You gotta take the l There's, there's, there's nothing you can do to defend that situation. Yeah. Well, there, there you have it. That's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network, or excuse me, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeart Radio app and visit us@bnews.com. I'm on vacation next week. I'm gonna miss y'all. Morgan, Enjoy your vk.


All right, Morgan, wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Boost Your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Alright, We're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength. And Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay.


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.