
AI is rewriting the business playbook with productivity boosts and faster decision making coming to every industry. If you're not thinking about ai, you can bet your competition is. This is not where you want to drop the ball, but AI requires a lot of compute power and with most cloud platforms, the cause for your AI workloads can spiral. That is, unless you're running on OCI, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, this was the cloud built for ai, a pleasing fast enterprise grade platform for your infrastructure, database, apps, and all your AI workloads. OCI costs 50% less than other major hyperscalers for compute, 70% less for storage at 80% less for networking. Thousands of businesses have already scored with OCI, including Vodafone, Thomson Reuters, and Suno ai. Now the ball's in your court Right now, Oracle can cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to oci minimum financial commitment and other terms apply. Offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at oracle.com/strategic. That's oracle.com/strategic.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting the tundra with available, I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car. It's the two-door coop that was there for your first drive, the hatchback that took you cross country and back. And the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust Amica Auto Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.


Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Eating While Broke. I'm your host, Colleen Witt, and today we have very special guests, famous YouTuber, Alysha, Burney, producer, writer, director, Alysha Burn's in the building. And I'm excited to hear your story 'cause it's, it's a long journey for you. Yeah, it is. It's been a long time. It's been a long time. And what are you gonna have me eating today on the show?


I call it Hoodchos, like hood nachos. So yeah, basically whatever you got in the cabinet, I just combine all four ingredients Together. And what are the ingredients? Sour cream, salsa. You could use tortilla chips like regular tortillas. But today we're gonna use Doritos and shredded cheese. Oh, Do you usually use tortillas, chips, or you only do the Dorito Cool. Ranch. Honestly, it's whatever chips I can find, but like, yeah. Oh really? Any chips? Any chips? Okay. There's always chips. Okay. Have you ever done it with like Cheetos? I don't like Cheetos. Not even the puffy one. Oh no, you're tripping. Okay, well we gonna have to judge this dish hard. So before we, well I guess while you, another thing I wanted to share with you guys is that Alysha said that she only usually does this dish in the microwave.


Yep. Which is interesting because I would assume the chips get hot. They do. But you don't like they're not in there for a long time. It's probably like 30 seconds to a Minute. Okay. Just to melt the cheese. And then today you're gonna take one for the team and cook it on the stove top. I am. Okay. Alright. So get into the, the cooking of the cheese so I can eat, cook the cheese. Yes. And then what was going on around the time when you're making this dish? Actually my mom Emini here, my auntie, she taught me how to make this like one day I called her, I was like, I'm hungry. 'cause there was never no food at home. And then she was like asking me like, what's all in the house? And then she told me like literally to combine these four ingredients.


And I did. How Old were you at the time? Probably like nine. And you know, I could only really cook in the microwave or else I was gonna get in trouble. So You was like walking around the house like, Hey, there's some chips here, there's some shredded cheese. And she was like, oh, combine all four. And I was like, okay. And Then, yeah. Now are you a cook at home by nature? Yeah, I am. Cooking is like my love language. Oh, okay. Okay. Like if I cook for you. I love you. When did you start getting into writing and producing? So I started off with sketch comedy. Oh, we should get our chips ready. Really? Do, do however you do put some word. Yeah. Put a lot of cheese.


I Should just cook. Cook all the cheese, cook all of it. Yeah. But yeah, I started getting started with writing and producing. I was very young when I started like doing comedy sketches. I was like 11. I started on Facebook. Like I would hack into my, not necessarily hack, but my mom was logged into her Facebook account on the laptop. So I would log in there And I would just upload videos of myself to her Facebook page. Of course I got in trouble because I'm not supposed to be doing stuff like that. But after that I just started, I kept going with like the comedy sketches. Then I was like, I want to like take it more serious. So last year I write, produced, directed, and acted in and filmed my own short film.


And then ever since then I just keep like producing Films. But take it back to when you were, you said 11 when you started. What inspired you to get into comedy? Even think of comedy sketches. So my mom, she would like always be playing like Kevin Hart and stuff. I thought he was so funny. Still to this day, I think he's very funny. And I don't know, it made me want to like kind of like be like him. 'cause I would always see him, like on the tv she would just replay the comedy stuff back to back. I used to watch, this is a commentary on YouTube, Trey Melvin. I used to also watch Delano Edwards. Who else? There's one more other one T Pendell.


I used to watch all three of them on YouTube and then I was like, wow. Like I wanted to create content just like them. 'cause I thought their content was so funny. So it inspired me. And they were short skits at the time. Okay. And then what was, do you remember like one of your first skits that actually did? Well It was actually a story time. It wasn't really a skit, but it popped off my channel. I think it was types of workers. Like I just, I don think I was like 17 And I did the skit, like types of workers. It was just me like pretending to be a worker and also playing the character as well. So I play like, Yeah, I noticed you'll play different characters. And while you're doing all this, what is your mom saying about this passion that you're developing?


She wouldn't really say much. Like she would just like, I was a kid. She was just like, oh, you know, like, she didn't really say much. But I did have some people like telling me like, oh, you need to stop. Like, I don't know, I was a kid so I don't know. Some people was like saying stop. Because I used to start like cussing in the skits as well. But then it's like, once they saw it, it was like working for me, like making money and like doing, you know, beneficial stuff. Everybody kind of like Started supporting it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And then what were your friends thinking when you were getting into that at that age? Mm. Were they, I would like force them to be in stuff like me and masts Were.


Now, when you were doing this, this was before Vine and all those guys came out. Correct. But I also hopped on the Vine wagon as well. You did? How well did you do on Vine? By the time I like really started popping off, I think I had like 30,000 followers. I was in the eighth grade with like 30,000 followers on Vine. It was people at school like telling me like I'm full of bs. Like it's never gonna happen for me because I would come to school and be like, oh, everybody subscribed to my YouTube channel. Yeah, they would just talk stuff. But now it's like all those people they support now. Wow. Yeah. Now where were you at when you got your first check from YouTube? I was at home.


I remember my first big check. Well actually my first check in general, what grade was I, I was in the 12th. It was senior year of high school And I got like a $500 check. And to me that's a lot. 'cause I was working at the time at Hy-Vee. Do you know what Hy-Vee is? No. I was like a grocery store in Missouri. Okay. I was working there. Oh, you're not even from out here. Where are You from? Kansas City, Missouri. Okay. Kansas City. Kansas City. We coming up on this show a couple times. Okay. Yeah, I saw Bobby was on here. He's from Kansas City too. Yeah. Yeah. He, he, he was an interesting interview. I don't know if you heard it yet, but yeah, he's interesting. So you are in Kansas City, you're in the 12th grade. And at what point did you get the, the notification from YouTube to monetize the channel?


So I started YouTube at a very young age. And the rules were like different then my channel was monetized since I was like 16. But I wasn't making any money 'cause I didn't have any views like, like at the time. But then when I finally got views and stuff, they gave me my first $500 check in the 12th grade. I was so happy. And then I was like, it was in 2020 when Covid had hit, I transferred colleges And I was just so like depressed. And I was like praying to God. I was like, God, like, like if you gimme enough money, like I'll literally leave Missouri and I'll move to la like to pursue my dreams. Like that's all I really wanted at the time. So that next month I got a $2,500 check. 2,500 is a lot from like YouTube.


Heck yeah. And but at this point you're, you're in college, you're not, you're past high school. So you get your $500 check and you're, what are you going to college for? Digital media production. Okay. And at this point, are you still recording on iPhones? Are you buying your own equipment? How are you tap I would record on my iPhone. Like I never bought equipment till this year. Till I moved here. I started taking everything more, more serious. Okay. Yeah. You may wanna put that in that bowl or something. Yeah. Okay. Are you ready to dump the cheese? Let's do it. Let's do it. Make make some hood Hoodchos. Yeah, Hoodchos.


Okay. Go ahead. Hoodchos nachos. All right. Go hood nachos. Okay. So first you need me to make, make yours? Yeah. Oh, I didn't know if you dump it in the bowl or how you're gonna do it. Oh, should we do that? No, I don't. Okay. Okay. Here, just go ahead and You want me to, yeah, I'll do it. Okay. Just a bunch of chips. Right. Okay. And then just lay them out. Just like spread 'em out. Okay. Perfect. Then what? We dumped the cheese. Well let me get some more. Yeah, we gotta put a lot. Get into Hoodchos. Hoodchos. Okay. Y'all make this whenever y'all are hungry and high, Don't forget to turn off that stove.


Oh yes. I don't wanna burn masks off. Oh Wow. We don't want you to burn yourself. Yeah. Wow. That's a, and that's how the cheese comes out. That's thick. That Is thick. All this oil That's in the cheese. So while you're in college, you're praying for this window of opportunity. But you're in Missouri still. I'm just gonna dump this. Oh yeah, it's very oily. Yeah. Is that how it usually comes out when it's out of the microwave? No. Okay. Yeah, you can put this back on the stove. Oh. Ooh. Ooh.


I don Dunno what I was thinking. Ooh, I'm glad you didn't give it To me. Wow. That would've been the first live burn on the show. We would. Okay, so salsa, I'm gonna lather mine. And then what? Sour cream. Yep. So you're in college, you're praying for a miracle, but you do know that your end result is you wanna come to Los Angeles. Yes. So my dad, he moved here like when I was like two and he was out here, he was pursuing his dreams of becoming like a comedian. Also like writing, directing as well. Yeah. This is what it looks like. Yeah, it looks good. It looks official. So he's pursuing his dreams. And is he telling you like the whole time, like you should come to LA and Yeah.


He was. But Was your mom with it? No. No. Not at all. Which I'm glad everything played out the way it did. I wanted to move there, here when I was younger because I just love the idea of LA because all my Did you, did you come and visit before when your dad was here? I visited first for cruise and then I got a while And I had hit me up. They were like, we want you to come down and audition at one of the locations. It was either new, I think New York, Atlanta and then it was LA And I was Like, and they directly hit you up and you're in college? Yeah, I was 19 when they hit me up. I was like So you were making little waves? Yeah, I started coming up. We gotta try This before the cheese drive.


Yeah, We should. Pretty good. I feel like the cheese is thick though. It is thick. I like this though. You like it that thick? Mm, I like it better than the microwave, but I like it on the so too. I'm gonna be honest, these Hoodchos would taste good with just the salsa and the sour cream. Don't you think so? I, I agree. I don't even think you need the cheese. I don't think I'll ever eat Doritos plain again. 'cause this is amazing. Thank you. I'm gonna take one more bite. Take a Bow. Okay. Put yours made up.


Really affordable dish. Fun snack. Y'all. This is the best meal on the show thus far. So yeah, We not gonna say that, but we gonna give it a 10 out of a 10. So it's up there. Am I the runner up though? You a runner up. Like this is definitely good. Like we've had the the nachos, the Dorito nachos. But as far as simplicity, a couple minutes to make, I really like it with the salsa and just the sour cream Though sometimes I do that. Like if I have Doritos I'll just put star cream on them And I That's awesome. Never ever thought to do this ever. So while it now hits you up, so you're getting, it seems like you're getting signs that you should be, you're going in the right direction.


Parents are all supportive. Yeah, at this point. All right, so take me onto the next chapter. So do you interview, do you do the Wild and Out audition? I did, but at the time I was 19. So everybody's like, when I went there, when I'm around people, I don't know, I'm not thinking like, oh this opportunity could change my life. I'm just shy like, 'cause I'm 19. These people were like way older than me. Like they had very big personalities. Like at the auditions everybody was loud. It seemed like they kind of knew each other as well. So I was just sitting there like, just very like shy and timid. I didn't really say too much And I feel like I didn't show much of my personality. I didn't make it, but, well obviously.


But yeah, I feel if I could redo it, I would wish that they would hit me up at an older age because I feel like that I have the confidence now. Back then I didn't. Now what was your falling at the time when they hit you up? I think I was at 200 K on, on Instagram and then On YouTube. Now YouTube is where you make most of your money, But I wasn't popping on YouTube back then. So I feel like they found me on Instagram. Okay. What was your YouTube following when you made the like $2,500 check? Oh it started skyrocketing. Skyrocket


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room at the drink of the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and restrictions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Trust Isn't just earned, it's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs. Over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1 centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta can help you start or scale your security program by connecting you with auditors and experts to conduct your audit and set up your security program quickly. Plus, with automation and AI throughout the platform, Vanta gives you time back so you can focus on building your company. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, our audience gets $1,000 off. Vanta at vanta.com/special. That's VANT a.com/special for $1,000 off.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. So that was the year of 2020. This was October when I made the 2,500.


So in December I hit a hundred K on YouTube. So I'm not sure where I was in October. Maybe like 80 k, I think I was at 80,000. But I was coming up like that's when I popped off. Like some people they would meet me and be like, oh the quarantine queen because like that's when my channel was blown Up during quarantine. And were you doing any day jobs during quarantine? How were you surviving? I wasn't just social media really. That's it. So how are you, were you getting paid enough to survive off social media? Well I lived with my mom. Well I lived on campus but like when I would go home I would be with my mom. So I was good. So you were good. So, but were your checks consistent? Like are they monthly or? Yeah, once a month.


I, I was getting also paid from like promos. People would pay me to like post businesses on that account. What else? That's really it. I did have jobs here and there. I was always getting fired though. Like I worked at a hotel. But What were you getting fired from? Like why? Yeah, I don't know. You just weren't into it. You weren't passionate about it. Yeah. So you're continuing with your YouTube channel and your social media right now you have almost a million subscribers on YouTube. Yeah. Which is a huge fee. It's says you started your channel in 2013. What was like the hardest hiccup in that journey? Like were there hard like moments like even coming up? Did you feel the pressure to come up with content?


Yeah, that's kind of how I feel right now. So at first everything came to me naturally. Like I would just upload like once a month, which is not consistent at all. Sometimes I would go like three months without uploading, but I would just, I had my channel just for fun. Like I was creative so I wanted to like showcase that. And of course I wanted followers too or subscribers. But it, it became hard like when everybody wanted me to start posting more consistently 'cause I wasn't used to It. When you say everybody like fans were reaching out like when's your next post? Yeah. Okay. And I was like, dang, like it's getting real. So I have to post like once a week And I just graduated college like last May.


So when I was in school I had work due but I know I had to post so I was like dang. Like I had a lot To do. And then at this point, like how consistent are the checks? Just still once a Month. Once a month. But the size of the checks are, They go up and down. Like my biggest check that I got one month was 40,000. Never seen it again. 40,000? Yeah. What It Again? You Never, that was one time. That was one time I Was like, but that was during that time I was coming up. So, But was that during the pandemic? Mm, it was in 2021. 2021. Yeah. So that's right after the pandemic. Oh my gosh. So what did you do with the money? I didn't do anything like big.


I just kind of kept it. Do you still have it kind of well Or did you Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you're, you're managing your money now. Do you have, when you get checks like that, like who was the first person you called and did you, did you know that check was arriving or does it come in the mail or did they send you an email? How does it work? So If you go in the app, on the studio app, YouTube studio, it'll like tell you what you're getting that month. When I saw that I was like, what? Like that's crazy. But I was also getting like, like 10,000 a month. So it didn't really like, like affect me. 10,000 a month is really good money. And you are you telling your family like, yo, this is how much money I'm making. So That's the mistake I made. I told my mom like I made a, my first 11,000 in December of 2020 And I was proud.


So I told my mom, she told the whole family like now everybody knows how much I make. So, yeah. And why, why is it like a not so good thing? Because people will start asking you for stuff. Like if you like make a lot of money, they'll start like, I don't know, it's like, I don't Know like when you guys go out to you, they be like, you got the bill, you got it. Like Right. I like that. Like Yeah, I wanna feel like, like, I don't know like when people buy stuff, like if I buy something for somebody it's 'cause I care about them or like, I don't know. I wanna feel like somebody cares about me too. Like that's one of my, oh my love language. One of my love language is like Gift giving. Yeah. Okay.


So like when somebody buys me something, like I feel like, I don't know, I feel like they care even though that could not always be the case, but Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But yeah, so I'm always having to buy people stuff. People expect me to like pay for everything. So that's why I Just say anybody that got money, keep it on the, Did you ever have that conversation with your mom later? So it like if she were to listen to this interview she would be like, oh my gosh, I didn't know that. I'm sure she knows. I think I did tell her like it does bother me when people ask me how much I make from like, Oh really? Are you uncomfortable saying it on the show? Oh no, I don't care. Okay. Like yeah We just, we just talk about it on this show because there's like, our show was like really created for the underdog.


Yeah. And so we're trying to get them to like, don't quit even though it looks, Oh yeah, don't quit. Keep going. I had my channel since 13. Now I'm living off of my channel. So I feel like anybody, that was 10 years ago. So well 11 now. 'cause it's 2024. Yeah. But keep going. Keep. But it wasn't until like years in until you got your first check, right? Yeah. It wasn't like year one. 2020 is when I got my first big check. Oh That's seven years. Yeah. Medication. That's seven long years. And no part of you was like during that journey like maybe I should give up or maybe I should pause this. I loved it so much. Really. Now tell me about your concept process. Is it like you're going through everyday life and then you see something and it sparks like, tell me what that process looks like.


Yeah, everyday life. Like I'll see stuff, I'll be like, I need to make a skit about this. Or I'll see something trending and I'm like, I gotta hop on the bandwagon. 'cause that's how videos go viral. You just gotta hop on what's Trending, like when they're trending. I have this, I don't know if you know him, but James Andre Jefferson Jr. He's such a long Name. That is a long name. I was like, but he's, he's like a, he makes fun of like a lot of the celebrities and trending. But I remember when he was getting into social media, he had discovered that if you could strike while the trending was happening like on topic, then your stuff can trend with it. Yeah, very true. But the turnaround has gotta be like a lot of pressure. Yeah, it is. Because it's like you gotta come up with something quick.


Like how the whole, like what's something trending now? Or we could say like the, like all the submarine stuff going on. Like if somebody makes like a review about how they feel, I feel like that's easier. But if you make like just hop on the bandwagon, talk about what's going on like in the moment. Like even the jaded pinkett stuff that was happening with Will Smith. I hopped on the trend. Like I made a skit, like pretending I was her And I was getting interviewed. Usually I hop on quick, do something creative. What was the one thing that like, 'cause you have 900 almost a million followers on YouTube. Mm. What is the one thing that you did that where you saw like a huge jump in your numbers?


I started doing these videos. What is it? If slavery existed in 2021 or 2022. But I would make like parodies. But I get a lot of backlash from black people 'cause they're like, oh slavery's not a joke. When they were not even running with Harriet and them. But yeah, I don't know. But that's something a lot of people like, I guess. And then the online class videos. 'cause in 2020 those were like, that's trending 'cause like covid and stuff. So a lot of people were taking classes online. So I hopped on that and well not necessarily hopped on that. I created that wave. Like the whole online classes. Parodies. Yeah. That's something. And where did you learn how to edit?


Are you editing your videos or are you having someone else edit? Oh, I Edit them. Wow. And then you sit there with the lighting and the shooting and all of that. That's nuts. My brother taught me how to edit. We used to make videos together. We had a chat on everything. Where's your brother at now? He lives in Dallas. He graduated college in like 20, 21. Yeah, he moved to Old. He's older Than you. Yeah. One year or 11 months. Yeah. It's like my best friend. Aw, I wish he was here. Aw, that's so sweet. Shout out brother. Shout out to Charles. Y'all. So does your brother have a YouTube channel or does he just kind of support yours? He does, but he doesn't, he's not really active on there.


We've not feel like he should be, but he's not active like at All. Is he choosing a different route from you? Yeah, which did start together. Like my channel now that I have now, me and him created that channel in 2013. And then I think it was called like Charles and Alysha and like, I don't know, he just, I don't know. I think when he went to college he just kind of stopped And he just wanted to do what? Do you know what he's majoring in? He Did it informational technology. Okay. So both of you guys are choosing good, well good careers and hard careers at that. Yeah, I know it is hard. So when you moved to la, like what does that move look like? I actually, so I graduated May 6th And I moved out here May 15th.


Like I was not doing no plan. The 2023. Oh, so you've only been out, you're a newbie. Yeah. Okay. So did you move in with your dad right away? Oh no, I moved in by myself. Like I just came up here alone. And what was the conversation with your mom looking like when you make this jump? I was telling everybody, like before I was like, y'all, I'm moving to la. People don't be taking me serious. But yeah, I moved out here. Wait, you moved to la So tell me the story about you moving to la. So I was in college, like coming home from classes, searching up like apartments in la calling them, getting a virtual tours. 'cause of course I couldn't go out there like, 'cause I had to be in school.


So I was searching up like apartments. Like in la? Yeah. So I was doing like virtual tours. I didn't know downtown was as bad as it is. Oh, skid row and all that. You had a nice reality check. I walked outside like, what is this? I didn't know what was going On. So you graduate and you're like, I know I'm moving to la. Yeah. So, And I was making good money at the time for my YouTube channel. So I was like, I'm good. Like I'm gonna just move out here. And my dad, he moved out of LA 2022. But I moved into LA 2023. Okay. So it was like, dang, like he left And I came. Okay. So I was just out here alone. When I first moved out here, I was so depressed, like very depressed.


I started gaining a lot of weight 'cause I was just eating like to fill my voids. Why were you depressed? I was lonely. I would reach out to people. I feel like I'm about to cry, but I'm not going to On this show, people cry really? Just so you know. Yeah. Oh right. This is the safest place to cry. All right. Yeah. But I was just very depressed And I feel like nobody, like back home, like really cared. I would reach out to people, like tell them how I felt. But people would like literally take me as a joke. And I know I like make funny videos And I like do stuff to like shield my emotions. Like I'll be funny or something, but I don't know.


So when you were calling people saying what you were going through, were they doing that like cliche, like, oh girl, you're lucky. Or it could be hard. Yeah, it could be harder. I used to hate that. Like when people be like the whole world in my life crashed to an end and then they'd be like, it could be harder. There's kids in another country. Like yeah. You know, you're like, I get that. But right now I need help. Yeah. I feel like all I have is myself. That's why I'm like so like independent. 'cause like, I don't know. That's why I do everything on my own. Move everything on my own. Like I literally didn't have no help, like physical help, like moving any of my stuff. Like I hired movers, hired somebody to move my car.


Like I just had to get outta Reserve. And you're, you're like 22 I'm assuming at the time or Yeah, 22 3. I would say early. Early twenties. Yeah. And you're doing this all on your home? No mommy, daddy help at this point. You're just a hundred percent on your own. Yeah, But that's like what I wanted because like I don wanna be independent 'cause I feel like, I really feel like nobody be caring about how I feel. Like I genuinely feel like that. I feel like independence comes from a lot of neglect. It's almost like a survival spirit. Whenever I see someone that's like ultra independent, I'm like, they went through some stuff, you know? Yeah. Like a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Oh Okay. So when you move and you finally land, I'm hoping it's not in downtown la 'cause you say like it was culture shock.


Yeah. I was like, what is, is this a joke? Like literally. 'cause I got my apartment tour And I was like, oh is it a good area? I should have just came down here and looked. But he was like, yeah the area's good. There's a few homeless people downtown, but you'll be fine. No, not a few Was was it in downtown? I live on fourth Street. Like Oh wow. Yeah, so, wow. Okay. So you're like by it like All in It is like a, yeah. Oh. But you know what's crazy? 'cause some of those lofts down there are really nice. So I could see you looking at the loft like, oh girl, I'm about to come, I'm about to live my best life. That's what, and there's like, you know, 10 million homeless people and that, that's like a culture shock that is very scary to like, okay. So you're making it work though now.


Are you doing anything outside? Are you just a hundred percent YouTube, a hundred percent short film. And then have you developed your own little crew to survive la I do have a few people that I, I just got done filming a short film. It's called Los Angeles, LOST Angeles. Okay. So it's just about like me narrating my life here. Crazy situations and stuff. I did find some people, but the people out here are so weird. Like they'll like, like when I first meet somebody, I don't tell them like what I do like initially 'cause people have ulterior motives. But when I meet people They're like, so like if someone meets you, what do you tell them? I just talk to them. Like, I just don't even bring it up.


Okay. I don know what Say I feel like that's the second question. When you, whenever you meet someone in LA it's like, hi, my name is, and they're like, what do you do? What do you do doing? Yes. That's so true. The one thing I liked about the Pandemic was it was the first time people stopped asking what you do. It's more like how are you doing? Yeah. And that was like, I think the most beautiful thing about the pandemic, it was also people going to people's houses and just eating around a table, playing board games, like doing stuff not at a restaurant, you know, or what have you. I think there was something really beautiful in that space of we're all trapped in a nightmare together. But I hate, I absolutely hate that about LA where it's like, what do you do?


What do you do? What do you do? So, but you moved here in the, what do you do? Era. Yeah. So when they ask you what do you do, what do you say? I tell 'em like, oh, I direct produce film And I do comedy sketches, but people are full of shit. Can I cuss? Yeah, you can curse. People are full of shit. So I feel like they probably like Oh hmm. Yeah. Just another one of those. Yeah. But I actually am like, yeah, you're Doing it like you're making money. You don't, you're not working at Target. You're a hundred percent doing you. So I feel like when they like first like people would treat me like, like I'm just like nobody. Which you know is fine. Treat me however, but I'm Show you. Well just 'cause you look very young. Yeah. So they're like, yeah, they're more like aspiring or what have you.


Did you watch the Tyler Perry documentary? No. You Didn't? A lot of people keep telling me to watch it. I don't know. I Watched it bro. Let me tell you, girl, I watched, I cried a couple times. I didn't even know his story To be honest. I know he was homeless, right? Well he did end up with a little bit of homelessness, but he came from a lot of abuse. Like I didn not know that. Yeah, it was kind of interesting. That's Probably why he writes What about? About what he writes About? Yeah. Yeah, yeah definitely. That's good. Well that's not good. But it's good that he like shows that in movies like that people can get through it. Do you ever make fun of the characters in your family? Or like play around with the characters in your family or develop characters From people in my family Or friends?


No, I don't know where they come from. I feel like I got like 10 different personalities, so I'll just pick one. Play the character? Yeah, because like the mother I play in my films. Like sometimes I'll play like a mom. That's not how my mom acts at all. I don't know where that character stemmed from. But my mom, she's like very nice, very like quiet and reserved. But the mom that I play like in my films is very like the opposite. Yeah. Very loud, very like, I don't know, just crazy. And my mom is not like that at all. So I don't know why I do that or like where I got it from. But that's probably one of my favorite characters. Like playing as the mom. What is the day in the life of you now that you're in la?


Get up, go to the gym, come home, shower, make a video. And then after that, the rest is history. When you say make a video, like just edit, like what's that process? Like? A couple hours? Yeah, Maybe like four hours max for a YouTube video. Make the video, edit it, upload it the same day. Probably gonna do that after the interview. Really Probably go home and make a video. And your money from YouTube. Do you feel like it's sustainable or is it like the entertainment business where it's like up, down, up, down, up, down. Yeah, It'd be up and down. Like one month go from 40,000 that month to the next month I'm making 3000 and 5,000 and 10,000 back down to three.


Like it's up and down. But I saved enough like before I moved here just in case it like Fluctuates. Fluctuates. And then do you put yourself on payroll? Like we were talking about, I think it was with Brandon Rogers who's the other, another YouTuber. It's like when you have your, your money goes to a corporation or does it go to you? Oh it goes to me.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with future health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb a side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tran delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with the available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hi, it's Jenny Garth. We all know the importance of taking care of our physical and mental health, but what about our sexual health? I've been there feeling totally stuck when it comes to my libido. That's why I started taking Addie. And let me tell you, I have seen firsthand what a difference it can make in how you feel. Addie is the only FDA approved pill clinically proven to help certain premenopausal women have more interest in sex, have more satisfying sex, and lower the stress from low libido. Addie has helped hundreds of thousands of women get their drive back, including me. Talk to your doctor or visit A DDY i.com to learn more about addie. The little pink pill individual results may vary. Addie or flip Anin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have had low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use, ADDIE is not for use in children, men or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reaction may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi. Addie Visit a DDY i.com to learn more about addie.


Okay. So yeah, traditionally you would, you know, create a corporation and then maybe get like a DP and they'll cut your salary and then you can kind of like live on a more budget and then build cash flow in the in the business. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, it's a lot. I don't know, but I love to learn. Yeah, yeah, we could, we could talk after camera to like kinda fix that, but I'm guessing right now, do you put yourself on a strict budget? Like this is my monthly And I don't go over? Or do you just be like, it's 10,000 A month. I just don't go crazy with spending. Like I don't just spend my money. Like how I would like if I make like 5,000 a month, like that's like kind of how I spend my, I don't do too much.


Like at all. Very cheap. What advice would you give to someone that's trying to get into the game right now? Keep going. And if the people are supporting you coming up, make sure you lock in with them once you come up because yeah, all the people that like are around you when you're coming up just know those people are loyal and they like you for you. Because when you get like, I feel like where I am, I'm not like, I don't know, like I need a better heart of discernments because some people just come into my life or try to come into my life 'cause of who I am. So yeah, if you're coming up, make sure the people around you stay around them.


Don't make any new friends. Yeah, I, I tell myself that my high school friends are my, it sounds terrible. I have plenty of friends, but I always feel like my friends from high school are my real friends. Same. Like, you know, the good, the bad, the ugly. You know where I'm from, where I'm going, you know everything about me. And if I don't talk to you for a year, I know we could pick up the phone and I'm not getting like, you ain't calling me and da da da da da and they're like clocking or whatever, you know? Yeah. Locked in. Yeah. I went to New York recently. My girlfriend from high school, she was like, here's my car, here's my car seat. Have fun. Like, you know, like I got you type, you know, it was like just very much like family and we don't talk every day.


It's just like I'm coming girls, whatever. Or if I'm going through a breakup, I've had a girlfriend, like get on a plane, get a bunch of ice cream and candy and like we watch Pretty Woman and a bunch of just silly stuff and all the way from New York. And I'm like, you are a real friend that is like, That's a real friend. Yeah. And those are real, but how's dating in la? Do you, have you tried dating in LA yet? No. Yeah. I feel like the, the trickery is LA guys are different. Yeah. Who's like kind of, I think everyone in LA's kind of opportunistic. But I would, I think the dangerous part of being in social media would be that I think even bigger than being a celebrity.


Like if you are big on social media, everybody Wanna date tune. Yeah. You Just want some clout. But who knows? Maybe not. I don't know. I don't know. I haven't dated in la. Okay. Probably not ever going to Are you single right now or are you not single? Because you said you're not going to, you're in a relationship. Yeah, you could say it. It's complicated. It Is complicated. Complicated. It's never good. Yeah, it's never good. That's what I'm saying. Like see, see if the relationship confuses you leave. Yeah. I have, I, my friends tell me all the time, they're like, you're so good at spotting a red flag. They're like, there's nobody better.


That stop is spotting a red flag than you, but for whatever reason you will spot the red flag and go, Hmm. Maybe that's just like a slowdown. Maybe that's a maybe then you like, yeah, no, it's a red flag. You gotta respect the red flag and put it in its place. Yeah. And I think as a woman it just boils down to like, I don't, it always boils down to like women's like kryptonite, which is like knowing your worth. That is, I don't know how we come up with our worth or knowing our worth. I think that's just a woman's greatest challenge. See that's why I'm not dating in LA 'cause I know my worth. You know your worth, but you're in something complicated.


Yeah. It's like a bunch of red flags and there's a lot of green flags as well, you know, but Red means stop. I, I don't know. I just turned 40, so now, oh I'm, I haven't turned 40 yet. I'm gonna be 40 soon. And I'm learning like at this point you just gotta respect the red flag because the deeper you go the harder it is to, to get out. You know? And I'm just, that's just me being totally honest. Yeah. You know, the more invested you are. And I also have this other philosophy when it comes to relationships, whoever invests more loses the most. That's true. Yeah. So you, especially if it's over.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Whoever invests more, whoever. And that doesn't just mean monetary wise, it means time-wise. It just means like if the scale is not tipped evenly, I promise you you'll be the one that's hurt more in the end. So. Dang. That's a crazy way to look at it. No, that's a good way Actually. Yeah. Well that's why you ever hear people say like, you gotta match the other person's energy. Yeah. Oh you gave this. I'll match that. You know, when I was young, I dated God, boy, I'll go all out. You know, just, just, You know, same. That's how I am. I like to like spoil people. I like to be spoiled too. But yeah, I feel like I always give so much of myself And I need to just protect my heart at this point.


Like I need to give what I give to that person. I need to give that to myself. I'm learning that right now. And I'm old as heck. Well, You're Not old. I'm I'm, I'm up there. I've been trying to avoid the topic for a while. No, you look very young though. Thank you. Thank you. What else does, do people just don't know about you? I'm a very introverted person. I know sometimes I come off as very like outgoing, which I am online sometimes I am in person. But I have to be like very, very comfortable. Yeah. I'm just a very introverted person and I'm always sad and people don't be believing me because I joke around a lot.


I heard comics are like, or comedians and that that line of work, they're the most sad. Which is crazy 'cause they bring the most Joy. Joy. It's 'cause we have to go through things alone because like, I'm not sure, I can't speak for anybody else, but I know with me people don't take me serious and I'm also supposed to be the person that makes everybody else laugh. So it's like I don't even feel comfortable coming to people sometimes I don't wanna bring them that energy. And then, I don't know. I don't know. We just, I feel like we go through a lot of stuff alone. Like a lot of our emotions. Yeah. Yeah. But it makes you stronger in the end. It does Emini here. As long as you got that solid one or two, I think you're good. And then do you have mentors?


No. What? Yeah. What You need to get some, I don't really care how old you are. Like you could be my age And I still look for mentors. So I'm always looking for a mentor. Anyone that's like even semi where I wanna be at or like just different from me. I'm like, yo, can you be my mentor? Can you teach me something new? I wish. Yeah girl. Well I'm here in LA so I definitely, if you ever need a mentory, yeah. Matter of fact, you could be my mentor in some areas. You could be mentor, we can, we can mentor each other. So Yeah, go have a mentor. Okay, Good. Because you know I'm struggling with YouTube. I know my, the girl that runs my YouTube, she, we can monetize now and she's always like, monetize the channel.


I'm like, we're gonna get 5 cents. You should still monetize. Its, That's what she says. She's like, girl, I'm like You. You should monetize me. You Gonna have to, you know what, that's why I said we're gonna mentor. We're gonna mentor each other. Yeah. Oh My goodness. I can't believe you to And you have the ability to. Yeah, we do. And she's been on me like just fill out the paperwork. I'm like, for what? You need to do it. Like your money could be growing. So there's a threshold on YouTube, it's a hundred dollars. So after you hit a hundred, they deposit whatever into your account. So right now, like, like all of your views, I don't know like add it up. If they make a hundred, I'm sure you're at a hundred dollars. So you like, I Don't think we had a hundred after, but I didn't know that's how it works.


I just thought maybe like if I hit like 5,000 subscribers, then I would hit monetization. But if I don't hit it, if is it only from that date forward that it accrues or they look at the pre previous data Just from that date forward. That's why I said you need to get on there. Oh yeah. See start. Start now. See look At you're teaching us. Okay. So like they're not gonna give you any money from like anything before today if you monetize today. So when they gave me the opportunity, that's when I was supposed to do it. When did they tell you? Probably a couple months ago. You Should do it. Yeah, that. But it's not like I missed out on that much Emini here. We got a small little, but I do, I would be very happy over a hundred dollars check.


Just 'cause it's like that milestone of like, oh shit. We Did, I remember interviewing like Country Wayne and he was talking about his like he monetized his channel during the Pan Pandemic. It was like getting like 40 to a hundred thousand. Per Hundred Thousand. Yeah. How much did he say? Yeah, he said he was getting like hundred, 200, 300,000. I was like, I was That was a lot. Yeah. And it was like during the pandemic, he monetized it. Wow. Could you imagine how much money you probably missed out on? Yeah. Because I did not know. That's how it works. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. You should monetize. Yeah. Yeah. And you should be my mentor. You heard it here first. I do standup comedy sometimes. So what? Yeah. How's it going?


I don't do it anymore really. But my last show was in November, November 8th. That was the last show I did. It's good. But like I don't really focus on that really. What made you get into standup? My Dad, he was a standup comedian out here as well, But he moved back to where? Texas. Oh, he's in Texas. Is he in Austin? No, he's, because I know all the comics are moving to Austin, he's in Houston. Okay, okay. But him, I don't know, that's where he's from. And then my mom is from Missouri, but they met in college. Such a sweet love story, like loving basketball. Oh, For real? Is it really like a loving basketball story? Well, Love and track, I guess they both were in track. Okay. But are they still together or No. Okay. Okay. They Should be. Why? 'cause they're like best friends or something.


No, because they're my parents And I, they need to be, even though they're both dating other people, I don't care. Aw. Yeah. That's so sweet. But did you grow up in two parent household? Oh no. They split at two when you were two. Right. So it was just me, my mom, and my brother. Okay, okay. Yeah. All right. There was something else. It literally like, I was like, don't forget to ask this. And then I forgot. Was it something deep? Shit. It was something D deep too. I need to be deeper. I think I got a little deep. Deep. Oh, I wanted to ask you, I noticed you do do meet, meet and greets, don't you? I Did One. You did one. How? What made you do it and like what was the experience like? What made me do it? This girl I went to school with, she, she moved out there and she like does a lot of work in Atlanta.


So then she like set up this meet and greet with this restaurant. So it'll bring people to the restaurant and then bring people to meet me. So it was like kind of a collaborative thing, the experience. So it was like in like a small country part of Atlanta or Georgia. I thought it was in Atlanta, but I was on there promoting like, hey, a TL. So now a lot of people came, but it was still good to have the experience though. Would you ever do that again And probably in a different location? Yes. Like Texas. When I went to Texas This, or last year? What month was this? This was like September or October. It was in October. I was getting stopped. I was getting stopped a lot.


Like I have a big fan base in Texas, Dallas. Okay, okay. I would do it there. Alright. Well and then if you were to do it, would you do standup or would you just like talk about your experiences as a YouTuber? I would probably talk about like, I don't know, my experiences have people come up. 'cause I have a few songs like on my channel that everybody knows. 'cause it's like my outro songs, intro songs. I'll probably have them come up and see like who could rap at the best, do a giveaway, take pictures, stuff like that. I wouldn't do standup though. 'cause my fan base is younger. My standup is like for adults, so yeah. Oh my gosh. Well, where can we keep up with you?


If you do do standup, do you announce it on your Instagram and share with our listeners what your Instagram is? My Instagram is A-L-Y-S-H-A-B-U-R-N-E-Y. ALYSHA. BURNEY. My only page. That's your only page. And then you, so you just have Instagram, you're not doing TikTok or any of those guys? Oh Yeah, I do. I have TikTok. I have a million on there. 1.5 million. And was it like instant or did you have to organically grow it? Yeah, organically. I started in co. Like during Covid. Covid, COVID was like the The real, real pivot pivotal moment for you. Wow. I blew up on everything. Yeah. During Covid, that three, that two years changed your life.


It Did. Everybody says how Covid affected them, like horribly. I'm just like, COVID blessed me. Wow. Shout outs to Covid. Shout out to you Covid. And I never caught it. You never caught what? Yeah girl. I done had Covid so many times. I'm like, eh, really? I had, oh yeah, I've caught it a bunch of times. Or Maybe I caught it and didn't know. Oh yeah, maybe you're one of those lucky ones. 'cause when I first got hit with it, I knew. Oh wow. I knew. Thanks for your evening midnight snack. My thanks for blessing us with your energy. And thanks to all our listeners. Peace out guys for more Eating While Broke from iHeartRadio and The Black Effect.


Visit the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from Charman, tide and Downey and Dinner Essentials from Stouffer's de Journo, Arby's, and Biolife plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.