
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Trump's project 2025 agenda will give him unchecked political power and it would take black America backwards. Project 2025 would strip away our voting rights protections and it eliminates the Department of Education. It would also require states to monitor women's pregnancies. It bans abortion and would rip away health coverage for millions. Kamala Harris will stand up to Trump and his maga loyalist dangerous plans to control our lives because Trump is out for himself. While Kamala Harris is for the people. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then You know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura Podcast Network.


Hey guys, Welcome to another episode of Eating While Broke. I'm your host Colleen Witt. And today we have very, very special guest. DC YOUNG FLY in the Building. What a do What a do? Yes. I thought we was already recording. Oh, you was. You was. That was crazy. You was putting on a woo. 25 minute, 30 minutes in. I just knew it. I was like Woo. That's good. Oh, wasn't none of that shit gonna get used. Oh my lord. So what are you gonna have me eating today? Oh, we starting for real. For real. What You, what you gonna cook for me? Oh, this how the show go. Okay.


Alright. Well ladies and gentlemen, Today I'm having Beef and noodles. I got some This one little, The OG Classic. The OG classic. The Triple OG You know when you add the the hot dog, the in the dish. You, you kinda like what's the, what's the school they go to to go to be a chef? Culinary school? No, Not cul. It is culinary but cordon blue.


Yeah, this like the stage right before color on blue. You feel me? They be like, show me your dish. They be like, oh, that's that. So you whip out did put it with the noodle. You caught on blue that motherfucker. But what kind of sauce will got, I coulda told you to get the sweet baby raised, but it's all good. We All, all this time and you just now realizing the missing ingredient. But No, see, once I realized what we were doing, I forgot the extra. But now that I'm here I'm like damn, it is a little bit more to it. But this the main dish though. Okay, so what, what's the missing sauce? You said Sweet baby Ray. What is it? Is that hot sauce barbecue Sauce? No, it's barbecue Sauce. Yeah. Barbecue sauce. You know about Sweet Ramen Sweet Baby Ray.


But wait, you add that to Ramen You know about Sweet Baby Ray. Do you really add that to your Ramen? Uhuh You know about Sweet Baby. No I don't. Every Black Everybody Oh my, listen If, you still eat hot sauce. You are technically a slave. We have been past the hot sauce stage. That shit was with 99 to the 2000 back. That Ass Up came in. We on Sweet Baby. Okay man, He, he got a, some motion. He got the Sweet Chili. That really the one that hit the Sweet. Is this Atlanta based or something? I nah, sweet baby. He, he, he Nationwide.


Okay. Got a sweet baby Nationwide. Soon as you go on the barbecue sauce he got a whole section. It ain't just like a, like a little like a shelf. She got a shelf, shelf, shelf come on down. Okay. You look up the whole eye, you like, Ooh, this sweet baby Ray. They They all him. No, you gotta add that on top of that and Sweet Baby Ray Good with steak, chicken and just a good little You. know what I'm saying? Little, little little Additive You. know what I'm saying? You can put into whatever you got Man. You know to Show. I really wish I would've tried it with the Sweet Baby right now. You ain't Never had Sweet Baby Ray. Well not with Ramen and Hot Dogs. You Got a whole cooking Show. Yeah. And You know what, you'll be the first guest to ever do Ramen with hot dogs with Sweet baby Ray with it would've been with Sweet Baby Ray.


It would've been legendary. Right. See Sweet baby Ray need to go on hand and put me in a commercial. Yeah. At this point no Cap. The first thing. Come on. You ain't never had Sweet Baby Ray. What? So now I'm gonna show you what I'm gonna do with this though. Here's a butter knife. See y'all got beef. See let me show you something. We have beef and chicken. Don't Worry about it. We're gonna mix it up. We gonna get both of 'em That night. Okay. I don't know If, you have enough water? No, we got no water. That's pot big. No, that pot that stay out the kitchen. You are So thoughtful. We don't need all that. We, we gonna get the right beef that you can't even be next to. We gonna chop it up. E you gotta chop it up like you gonna do something with E Oh this real beef, this motherfucker don't even cut at the end.


Okay then you got butterfly. Ooh you got a butterfly? Butterfly. Stick it in the middle so we can burn in the middle. All right. To all my real noodle pioneers out there. What's the first thing you do with the, with the noodle. What you do with the noodle? You break it. Alright then You done did something before. Don't nobody eat long ass noodle sitting. Don't Do all that pus ass shit. We want Noodle be right here nigga be sitting here.


Here. Yeah. Twisting in this shit. And I. Get your puss ass on man. You want a little as noodle man, I've never seen someone cut the hot dog before they boil out. Oh yeah, you gotta cut the hot dog. You see that pack? Hoo. You gotta save when you see it. He how full it is. You like Yeah, that's a lot of sauce. All the young kids know that sauce. You gotta have you some sauce with that beef sauce. Yeah. Which one? Better? Beef or chicken? Chicken. Well I'm a anti beefer And You know what? I'm over here tripping. I can't eat chicken. It's just the, I'm still up here about to kill myself for this show.


There's no chicken in it? No This chicken in this Chicken flavor. Yeah, but I'm saying so remove the flavor. So this really, but no, but this has been like put to the side, been prepared like it was gonna be chicken so we gotta throw it away like it was chicken. Okay. Damn. What I gonna mix the sauce. I almost did it again. It's all good. Eh? Gonna put that in there right at that. That's what you call C. Okay. Okay. Alright. Sometimes when you crush 'em up too much you look stupid because now they look like Frosted Flake.


They just in there little ass noodle. Okay then we gonna dunk these in like they here, like they some oysters. Hey you let that. Cool. Okay, so take me back to what was going on when you were eating Ramen Consistently. It Was some dope selling. For real. For real? Yeah. So it wasn't making a profit? No, it made enough profit. But You know you, you gotta like manage your money and You, know what I'm saying? Don't don't live over your means You. know what I'm saying? Like I knew then like I, I could survive off of church's two piece three, no, 3, 3, 2 drums and a wing and two biscuit.


I do that two times a day. I'm straight. I ate. I ate. I thought I did. No nigga you ain't eat you, you barely getting by. You see what I'm saying? But as a youngster you like shit, that shit caught me $7 to the max. I done made three, 400 today. Shit. What the hell? I'm up here eating a hundred worth of food for. So You know. That was, that was around about that time. How old were you? 19. 20. 1920. And then I just wanna quick picture of your home life growing up. My home life Parents together separated. Nah, they separated. Been separated since I was like six years old. Dad stayed on Bankhead. I stayed at Ville.


Mom stayed at Ville, went to Carver MAs Creme graduated from Creme. That's a, it's it's a Atlanta public school on the east side. But it's a alternative school, a open campus. You could be 40 and come back and get your GED. Right. You belan with a nigga 16. You like, well you old as fuck. He was a nigga in the bathroom. I knew that nigga was undercover bro. What we shooting D Right. I look up, I'm like the nigga ugly but he look old as fuck. He probably like every little bit of 20 something. And. I tapped my ponder 'cause I'm thinking there's a police undercover. I'm like bro, hold up, hold up, hold up. I said, Hey bro. How? I said, who you is? He talking about Whoop woo And. I was like, you go to school here. He was like, yeah, he got a notebook and everything.


I was like, what program you in? He was like, I'm in the GD program. I was like, how old you is? He was like, I'm 28. I was like, bro, we 17 you in here with some 17-year-old, but how much money you got though put out. So we, we gamble with a old ass nigga. So them the type of environments that I was in when I was growing up in 1920. I'm just outside just trying to figure it out. How'd you end up in alternative school? Were you I got caught at school with some weed. Okay, So you selling weed Pretty Much. Yeah. I was selling weed at school. Don't do that. Kids, that's bad. That's a, that's a crazy felony. You don't even know what you getting yourself into. You think you just getting some money. But they got a real no drug policy, zero drugs X school and that shit come with like 10 charges that you don't even know nothing about.


So when you're at that age, did you have an idea on what you wanted to do with your life As a youngster? Nah, I wanted to play ball. I wanted to play ball. I really had a dream in basketball. And then once I told I was no good, it fucked me up You. know what I'm saying? So who Told you you were no good a Coach? I think he still living a nigga named Coach Matt. And so he was playing in high school and they was just like, Yeah, I went to another high school. When I got kicked outta my first high school, I went to another high school and they was a little bit more advanced. You know how certain school be more advanced. So you good over here, but over here you ain't really that good You know what I'm saying? The e boys advanced and like you playing in the country and you like, but e nigga down here, so sorry. Then you come in the city you like, but you you need to go back to the country.


You get a better chance at the country. You know I'm so that type of, I I, I understood that once I got older, because at Car we was just starting the school and, and the particular school that I was at at School of the Arts, I kind of had like the best jump shot. And You know I probably, he was a man there. I had the best potential that could represent that school You. know what I'm saying? You know. I'm like, you may be all right, but if we need a team, we gonna at least start with you You know what I'm saying? We, we, we ain't gotta train you You know what I'm saying? But when I went over there to made them boys was over there, like, these boys go to summer leagues and all this extra shit. And, I. I'm like, oh yeah, I ain't do the summer league programs and all that. I just waited to basketball season to come around.


Y'all niggas do this shit year round while I'm playing baseball. You still playing basketball. So it was like, oh yeah. And once that shit happened it was just like, all right, I'm in the streets for real. Like, all right, what, what did DA do? Because I thought it was gonna be basketball and ain't basketball. And What's your parents cocaine saying when all that? What, what'd you say? Oh yeah, I started selling cocaine next 15, 16 years old. Okay. I sold cocaine the next week. Okay, but you still in school though? Yeah. Okay. So you in school, you're selling cocaine, your basketball dreams kinda Got shot. Yeah, as You know It. Okay. So that's It. Like he took my, my my dreams and put 'em in the ball like Space Jam and booted that bitch And I ain't never seen it again.


I just watch it. No, I been sorry. I I go on the basketball court. You like, bro, I bro I play like I believe him. I am like that's what he was talking about. Oh, okay. Yeah. She wasn't gonna never make it. So it was like, yeah, it, but that's why I don't crush people's dreams now. 'cause I done been in like certain situations where I, I know what that feel like. I can't crush nobody's dreams as a child. It it, it, it was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that harsh You know what I'm saying? But it was good that I had it at an early age because somebody who may think they're strong probably went through that like at 25.


You feel me? May don't even know how to deal with that shit. Yeah. You thinking you ready, you feel what I'm saying? But I had to deal with that shit at an early age. Like somebody telling me some shit that I, I believed in since I was a child and telling me that I was no good and that I wasn't gonna be shit with it. And it was just like, find something else to do. It was like, I ain't never heard that in my life. You know. And once that happened I was just like, all right. I was always open-minded to doing new shit if this don't work. So I've been like that since 15. If this don't work, I'm gonna do that. If that don't work, I'm gonna Do that. So what made the drugs not work? I ain't say that didn't Work. I mean, the drug didn't, well you obviously you pivoted out of it. So I'm saying Yeah, it just wasn't for me. Okay. So what was the thing that made it not for you? It was just God telling me it wasn't for me.


Okay. It was just, you gotta be, you gotta be paying attention when, when you go through shit and he make you sit still and it's a and it's a time of, of reflection You know what I'm saying? You have to really reflect and, and try to make sure that your next move is your best move You. know what I'm saying? So the person that y'all know today and who, who who I become and who I am and what I stand for was a person that was just like, all right. I had a street mentality just like that. Like how I'm so adamant about doing this. I was adamant in, in the street. Like I was adamant like I wanna sell drugs. Like if we gotta meet the plug, I gotta learn how to whip cocaine. Like I'm trying to, whatever lane there was, well there was, the money was being made.


I had to learn that and be that and do that. And I got stabbed up in 2013. And I had to sit down and really just reflect on my life and figure it out. And that's when Divine and the comedy came about. You know when I had nothing, God knew that I had to take my hands away. 'cause you gotta see a dope with your hand. You gotta Is that where you got hurt? Yeah, I got stabbed right here. And. I got stabbed over here. And I got stabbed in my back. Okay. So it was like, I was in the cast for a couple months long time. But it's like when you, when you break bones and you shadow bones and you cut things, that's a long recuperation. Like that's a long recuperation.


Especially when you have to read and learn to use things. You can sit there and be like, all right, I'm gonna get my feeling back. But you don't get that actual muscle memory. You have to work on that You know what I'm saying? Especially when something happened to you and then you like have to start over. You'll think like, oh my hand gonna come back like this. No, if I wasn't doing this every day, my shit have been just like this stuck. Wow. So I had to work on it and that was a time of reflection to try to me get my life together. And then that's when the Vine came about. You said Vine? Vine. Vine. Vine. Infamous Vine. Vine. Six second video. Six second video. Okay, so Vine comes off. Yeah. You're coming out of the cast. I'm still in it.


My hand don't recuperate till like two years later. Okay. So what, what happens with Vine? My Boy Fatten paid my boy money Bad Mafia us 2,500. We all started on that vine together back then. That it was a, it was a, it was a union of Atlanta Vine and that was, we represented Georgia at the time where people don't know Vine was a huge thing for people that was on social media and people repping a side of town. Like people may looked at it like, like it was people like that was on Vine. Nah, we was representing like this like Georgia because you got Nola. That's how people know Sue them and Tokyo Vanity because they represented Louisiana.


And now I know that 'cause I was in that area, you feel me? So it was like, who's in Louisiana? Popping. They was popping. Who is Georgia popping? Me and my partners popping. And it was like, that's how King Batch popping. Oh, them, that's them West Coast niggas? Yeah. Oh, you feel what I'm saying? So it was like everybody was representing something and once that popped off it was like people was following it. And I ain't know how big it was. I ain't know people was doing this on they spare time. I was selling dope. So I did not know people was on the internet looking at videos. Yeah. But Vine was a very challenging application. 'cause it was six seconds to get, wasn't it six seconds or what, how long was it was six seconds. It was six seconds. You gotta also understand And I. That's crazy that I think about like that.


I wasn't paying attention to none of that shit. So you weren't on socials at all? No. You was asleep? No, I was on social, but I'm like Facebook checking dms, hoping somebody said something and like, like it was that type shit. Like Eric You know that regular life shit. Like did she write Badass Nigga? That was, that was me You know what I mean? Like what's, what is that to do on Facebook besides scroll on your feed or? Yeah, but that's, I'm going to sit down and do that later on. But we not recording no videos on No, I know. I'm in the streets, man. This shit is telling on yourself. What am I recording? So anyways, you in the streets, you, you adopt the Vine Pap platform.


Okay. I was Nervous. You were nervous Checking on this shit. We done talk, this shit done got big Over here. Like, Hey, I know you talking, but you better hurry up. So you're on the vine. Was it hard to adopt the six second comedy Sketch? It was hard to adopt doing that shit anyway because I ain't know what that shit was. And were you editing videos or just shooting and No, They just six seconds. So You know they ain't no time. You can't edit them. It was like The la the LA Crews be editing, But we knew we was different from them. We, I told my partner, I said, Hey bro, they're great at this.


Like they're already setting up a standard and a mark of saying, all right, there's a level to get to. But look bro, we in the hood, bro. We can't flip no call. I told my partner this verbatim, I said, bro, we can't be coming up with shit thinking we gonna flip a car and then hoping we get somebody to edit it that it is going to flip. No nigga I got roaches in my house, I'm gonna show them these roaches that I can flip and god damn, that's what they gonna get. And when I did it, And I folk were like, look at the roach. I was like, bro, they so fascinated about this roach. Like, What the fuck? I was like, I got some more. You feel Me? So it was like, I was just fascinated that they was fascinated by this shit.


Like they ain't never been in the hood. And, I would just open up a door of just like what this hood life was about, but how we can just keep our You, know what I'm saying? Humility about shit. You feel what I'm saying? Like, we, we good. The way you look at us is like those guys over there, they're in the ghetto and some thugs, And I like, nah nigga, we really be laughing this shit off buddy. Yeah. You feel me? Like, look at this shit. Now you're intrigued because I'm showing you a day in the life of what did like If. you watched me and you follow me. I literally showed you a day in the life of my life. Yeah. I showed you how it started from where it started to where I am now. These motherfucker being in my goddamn face. So you are doing successful on you, you, you're start to pick up on Vine, right?


What's your next play? We go to Instagram because the the time is longer. The time is longer. And not only that, it was like, wasn't nobody over there, nobody This And this is before Vine falls off completely. Yeah. And they really weren't falling off. It was just, they had other apps that was being com com competitors and they was giving us more seconds. And it wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. And when Instagram came out, it was a little bit more faster than Vine. And the income started coming when people wanted you to come out, like for appearances and stuff, you not getting called out for appearances on No Vine.


I not came out that shit. You just known on one of these little social media platforms. And back then the big labels didn't really know what to do with these upcoming social media stars. They knew people from YouTube. And you gotta also understand my range of YouTube. We watching we going on YouTube to watch fights and shit like World Star Tyson. Yeah. Like we ain't even going on there to watch Nothing productive. Not long. We got the access to go look up anything we want. We going on World Star looking for a fight.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So buckle up. The problem is that AI needs a lot of speed and processing power. So how do you compete without costs spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you want to do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OC at oracle.com/strategic. That's oracle.com/strategic oracle.com/strategic.


Trump's project 2025 agenda will give him unchecked political power and it would take Black America backwards. Project 2025 would strip away our voting rights protections and it eliminates the Department of Education. It would also require states to monitor women's pregnancies. It bans abortion and would rip away health coverage for millions. Kamala Harris will stand up to Trump and his maga loyalist dangerous plans to control our lives because Trump is out for himself. While Kamala Harris is for the people. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for President And I approve this message Pay for by Harris for President


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Tura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ Ramos, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and how to not You know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I I started the podcast earlier saying, for me, in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


So you're, you're so, you're you, you're able to take your fan base off of Vine and transfer it to Instagram, which is a huge feat. Yep. Okay. Yep. So you take your fan base, you switch to Instagram, you realize that you have something. When do you actually realize that you have something enough? Well, let me backtrack. After the hand situation, right? You completely stopped doing deal dealing, right? Yeah. I, I knew that wasn't gonna do nothing. Okay. So I had to make a, I had to make a a a a Pac not really a pack. It was just a, a a, a promise to the high power that if I take this serious, I ain't really gonna be selling no dope. Well, I'm not gonna be selling no dope. It took me a minute to get my like to like completely stopped.


Probably like a year. Okay, two years. You know how niggas need be trying to be in the street and You, know what I'm saying? Hands back and forth. Straddle that line. I I'm not supposed to have my hand touching it and doing all that. You you're not a street dealer. You're not, I, you can't ask me for some weed. And I receive money for it. I'm gonna feel so bad. I can't, I can't hand for hand through no drug transaction like that shit. I'm gonna feel horrible You know what I'm saying? So it's like, I, I leave that alone to become this, I guess this comedian or whatever. This is what it's working. I know I'm gonna get something outta it, but I don't really know. I'm, I'm, I'm really trying to be a music star. So I'm gonna just get the notoriety to drop an album and then You, know what I'm saying?


Get signed. So The goal was music. Yeah. I'm like, I'm gonna get some, I'm gonna get signed. That's what I thought. Like I did it. The, the second month I started the first month I was like, Ooh, shit. I dropped a album the second month and Nobody was messing with it. No, They listened to it, but nigga I ain't get signed. That's why I was like, shit, maybe I do need to sell some dope. What is this? I don't know what it is yet. I don't know what this is. You know. I gotta wake up and really don't wanna do this shit and record videos and my hand hurt And I wanna make some money. I can't sell no dope. And But when do you see your first check after you do the switchover? No, I didn't make no money. Like two and a half years later.


That's what I'm trying to tell people. You gotta stay down for the come up. So you stayed down for two and a half years and no dope dealing. Yeah. So you are really, so is this when you're really struggling, you're eating these beef rames? No, I'm not. I'm not struggling. I know how to hustle. That's the thing though. I wasn't, I just, I wasn't selling weed. I wasn't selling cocaine. It was just like, all right. The vine was, it was a, it was a thing. It was a little thing on Vine where you could do ads for a company or something, make a couple hundred dollars. Then Instagram, you do a couple shout outs. Then I start being able to get booked in, in, in clubs to do appearances. So you kind of make a couple thousand with the club appearance.


So it's like, all right, I probably made three, 4,000 a month, 3000 that month. But it like, I ain't gotta say no dope. Yeah, Of course. You feel me? I could use this in order to do this, but I don't know how hard to go at this now. I don't even know what this is. I'm just using it right now to do enough to get by. And then once other things start coming by, like, all right, you gotta learn how to do standup. Well, that's What was gonna be my next question. Mood coming and all that. And it was like I needed to perfect marketing myself on Instagram for me to keep going to the next level. So now I knew, I'm like, okay, I'm getting booked for appearances. This is 2014 and 15.


And it's like, all right, but I gotta be a comedian. I gotta learn this. So I didn't go get no money for a whole year, just so I can be able to understand what being a comedian was. 2014, I started doing comedy 2014. I ain't start booking shows for real till like 2016. Wow. So for two years you're basically just studying comedy? Yeah, I'm, I'm working. I'm learning. You're learning. So are you going out every night or are you just watching old school videos Or Nah, nah, we, I'm watching videos and watching other, the, the legends and going to all the open up pop up You. know what I'm saying? The open mics. You were doing those open. I'm doing all those every week. Every And how was your first time going up?


My first time going up, it was at a music show and they were just looking at me. But you gotta break the ice though. So that's the thing. I broke the ice. So now I'm able to call myself a comedian. 'cause I done done what comedians do. Grab the mice and try to tell Joseph from the people that you don't know right then and there. But it was like, all right, where do I go from this? Do I continue? Or it's a journey. It's a journey. I remember the day I started to where I am now, like even with the confidence and being able to go on stage with the, with the, with the confidence of saying I'm a performer. But I remember the stages of me not understanding. Like, this job picked me because God wanted me to do this. And this was way quicker than any, like when you do your college, Steve Harvey said that. He said, when you do your calling, you, you feel me?


God bless you abundantly. You feel me? Like that's why I said it was, it was, it was nothing but good came outta this. Yeah. When I sold dope, it was bad. It was not, I'm gonna say bad. It was just stressful. It it stressful. You don't feel like your life right now can be stressful, be considered stressful. No, it is not that. It is just, that's where I got my hustle from. That's why you realize people that's complacent. They don't have the energy to hustle. You gotta have a certain energy to be a hustler. That undeniable determination of going to get it by any means, it could be a sense of stress.


Yeah. Yeah. If you not strong enough to understand like, I gotta do this in order to get to the next day. Like it was days And, I ain't feel like selling dope, but it was like my phone ringing. I gotta get up, go down here, go whatever. Gotta go to the store, gotta go pack this shit up. Gotta go here. He just called me. I'm sleep in here, I'm hungry in here. I wanna sit down. As soon as I sit down my phone rung again. Gotta but you want some money? Don't. So you're doing, you're doing your comedy. So before this comedy, it was very clear though that this is the path you are agreed with God to take. Yeah. Okay, so you're doing your comedy. Two years still struggling.


When's your first real big break? Hey, by the way, you still cooking them hot Dogs? No. I, I have, I had let it cigarette. I been took It out. Oh, I thought it was hot dog soup in You Know. I let it, I let it come down. But they need a little water. When you cook at home, are you like this When I cook? Nah, I have, I have Effects. Oh, You a chef? I have, yeah. I can't cook. Whoa, this, once I did this, I feel like I ain't have learned nothing there. Whoa. They be like, what kind of, what you got in Uhuh? I ain't did nothing yet. Gotta gotta mix it in. Can't Oh put it all in there at once. I'm just, who are you? I'm just, I'm trying to, I'm like watching you cook. Lemme tell you something. When I was coming to Atlanta, all I could think was I can't wait to see DC cook some.


You could ask Ryan, you could ask anybody behind the scenes. I was like, I just wanna see DC cook With with this it, this ain't nothing. You No, you do all the sound fake. This is a very special experience. This ain't nothing extra Right there. That's what makes sense. Oh, that, that, that, yeah. That they gonna make a tape better even in the mind. Okay. But yeah. What's your question? So my question was, okay, you're, you made it, you made it through your two years, right? What's your next big break? Because You had a Lot. Well, I'm still working on it technically. The next year in 2015, I get booked for while and out.


And then that was the, the, the beginning of the industry break. I had the social media break with Vine and Instagram. But then now it's like the industry break. It was like, ooh. And did Now, did Nick reach out to you or did you audition? How did go? I was On a, I was on a management team at the time called Archive Nation. We had Young Thug and Emmanuel Hudson and You. know what I'm saying? That was, it was, it was a great management team at the time. And they had Emel Huss and he had an audition and just so happened that they knew that I was around and was around with the same team. And they was like, yeah, You know what I'm saying? You got walkup audition too.


So I ended up going to do the audition and Nick was there and he be like, yeah, I know him. You know what I'm saying? Lemme see something. Did some shit. And he was like, all right, well do this. I did some shit. And he was like, cool. I ain't hear nothing from it hitting him back. You know. I ain't think I made it, but it was just the, the experience that I was proud of. Like damn, I just performed in front of Nick Canon You. know what I'm saying? This shit crazy. This drumline shout You know what I'm saying? And, and a couple days later then I know Emanuel had to, he got, he had got flown out to go start working and then they called like two days later. Were like, we on DC too. Aw. And what was it, what, where were you at when you got the call? I was at the management office and You know it had nothing settled in, but it was just like, You know I got that hunger.


I got that Hunger. You know from the streets that You know you always want an opportunity. And when you, when you get that opportunity, like man, I'm finna show, I'm just gonna show out You. know what I'm saying? Like, I don't give a fuck. I'm finna show out whatever I, whatever I gotta do, I'm, I'm gonna show out. I'm gonna give my all You know what I'm saying and learn at the same time. But I know it's a reason why you there. So you gotta know why you there. You feel me? That's why I don't get when people don't wanna be great You know what I'm saying? Like it's a certain energy that you gotta put out there to be like, man, I wanna do this shit to last for a long time. You know what I'm saying? And I ain't doing this shit because I know I deserving man, ain't none of this shit belong to me or deserving. You don't deserve none of this shit because If, you look around the blessing not only on you anyway, God blessing everybody that's around you, you ain't the only one that work You know what I'm saying?


So it's like you gotta take your opportunity and go crazy with it You know what I'm saying? Because You know what you were just it remember? Yeah, I did. Like, nigga, this is different. Like it is, you're literally living the, the, the, the new stages of your life. But I'm not, not used to it because I was going to be in the entertainment. 'cause I come from theater. And I was gonna do music and act. It's, it's just the difference of the Renaissance now. No, you're not doing music first. No. You're not gonna act just yet. You're gonna be a comedian. So you're saying like the order was the switched around? Yeah, Just it was switched and it was a new and it was a new job description You know what I'm saying?


I was funny. You would probably would've figured it out in a movie or so, but I wasn't gonna be no standup comedian. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I probably would've played a funny role in a movie where you were like, but you funny. But I wouldn't have been no standup. Well I'll tell you this. I I admire the, I did not know that part of your story, but I admire the fact that you did the work to do the standup comedian. 'cause you were like, Hey, I gotta do what I gotta do to get To the next, I don't know about It. Yeah, but that's usually you meet comics and they're like, someone in my group said I was funny and You know. I just, I knew I was funny. I I I got CLA Klein in in 12th grade. Yeah. I got same time while I'm selling dope. So it ain't, I always was a cla Klein in a Renaissance man in my school.


It just, the way my life turned by, I'm just You know. It is what it is that just, and my Environment. What are your parents saying the whole time while all this is going on? I mean, my mama put it in God hand. You keep referencing God. Like was God Was big in my household. Yeah. Yeah. Real big. My dad was a pastor. You know you cooking for both of us. If. you don't eat beef. You gotta just give me, I gotta Act like I'm giving it to you. Yes. All right. Gotta get her, her death sentence here. Can't even be around it. But I'm gonna do it for the show. Hey, I gotta You know what? Alright, I'll take one for team. This is my baby all Here. It is. I wanna eat. Ain't gonna you too much. I wanna eat your cooking.


I ain't gonna give you too much. Don't you eat that shit. You act like I'm going like have a seizure, something. I Dunno. Okay, let's see. All you added was the beef flavor. That's, that's it. And a beef hot dog. Oh, let's try this. Mm. Cheers. Cheers. See, that was wrong job Cheer. Cheers there. Okay, you could eat. I didn't eat off the fork. DC you could eat it. Okay. Ready? Little about you. I pray for my food. You could pray out loud. You could pray for Mine. I mean, You know. I don't know how everybody's relationship is.


No, man. Pray for mine. I pray for food. But If, you want to be with me? No, man. Go ahead. Go ahead. Pray, pray You. know what I'm saying? Pray. Pray. Okay. Thank you heaven, father, for this beautiful meal. We pray that this food granted, that's the nutrition that we need. In Jesus name we pray y'all sure name we pray man. Amen. Amen. I had to listen. I don't know about your, Yeah, these noodles are definitely overcooked and all that. That but You know what I'm saying because we was talking, you could literally not shoot. You have no tea in your mouth and melt You know what? And melt in your mouth. Lemme show you what we do. Not in your hands. When it ain't s sauce enough, what you do ladies gen your pack. Another one that's for the rich folks in the hood, they can waste noodles. So you, you cook one and throw the other one in the tray.


Why? Because you needed the sauce. You need more, more seasoning. Sounds like that's what you need. First Of all, didn't you say your mom used a lot of salt and all that? This ain't that. Is this a generational? This Ain't that. Okay, thanks. Thanks for looking out for mine. So you've been at this for over what, 10 years now? Be a Bus? Yeah. 10 years in August. You said what? Be a bus. Take it with you. That means delicious. It ain't When was the last time you ate this? You eat this all the time? I ain't eat this shit in Years. Yeah. You have a private chef now? Yeah. I used to eat this with hot chocolate.


Hot chocolate. I don't know. Don't ask me why hot chocolate. I, I just felt business. Like when I was drinking the hot chocolate, I, it would be in the mud too. So I'd get through and be like, I don't know. I don't You don't drink coffee? No, I don't Drink Coffee. No, I ain't with that coffee. Shit. I love hot chocolate. I actually, I actually in LA when we shoot, I shoot, I usually drink hoos on set. Real. I freaking love you. I don't know why you Showing your age. It's Okay. I'm still young. You're my man. They be good now. They ain't even know what they thing. You say Yahoo. First of all, I used to call it Yahoo, but my team correct me a hundred times. They like stop call it Yahoo.


The The hoos is the chocolate, chocolate milk of them all. Yeah. And You know. What else did You know that they have the strawberry flavor? A lot of people don't know that You was one of them. Was one of them in in the stool getting strawberry milk and Shit? No. I just found out about it like a Two years ago. I can't say anybody who grabbed the strawberry milk in school. You are aggravated. First of all, I always grabbed the chocolate, but I just discovered Okay, chocolate Off The chain. Yeah. And now that I am not broke anymore, not that it makes a difference. I'm Nest quick all day now. Next quick. Next. Next Quick. Cool. Next quick is way better than Y You Know. Did You know you whos have no dairy? For real? I think so.


Actually I'm lying. I told someone that that was on my show and then they drank it and then I read later on the back. See what I'm saying? It said like dry milk. That's why you got to do your own research. You almost say pork and beets. That's Why I Had to look. Thank God. Okay, so you've been doing at this for a while. So you get through the, the wilding out auditions. What's your next play? And wait, when you do your first season, are you making bread Bread or you just happy that you, you made it to, to the next level. Start making money. That's all that's, You gotta get to that part. You making money early by? Nah, it's a struggle. How long A struggle. The whole process. Yeah. That's why everybody don't make it in this, in this industry. It is a struggle for a long time.


That was your, your generational thing that you was talking about. Yeah. Yeah. It's a struggle. Nah, man. You know what I'm saying? No, I didn't make no money. I didn't make no money until later on in, in the industry. Okay. You know when you say making money, like you able to pay You know who you need to pay and Yeah. Are you able to like self maintain no side hustles? Yeah. No side. Yeah. After walling out or a little after, after walling out You know the court. If the corporate gonna be your new hustle, you, you gotta know how to perfect your new hustle. Nice. Nice.


Brother. Kamala Harris was raised by a working mother who instilled in her a passion for justice equality and standing up for your community. That's why as district attorney, she pioneered a program to give nonviolent drug offenders a second chance. And as President Kamala Harris will continue fighting for us because rents, groceries, and utility bills are still too high. Harris is plan to fix it, build more homes to lower prices, and make the wealthy and billionaires pay their fair share in taxes. As President Kamala Harris will always have our backs. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Tura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and how to not You know create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me, in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know, as I've gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Now I'd like to introduce You to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells and encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


So there was something you mentioned earlier about like cleaning up your Instagram to help market yourself better, right? What did you mean by that Show? The. World. What you wanted, wanted to know. Okay. People, a lot of people expecting people to know who you are. Nobody know who you are or give a fuck. People give. Yeah, no, they Give a fuck. Nobody care. Nobody. They give a fuck. Nobody cares after. Nobody cares who you are in the industry. Nobody gives a fuck about what you do. Nobody care what you mean. Man, I don't care all that walking in You know who I am. I'm not give a fuck that shit. Don't scare nobody unless it scare somebody. But you ain't the only motherfucker doing that.


And you, and you really too high. You expensive. They can't wait to pay a motherfucker cheap price. It's like selling dope. You walking in this motherfucker talking about you, the nigga with all the dope and this how high you is. And they like, but guess what? This nigga's buying this step on bullshit. So you can get your ass up outta here because I can make a profit selling this step on shit. Yep, yep. Okay. I'm okay. So I, but that's why I, me selling dope gave me a business mind. I, that was my, what you call that alley hoop beginners class until actually going to school for business.


Okay. Because even when you look at all like all the narcos and all that, I look at all that shit. They were great businessmen. Your heart, your heart gotta be intact. Okay. So you, what is one of the most painful lessons you learned in being in the industry thus far? Painful lessons. I don't let shit get to me. You ain't got no friends. Nobody cares who you are and what you do. That's what you learned in the industry. Yeah. But now I come to 85 South shout outs to everything you guys have built here. Right. And there's so much love in this environment. It's absolutely, thank you.


Beautiful. Especially coming from la 'cause LA we don't feel, you don't see the shit. First of all, there's no hospitality like what I've experienced here at eight five. For real. Thank you. Is that why you built this? I would say this domain over here Because you wanted a safe haven. Because this doesn't feel like industry over here. Right? It feels like love and family. It's very structured. But it is You know when, when, when, when God align you up with people that's You know God-fearing and really have a vision and trust people You know you could really build anything. And, I. Think the infrastructure on building something or, or how it's to be done.


We really don't have no guide for it. You know a lot of people think like, oh, You know Jake three oh 3 million bro, this old fabricating shit. Just like even when you say like how long did it take for you to make money? It take you a long time to make some money and depend on what you think is money. Yeah. That was gonna be also another question was like, what did, at least when you get that first check from being broke, you was like, yo, there was had to have been that moment of like, yo, I just knew what I was risking to get this money that I ain't risking no more. What do you mean? Are you comparing it to the drugs? Yeah, I'm just saying risking period. It was like, ooh, I got 4,000 And I didn't have to risk my life for it.


You feel me? I feel like that's more motivation. Like, ooh. I feel like that pre, that your life before is where you kind of hold that bar of everything. Is it? Oh yes. That's, that's how I, that's my analogy for it all. It's like, ooh, this is the cocaine, this is the weed, this is the plug. Ooh, this is public Escobar, this You. know what I'm saying? Like, like everything has a a You know a, a, a, an analogy for it because I know how serious it was like don't put your name on bad dope. You want to have a easy sell. Okay. You know what a dude have a hard sell. Okay? You know when it's slow. Okay? You know when it's speed up. Okay, but that's your measuring tool.


That's my measuring Tool. And then on the opposite when business, yeah, but then you have this other measuring tool when it comes to God and spiritually. Yeah. So you can always have a great heart and a great character. So you won't become wicked in The World because, but I'm also thankful that I'm not in the streets because I'd have been a very not likable person. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like y'all know me and then it's crazy 'cause like even when high school, you see me, I'm winning class clown and all that. But it's like my friends know me for that. My peers may have seen me in that You know You know me for that. But if I don't know you, I ain't speaking And. I ain't really You know I ain't really, I'm not really a friendly person. You know. I'm not like hey no, no, no.


I'm not just attracting energy that I don't know. I don't really don't wanna be involved. I really don't want to have a conversation. Well I appreciate you taking the time to do this show no More. Definitely man. I appreciate you man. You seen this great meal You. know what I'm saying? I done made a mess. Your shits so clean over there. Yeah. Thank God I didn't take the bite of the beef. Do you want my little beef piece? You sure I'm a real nigga know boy, You stay loving that seasoning. That's it right now During the pandemic. Yeah. Ain't nobody go to work. How'd you, how'd you get by? You had the money from Wow. Yeah. I ain't have no damn money During the pandemic. I ain't have no money.


That was a couple years ago. Yeah. So what, what happened? What do you mean you didn't have any money during it? I ain't Have no money. Shit. I ain't got no money now. You know. We just got by You know shit. You know how to live. We know how to live by means You. know what I'm saying? I know what I need. I know how much to eat. Did you build this infrastructure during the pandemic or was it in process prior to the pandemic? This right here is a collective of people credit. We did it a business way like everybody else do You. Know what I'm saying? But were you doing this during the pandemic or prior to the pandemic? What year? This year? 2024.


You looking at Ryan for the answer Ryan, what's the answer up? Nah, probably like toward the end around like 2021 because the pandemic was a long time. The people, depending on how long your pandemic was. My pandemic, I ain't had no pandemic. Well I guess in Atlanta apparently you guys were only shut down for three weeks up here, right? No, we Was shut down for eight months. Eight months. How? How was LA shut Down for two weeks? I mean you talking about nightlife? We you talking about See I'm a businessman. I'm not saying during the day LA was still shut down. Okay. No. Eight months was shut down in, in Atlanta before we went back to work again. I remember the day we was at work and they told us to hold tight. They sending people home like we in arena and sold out 20,000 seats at wild.


Not they sending 20,000 people home because they just did a mandate. Told 'em four. Hey man y'all get up outta here In the middle of It. No, no. While they coming like nigga, they literally like, it was a world shut. They saying no, no gathering over 500 people. If If you got anything man that shit is man you, your ass is damn near about to commit a felony crime. Like we're having a world crisis. Shut that shit down. It is 20,000 people in Baltimore coming to a show and them folk being turned around. 'cause we just did a show and watched the DC today before 15,000. I remember that like it was yesterday. We all sitting downstairs in in the arena like, what the fuck is going on?


This shit got to be fake. Nah, that shit be real. Eight months. That shit. Eight months. So now you are dc DC the most popping everybody DC The mosquito Fly. Yeah. DC the mosquito fly. And where, what do you have ironed out for your future? I mean, You know I just wanna be an executive man You, know what I'm saying? Like looking at the people like You know like Mario Van Peeples, what's what you called who be at the Knicks games? Man. Spike. Spike Lee You. know what I'm saying? Like you wanna just be moguls in the culture for helping others You know because I think a lot of people like put me on and you like, bro, first of all, you asking somebody to put you somewhere where you don't even know what you want to go.


All right. And he using his face card, his pull. And when you're doing it as a team, you have to win as a team. When one person fucks up it, it's you fuck your recruit up. That why people don't even know how businesses is work. Like it is a business. That's why I, I love being, I won't go to school for building. Like I just, I'm just so intrigued. Like this is a business. We built this shit from ground up. I love it from dirt, from clay and then look You know what I'm saying? So it's like every time I come in here I'm like bro, we can do anything we put our fucking mind to. It's just You know. Was this building just a lot? I mean it was nothing. Wow. It was a building but it was, it wasn't this, this infrastructure wasn't In it.


It was like a industrial, It was open space. Open. Yeah. Yeah. So You know every wall, every corner. I mean you guys went into the bath. I love the bathroom painted floors. I was like, oh that's Ryan freak ass every time you going there. People like they didn't hurry to get the fuck up out their bathroom man. But it was like the attention to detail around here is pretty impressive. Yeah. You know everybody had they little detail. You know Ryan won't do the bathroom so we gave it to 'em. Yeah. Freak. But I, I am a little confused how you guys have a dishwasher. Head has never been used. But You know it's safe to say that use you Don't wash they ass man.


Get the fuck on around here. I think we got washing machines at the house. You don't wanna ever wash your clothes? No. Dishwasher. Dishwasher. Oh Dish have a whole dishwasher. N the take has, don't Think a lot of people use the dishwasher. Lemme tell you in the last three days, It's like you walking there and you still see the dishes dirty. You like you better I clean these bitch Yourself. No, lemme just tell you something right now. Okay. Will you use a dishwasher? Yes it works. I do. It works. It's not like back in the day when they didn't work. Plus they have like these special pods that like make it all spot free Where I come from. You had a dishwasher, it didn't work. It may have cut on. Yeah. Yeah those But If, you cutting that bitch on here come the water leak, cut that shit off.


Nah, lemme tell you something. My dishwasher breaks is immediate emergency like book whoever You wanna get your fingers dirty. Especially when nails like, oh yeah, I figured You know. I figured you just wanna sit it in and press play. I Do like rinse and like You know make sure the food's off and all that. You know. Okay. If there's anything hard. I think that's what my mama forgot when we got our dishwasher. She forgot to rinse the food off. Yeah. And then you're supposed to So She put it in there It is soap still dried soup and spaghetti. Yeah. No you not supposed to do that. That's how they break too. Yeah. And. I broke and If. you wanna know another secret that so random kind of similar. The beach thing is a lot of people don't know how to load a dishwasher correctly.


I was just gonna say that. Like you go on YouTube, you put Silverware in the back. Yeah. Go on YouTube and learn how to load a dishwasher In the, it's behind the dishwasher up. Now you gotta take the rack out Like you get the Silverware. Nah, a lot of people don't know how to load a dishwasher. And. I learned that If, you load it correctly. It also helps clean the dishes properly. Well they need to teach us that too though. So YouTube, I learned it on YouTube. See the access of the internet is crazy right Now. You was looking up fights And I was looking up. How do I start? You gotta understand. World Star was, man, that's all I looked up was battle, rap and fights. I heard World start. I didn't care to look up nothing Else. Did Worldstar ever help you at any point in your career? Because there were some Yeah. worldstar still helpful. Now they got a huge platform.


Shout out to worldstar Man. No, I'm, I'm saying it helped you personally in your career. Yeah. But anytime you put some shit on worldstar then that was our first exposure to shit. That's what you want. Don't you get put on World Star. But If you make World Star. That's some good shit. But If, you got put on World Star unintentionally. Well that's bad. That mean The. World seen your ass get beat up In your whole career. What would you say is your biggest highlight? My biggest highlight. I'm just say I like ooh You.


know what I mean? You know. Just realizing that this is what I'm supposed to be doing. You know what I'm saying? I think that's the biggest highlight of it all. Like confidently knowing that God got my back You. know what I'm saying? Got my friend's back You. know what I'm saying? You gonna always go through stuff. But long as you just stay righteous and, and your spirit don't break. You know we human bro You. know what I'm saying? That's why I'm glad I do comedy. And, I stay out the way You. know what I'm saying? I'm human. I'm a real human and a lot of stuff that agitate me, people won't know that it agitate me 'cause I'm doing God's work You. know what I'm saying? I can't react off impulse. I think a lot of people act off impulse. And if I was an impulse person and if I was to react off impulse impulsively probably wouldn't like me.


Yeah. If, you have to choose between being an executive and talent. Would you give up being talent to be executive? I'm not saying that you, I'm not negating one or the other, but I'm saying If, you had to choose between the two. No, It's just hard. 'cause I am the talent. But in order for you to con take control of your business, you have to become an executive You. know And, I. Think a lot of talent. Just focus on being talent and thinking talent is all I I just told you, don't nobody give a fuck about you. That's the executive, That's the executive menu. That's the Executive saying, Hey my nigga, you think you that fi Let me tell you who you ain't. Let me tell you the people that have done it before you, you gotta be historian of, of your culture, of whatever you doing.


You wanna be great. You think you're great or you think you're doing a good enough job. Like that's, that's, that's how I train myself, And I coach myself, like mentally in my head, like to continue because to be great, if it's nine to five, I want to come in this bitch from eight to eight to seven. I like that. Yeah. I'm gonna still get some sleep. But you only be better for yourself the the the hours that you're not supposed to be. So when you overwork You, know what I'm saying? You like to overwork. I like, I like to say majority of my life I was overqualified. That's why I didn't get picked. And then You know, they try to make it seem like you the problem and it's like no. And a threat. I like that. I like that.


So where can everyone keep up with you? Hey man, follow your boy at DC Young Blizz everywhere. You dig what I'm saying? You know what I mean? Just You know. Eight five South. We going crazy man. You know the tour going crazy. Celebrity squares going crazy. I just produced a movie that's dropping March 1st in theaters with Mario Van Pee's called Outlaw Posse. So make sure y'all go check that out. So that's the executive bag that I'm trying to tap into to be able to walk around You know in the industry to be like You know I'm a producer, not only as a producer, I'm just streaming. No, we, we produced theatrical and shout out to Mario Van Peeples for allowing me to, to have that experience because that's a, that's one of those ones that that don't come by often.


You know. And that's a, a, a a a sign to say, not only was I an actor, I also had, I also had input on this movie and how it's supposed to be perceived. And, and it's a great movie. If, you like Westerners, go see it man. If, you don't still go see this shit. 'cause this shit off the chain. See it. Support. Thank you again. Yeah, Yeah. Thank you More. Definitely


Five Casino High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. Five five casino.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Boston proper is for women who love distinctive style in styles that don't define them. Boston proper designs are unique and made to fit flawlessly. Confident women wear Boston proper as an expression of who they are with chic, polished styling and unforgettable looks that get noticed anytime, every day, and on any occasion when you want that certain something in everything you wear. Wear Boston proper shop@bostonproper.com and wear it like no one else.


Whether you're a newborn baby with delicate dry skin or a fully grown adult whose skin is a little parched, everyone loves the feeling of being hydrated. That's why the makers of the world's Purest Baby wipes created their all new hydrating clean wipes, water wipes, hydrating clean wipes are made with over 99% water and beneficial botanicals, proven to clean, protect and hydrate sensitive skin so your skin gets to enjoy that feeling. Pick up a pack of water wipes, hydrating clean wipes today at Walmart.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community. The values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.