
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot. And enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor, subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery For details,


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd, receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouth watering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, mini time at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language. That to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year at zero Offer. May not be available in feature iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, supplies the att.com/iphone for detail.


Hey guys, Welcome to another episode of Eating While. Broke. We are not in LA today. We are over here at 85 South Studios with the special guest of the day. VAN LATHAN is in the building. You guys may know him as Podcaster Academy Award-winning executive producer You know. But I like to acknowledge you as the man that stood up to Kanye West in a TMZ office, Commissioner of the BBI Commissioner, and we gonna leave the commissioner of the BBI off. But Van, before we get into where you're at today, I want you to take me back to where you were when you were broke, what dish you're gonna have cooked for us to eat today.


So you can start with that. So I, I get outta college around, I would say 2003, 2003 I got outta college. And there's this like, transitional period in my life because I was always interested in people's stories.


And everybody's story seems so linear. Every story seems linear when you're, when you're at the end of it. Everybody has a moment that something happened for them. Everybody has a moment that they realize something. But when you're in the middle of it, you don't know. You don't know when it's gonna happen for you. You don't know how it's gonna happen for you. Yeah. Certain people have more certainty than other people do, but all you can do is work and try. Yeah. And, I get into this point. It's this weird odd point to where I'm like, nothing that I thought was going to happen or no way that I wanted to go is the way that I wanted to go. So you, you're graduated, we're taking back to when you graduated College. Right. And so I'm working at Best Buy and this is the same time that the College Dropout has come out around that same time.


Kanye's first album and well, he's talking about it's great album. Great album. He's talking about disillusioned high school graduates who now have to realize that they're not gonna conquer The World. That what they're gonna do is enter into the American workforce. Yeah. The rat race. Right. And they're gonna be a part of something. And everything that they did is not just not as meaningful as they thought it was going to be. In a way it's spiritually debilitating. And the song is the, the, the how. The whole album is about breaking free of that. Really. It's about saying, Hey, like I dropped out, but I dropped out. I took a, a path that is Less admired, less, Less admired, but in a way less traditional frowned upon.


Right? Yeah. In order to be more alive. Like I'm not killing myself. And so I'm into the point to where I'm like having an existential crisis. I'm like, yo, I'm killing myself. It's not, it's not working. And so many things happened within this two year period. My parents divorce, my mom leaves the house. And that was very for transformative for me because like when a woman leaves a home right away, everything gets less. But wait, you were, you were talking about after college though. Were you living at home with your parents? Sure. Oh, you were during college? Yeah. I went to Southern University in Baton Rouge. I had gone away to school and then I came back. And I went to Southern University because I wanted to be around all of my friends.


So I was still living at home. The, the, the school was about 10 minutes away from where we lived. Okay. So how old were you when your parents were like 22? 22. 22 or 23. And so you actually got to see it. I got to see it. Right. Geez, I got to see it as two people divorcing then. Not mommy and daddy divorcing And. I also got to see just through the, what Do you mean they're not mommy and daddy divorcing? It wasn't mommy and daddy divorcing. When you're 10 and your parents break up and you're 13, 14, mommy and daddy are divorcing in, in my life, crystal and Terry got a divorce because I had enough of a frame of mind or a frame of reference should I say, for these people to know who they kind of really were at that point. So I knew the anger that my father had.


I knew the paranoia that my mother had. I knew that these were two people that were on diverging spiritual growth journey, should I say, and that they were no longer compatible. And like what that means, like when you're a kid, it's like, are you guys going to get split up? Okay, who am I gonna live with? Yeah. Yeah. That's not the concern for me. The concern for me is do these people still get to live the version of their life that they wanna live now? That they're no longer together. Okay. And so when I saw that You know my mom, I was actually happy for them that they had made the decision. I was happy for them that my mother, I thought, okay, this is a new life for her. She had felt beaten down by a lot of things emotionally. She had felt unsupported by a lot of things emotionally.


And obviously with my father doing some of the things that he was doing, he must have been unhappy too. So maybe this is a new life for them. I'm young enough to think at that point that severing that type of relationship in some way could be a positive for those two people. Okay. As much as they loved each other and loved each other until my father passed away. But immediately she left the house and it was two niggas living in the house that didn't know how to do shit. Like the house just became, it's like, it, it's just like I remember Were you a young, the youngest two or something? Who are you the youngest in your family? Because you said it was just the two Of you. Yeah, I was, I I was the youngest in the family. I was the only one still around. My sister had gone, my You know my dad had other kids, but they were gone.


But like, so it's just me and him living house. But your dad had other kids? Yeah. What do you mean? He had other kids? Nigga You. know what I mean? Well, Don't glaze over it. Okay. Okay. So your mom was dealing with a lot. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. So, okay. So it was, it was, that's another reason why you're happy for her to go and have a chance at a life that is for her. Yeah. Right. And so You know me and him are there and it's like she, she's your mom, but she's also like a, a, a genius in creating, she's a genius in keeping things running.


She, you get taught this lesson of misogyny and the lesson is that somebody leaves the house and they go make a whole bunch of money. And I, my mother worked too and made a lot of money, but somebody leaves the house and go, makes a lot of money, and then they come back into a castle and everything that they touch inside a house turns the goal. But you don't realize that there's somebody who's keeping your life beautiful. There's someone whose, whose attention to detail, somebody whose ability to multitask. Somebody who's, who looks out for things. Somebody who, when something's broke, they go, okay, you gotta go fix that. Somebody who, when something doesn't work, they go, okay, we gotta get it working. And the moment that she left, it was the, the house crumbled. It fell apart.


Like the turn on the stove. Pop pop, the electric pop, And, I. Look at him. And he looks at me and I'm like, right. She gets that fixed. That motherfucker popped until we got out of the house. We, him never fixed it. Right. The the washing machine broke, never got fixed. Wow. You know what I mean? Yeah. It just, just like little stuff like that. Like my mother used to come out, this was a big beautiful home on about 60 acres that we had had, she would come out and she would spray paint, like, like power wash the outside the house to wear everything. Wow. Like just me and him were just too focused on the individual things that we were doing to care about all of that. The place was just less beautiful because the woman of the house had gone.


Wow. And so during that whole time, I'm also broke. I'm also broke. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm working at Best Buy. I'm, I'm like, I'm treading water. I don't know what I wanna do. And then Hurricane Katrina comes. Okay. I remember that. Yeah. And so when Hurricane Katrina comes, this is like a weird two year period of my life. Like, everything changes. Like society crumbles, everybody's strapped for cash. 'cause you've taken on so much more. You got relatives living with you that come down from down in the city. Everything's different. And now everyone's trying to stretch that dollar. You're eating different, you're feeling different.


And it just doesn't feel like there's any abundance. It didn't feel like that in my life. And so that's when I, that, that was the most, that was the point. Honestly, from 2003 to 2005, that was the point where I figured out myself. I, I moved to LA in 2006. Okay. By the time I got to LA I could fucking handle anything. I could handle anything. I had buried homeboys. I had put relatives in the ground. I, there was nothing The World had showed me like some really ill shit. And so when I got out the, out there and was dealing with la it was a piece of cake. So you also navigated Eating.


While. Broke. So what dish are you gonna have us eat today? Grilled cheese. Grilled cheese. It's a staple. The staple. And the most simplistic and delicious meal. Did you have to add any tomato soup or anything? Or you just did it? The legendary, classic. Fuck all that butter, bread, cheese and cheese. Shout out to my uncle David. Rest in peace. Shout out to my uncle Mark. Rest in peace. These guys taught me the beauty of the grilled cheese and You know where they learned it at? Where, Where you think They mama? Nah. Where you think they learned the grilled cheese at these two uncles? What do you think? Someone screamed?


Somebody say it. Say it. Jail. Jail. Jail. See, I could tell what y'all you been, I can tell what kinda life you done been living. Look, they, they, they learned to grill cheese in jail. They were grilled cheese mechanics. Okay. They came back in here and they was like, How'd y'all know it was jail? Because They, because we Because what? Because Yeah, because we, because we know. Right? They was grilled cheese mechanics. Okay, well, let's see. Let's judge a grilled cheese. Oh, I haven't made it in a long time. 'cause a nigga is not broke no more. Okay. But let's see. You know what I've been doing this show for? This will be our, this is our third season. We're taping right now. Yeah. And some of the dishes are so good on this show that I go home and I'll make it broke.


Or not Broke or not. You gonna make it. They good. Butter is a very, is very sensual Look at butter. Watch this. Watch this one. Watch this. Watch this. Oh daddy, you hear that? Look at the butter. Go. Oh my god. Butter is like delectable, right? Oh yeah. I use butter in 90% of my cooking. Really? What's that? What's that? What's that blood pressure like I. Don't know. But I'm really healthy. For real. I'm really healthy. Okay. Like what do you go, you get a checkup. First of all, I Don't know if you could do a good grilled cheese. I'm watching the way you're making this grilled cheese. And I'm concerned not, it's not, it's not gonna be good. I'm concerned. I'm deadly concerned. 'cause I feel like you are gonna butcher this grilled cheese. Let's, It's not, it's not gonna be good.


I can already tell you it's not gonna be good You. know what I'm saying? I mean, yeah. 'cause these jail birds, they they definitely didn't teach you jail birds. Oh My god. God. They didn't teach you the right way. How much cheese are you gonna put on this grilled cheese? I'm gonna put a lot. This is how you did it broke. Yeah, man. You put three pieces of gr of cheese on your broke grilled cheese I. Don't know if You know this, but like, I'm a big ass nigga. Yeah. Nah bro. You, you're being judged. And right now this grilled cheese is looking like it's not. Oh, we gonna see. We'll see. We'll, I mean, we'll see what happens. Can I ask you a question? What is this show to judge people? Is it to get inspiring stories About people's? Well, I like You. know what? The first two, the first season and a half, I was very nice with people's feelings. Okay. And then I had someone made tuna castro.


They made a tuna casserole in this motherfucker. It was terrible. Well, we tape in LA usually. Oh, I see. Like 85 did this whole thing for us. Shout outs to 85. They did the whole cooktop and whole build this whole kitchen. I'm in love with it. Now. I'm gonna have to come to Atlanta more. You like Atlanta. But yeah, I like it. It's cool. I haven't seen much out here yet. Where do you travel to? Where do you go? What you mean where do I go? Yeah. Where do you be at? I Be, I'll be at la New York, LA New York. Just Okay. Fashion Week. La New York. Okay. la New York. You, I'm from there. You know. Let's focus on your story for sure. Okay. So you graduate, you move to la Yeah. And you graduate with what degree?


I have a political science and English degree. Okay. And your goal in life before you left college was To be an attorney. Okay. And then you got to LA to be In the movie game. Okay. What happened in between those times to make you change your career? I spoke to a lot of attorneys. You found out they don't like their jobs. Well, I found out, so my brother Jabre is one of the most brilliant people I've ever known. Super brilliant. Like ridiculously smart, right? Smart in a way that's almost inaccessible. And he went to Morehouse here in Atlanta. And then he went to Stanford, one of the greatest law schools in The, World.


And he didn't have a specific love for the law if you ask me. But he is just a, a incredibly successful person. And it didn't seem like to me like that was going to be a fulfilling life. What I like to do is commiserate, talk, create. Obviously I like to to to to go back and forth on all of that stuff. But more than anything, I want to create things that made people think and discuss And. I. Don't think that that was going to be something that was possible as an attorney. Okay. Now a little backstory. So did all your siblings graduate college?


No. Okay. Are any any of them similar to your chose, similar to your path? My sister's a poet. Okay. She's one of the greatest poets in The. World. Really? I think So. She made money on it? No. Okay. She made no money on it. Okay. But ridiculously talented. And I'm inspired by her every single day because she creates no matter what the circumstance is. Okay. And that to me is more impressive than somebody who gets flow flown all over The World to create. She creates because she must create and not because it's incredibly lucrative for her to create.


Okay. So it's in her. It's in her. And that makes me feel good.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets make up better wigs for Lauren LaRosa. Whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the flocked starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for Details.


Proving trust is more important than ever, especially when it comes to your security program. Vanta helps centralize program requirements and automate evidence collection for frameworks like SOC two, ISO 27 0 0 1, hipaa, and more. So you save time and money and build customer trust. And with Vanta, you get continuous visibility into the state of your controls. Join more than 8,000 global companies like Atlassian, flow Health and Quora who trust Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. Now that's a new way to GRC. Get $1,000 off Vanta when you go to vanta.com/special. That's vanta.com/special for $1,000 off


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory, ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


So you get to la what's the next step? I worked for a place called Capricorn Programs for a while. What do you do there? I ho. I, I produce a show called Cyber Net. It's a video game show. So when I first get out to LA, I am playing video games for a living and then reporting on those video games on this show, cyber net and writing for the show. Okay. And then, Then something happens. What happens? Okay. That company goes belly up. Oh, financial crisis. So when that company company goes belly up, guess what I get to do? Live on unemployment.


Hell yeah. I love unemployment. Yep. And. I become one of the world's foremost pickup basketball players. Every gym in LA you see me, 24 Hour Fitness. You see Me? Oh, you didn't try to hustle on top of the unemployment. I definitely did, but the most thing that I did was just play ball and vibe and write. I wrote so much. I wrote so much, so much stuff for But how long were you on unemployment? A year? Six months. Two. You can be on long unemployment. Two years. You have to remember that at this time it was the financial crisis. So they were extending benefits. Okay. Okay. To meet people's needs. What year is this? 2007. 2008. 2008. Yeah. It had to have been 2008 And then it's like going into 2010 basically.


Okay. And lemme tell you what happens. this isn a true story. So I'm on unemployment, I'm doing my thing, I'm walking into the gym, LA Fitness Hollywood, everybody there knows me. Okay. I'm walking into the gym, I'm walking into the gym and as I'm walking into the gym, a lady outside the gym says, Hey, you wanna take place in this isn? You wanna take part in this survey? I'm like, yeah, sure, no problem. She's like, take part in this survey. and we like what you say, we'll give you $500. Oh shit. And. I was like, hell yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I do the whole thing. I do my whole little shtick. I'm on a little small camera that she has and she goes, we like you. We want you to come out to this place and do even more stuff, right.


And take place in this gigantic bigger survey where it is not a big deal. We're gonna have you try out these products and when you try out these products, we're just gonna ask you what you think about 'em. I'm like, cool, no problem. Alright. So I decide to go to this thing. Oh, we cheesing it up right now. It actually looks really good. Yeah. I'm thoroughly impressed. And so I go to this thing, it's in Van Nuys. You know where Van Nuys is. Yeah. So I go in there and I'm into the little deal or whatever and the guy goes, okay, this is what you're gonna do. I want you to go in here, take a shower and use this shampoo because they're doing product testing. Take a shower, use this shampoo right when you get outta there, brush your teeth, use this toothbrush and this toothpaste cool.


He's like, don't do this, don't do that stuff. We took those products off the list and then when you come in here, we want you to shave with this razor. And I'm like, well, I'm not shaving my beard. He goes, yeah, well you can just shave at the top and on the and and right here and just tell us what you think about it. I'm like, cool, no problem. So after that, cool. I do all this stuff. I get into this little room and inside of this room, there's two other guys in the room and they got towels on And. I'm looking around, I'm like, yo, what's going on here? What is this? I try to weigh myself on a scale. Scale doesn't work. I'm looking in the room if the room looks like a gym, except I know that we're not in a gym, like what's going on? So I start using the, the, the razor, doing it like this. And when I start using the razor, somebody jumps out with a camera and they say, Hey, are you ready for the Gillette Fusion Pro Glide Challenge?


It's a commercial. Oh my gosh. And I'm like, oh shit. And so I'm using the thing, I'm doing the whole thing. I'm going back and forth to God, I'm having fun. After the thing is over, I walk in there and everybody's clapping like, Hey, why? How you doing? Like, you guys did a great job. You're in a commercial. Boom, boom, boom. So don't make $500. I make $3,000. Get the freak out because I would've been so hyped Because it's a a We're done baby. Oh, special. That's a really good looking grilled cheese. Oh my God. Look at that. The cheese is bubbling guys. Yeah, it's bubbling Over And there's a little butter there. Shout to My uncle. Now I just learned a trick in making grilled cheese. What is it? To stack a lot of cheese in the middle. It needs a, that is Crazy.


Cheese is actually a pretty staple ingredient to the grilled cheese. I know, but I usually just put like one or two. Yours is like, first of all, you did a really Impress me. I tell you. I tell you. I tell you why though. That's why you're healthy though. You said you were healthy before. Look at the like the even colored color I. Don't know if it's, you did a really impressive grilled cheese. Okay. Yes. You just low and slow. Okay, so look, so I'm there and they go like, okay, so it's Saturday. So the 500 bucks that you were promised, you get that it's Saturday. So you get double the session fee on that plus like whatever you get like a holding fee and all of that stuff. So I end up making like $3,000 for this commercial. Lemme tell you what kind of American I am.


I come home and I'm doing my unemployment and it asks if you made any money, please don't Say you reported it. Yep. Why? I put the money on there. Why? I don't know. I've seen niggas get the death penalty for less so, so I put, so I put the money on there, right? Oh no. I put the money on there and this is what happens. They then readjust my unemployment quarterly. You need friends like me? Yeah. I would've for sure told you not to do that. So quarterly. So it goes from being, I go from getting $500 a week in unemployment to $75 a week in unemployment. So I go, okay, this is the deal. It's not, obviously they, they don't think a nigga could live off this.


So I'm just gonna go up to the unemployment office, I'm gonna talk to these people. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go up to the unemployment office, I'm gonna talk to these people. I'm gonna straighten this whole thing out. So I go up there to the unemployment office in Pasadena. I'll never forget the lady was like, baby, ain't nothing we can do. It's in the computer. I was like, I can't live on this, blah blah blah. It's in the computer. So I, I needed a job. I had to have a Job. Yeah. Did you call the Gillette people back? I didn't, but You know what the funny thing was the Gillette, that commercial ended up like making me that commercial ran. Oh shit. Well, I didn't know anything. Okay. I didn't know anything about being a commercial actor. So I would get a holding check every now and again. And then I started making money off the commercial.


But that's later. I didn't know this. I came home and when I came home I was like, I have to find a job. Yeah. I pulled up entertainment careers.net. The first job was TMZ Tour Guide. You were a tour guide? Yep. No way. It was being a tour guide. TMZ was starting a tour and the tour was like, you go around to different places and you show people different things that happened like on TMZ. Like we would show you where Josh Hartnett got diarrhea. We would show you where Michael Richards fucked up at the Laugh Factor. It's actually a pretty good tour. I'm actually, I was one of the first guides on the tour. I was the first guide on the tour.


So I actually a little bit of pride in the fact that we were able to jump that off and make it a thing. 'cause it's still going right now. It's still going. Yeah. Right. So I get in there And, I do that. I apply and That's a brilliant concept. Now that I think about it. The It is, okay, go on. You revolutionized the whole tour game. So I apply and they, they're doing the tours like American Idol. They have all of these tour guides in there. And then every week they cut a guide. So I'm in there And I, like they, they have me coming in there, And, I, whatever. I get the whole thing. I start with the TMZ tour. This goes through to about everything I'm talking about.


I start with the TMZ tour, I think April of 2010, maybe it might been 2011, whatever it is. I start with the TMC tour. Then by July I started in March. By July, I'm on TV every day Within a couple months. Yep. Harvey came and took the tour. I was up there doing my thing. And I told a joke and he liked the joke so much that he brought me in and put me in into the, Into the newsroom. Into the newsroom. Yep. Okay. So then you get this newsroom opportunity, your pay goes up, benefits, what, what we looking at? So this is the way it was working. I was making money because I was getting tips on the tour.


Okay. So I was probably making $1,500 a week straight cash off the tips on the tour shoot. I was killing these motherfucking white people. Okay. I was killing them. I was ha I was fucking killing them. And then you would, you would come in and you would have like people from those tourists, like they were from Australia, they were from Canada. There was a thing that we do on a tour to where if you see a celebrity on the tour, you stop the bus, you get off, you shoot the celebrity. Okay. And when you're driving around in LA at certain times, if You know where to go, it's impossible not to see famous people. Like if you were coming to LA and you and you were hanging out with me, And I was like, Hey, you wanna sit around and watch celebrities all day?


There are three or four places I could tell you where it's going to happen. Okay. And so we would see 'em And, I'm a good spotter. I would spot celebrities and we would see 'em and the, the people would go crap. We all kinds of people. Fucking Lady Gaga, Leonard DiCaprio, David Beckham, and just the other niggas that be around. Just niggas that be around. You're hilarious. You would just You know the people I'm talking about in there. LA they just, they, they'd be around. You see 'em all the time. It's like, Hey, weren't you in? Yeah. Like you see 'em, the funniest thing was BET Awards weekend. Right. Because there would be all kinds of celebrities that I would recognize that the bus wouldn't know who they were. And so the bus wouldn't believe me that these people were famous. I'm like, yo, I don't know if You know this motherfucker at two number ones. and we ain't never heard of him before.


Like I don't know. He signed to Ludacris and them he's, that's like, actually I don't wanna say the guy's name, but like that's actually, that guy is a huge singer. Like, you guys should probably care about him. We dunno. Fuck him. Keep going. No, but I mean, so anyway, so You know I'm making good money because I'm making my tips off the tour. I'm doing three different jobs for TMZ. I'm also on a camera with my, on the street with my camera. Okay. I'm on the street with my camera. I'm doing the tour. Oh, you're doing the tour and the newsroom and all this on The tour and the newsroom. They gave me as many jobs as they could.


And I delivered. Were Did you join as they were like a startup? Or were they like startup Level or? So they were, so this was 2000. And so they started in like 2005. Okay. I got there five years later. Okay. So That's considered still startup Probably. Yeah. So they were, they were, the newsroom cast was established though, so I had to break in. Okay. And I give, I always give Harvey credit for this. He the same joke. 'cause it's very hard to break into that room because when you're in the room and you're, everybody's fighting for airtime, the camera's always on Harvey. But as far as you, you gotta say something. You gotta do something to stand out.


Yeah. So you get, you start to maximize the moments that you have. And if you are on that means somebody else isn't. So once it's 10 motherfuckers in there, they're not looking for the 11th motherfucker to come in. Yeah. But Harvey knew that I had that joke that I could tell on the, I wanna hear the joke. It kind of doesn't work without us being on the tour. But so we, so we passed by the Hustler store on the tour. Okay. And so the hu it would stop on the Hustler Tour. And this was a different time to tell this joke. Okay. So, so we would stop And I would have the bus stop right by the hustle store.


And You know who Larry Flint is, right? Larry Flint started Hustler. And I would be like this guy Hustle store. Larry Flint started Hustler. And I. Don't know if you guys know this, but Larry Flint is one of the most important men in the history of civil rights. And they're like, what are you talking about? And I was like, well, you guys might not know this, but Larry Flint is in a wheelchair. He was shot. One of the reasons why Larry Flint was shot was because there were people that were upset that he was doing interracial photo spreads in Hustler. Oh, I didn't Know that. It's very true. And the bus would go, oh, I didn't know that. And I would go like, yeah, so Larry Flint, it's very important civil rights leader because he took a bullet so that I could fuck white women.


That's a really good, that's good. Right? And so I remember Harvey goes, Oh my God. Like, ha Ha. And so I go, and so they don't want to laugh. They don't wanna laugh. That's funny. But I'm in the room. And I say that to everybody and they, it's so far outta left field. And they've never heard the sound of my voice before. I said, ah. I remember, shout out to Nina Parker, who worked at TMZ with me, who's still a dear friend of mine to this day. Beautiful black woman. Nina was looking at me like, I know they didn't just bring one of these niggas into the newsroom when these goddamn Tiger Woods is, but that joke put me over in the newsroom. Okay. And so, and he knew that it would.


Yeah. Yeah. And so after that, boom, they all left. Another thing I tell the kids, I don't wanna be hyper verbose about the whole TMZ situation, but another thing I tell the kids kids is your, your ability to succeed at a place is not just about your talent. It's about your ability to recognize opportunity. Yeah. So the very first year I was there, I realized that everybody goes home for Christmas. So everybody takes off for Christmas. So if you watched the show, it's always a buzzing newsroom. Everybody is around. Everybody's doing all of this. But it's bare bones in there.


Like any point after Thanksgiving until the New Year. New Year. 'cause everybody's rotating in and off vacation, but they're still doing a show. They still have to do a show. Yeah. They don't go dark for two weeks like everybody else's. A daily show. Yeah. I did not go home. I stuck around and when I stuck around, I got all of the time to talk and be on camera that I wanted to. So in that month, I endeared myself to the audience. Nice. Right after that, he comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. We are gonna do all of this. Next time contract went up, And I, just my stature at TMZ just went up to the point to where I think maybe a year, two years after that, I was a producer.


I was,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the flocked starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory, ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy writing.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the moth watering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making the perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, but You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply ct.com/iphone for details.


So let's take, let's, Let's fast forward to the the iconic moments. Yeah. Kanye West. The Kanye West. Yeah. You Like him? I love Kanye. I I love old Kanye. Nah, you Like him now I can tell. Yeah. You know what? It's so funny. So my favorite rapper is Jay-Z. And my little brother's favorite rapper is Kanye. Mm. But now Eagle acknowledges that Jay-Z's the Ultimate Goat. So You know we have a great, great relationship, but Kanye, let me try this. Grilled cheese, Go for it. Let's see. Bless you. That's straight from Angola. Stay penitentiary right there. Yeah. Let's see.


But Kanye, old Kanye was simply amazing to me. I loved how outspoken he was. I don't know what happened in the Kardashian era, like what kind of drugs they put him on or what went wrong because he was always pro from the Bush statement. Like he was always that guy. So take us to that day. What's going on like from beginning to end. So Harvey had gone to that, that butter gone burn. So Harvey had gone to You know the week before then Kanye had an album come out, and this is after the Trump stuff. And he had You know gone off at his, at his show and all of that stuff.


Harvey had gone out to Calabasas and he, he was so giddy, he called me up to his office and he goes, look, look at this is me hanging out with Kanye West. So I'm like, whatever. You were like whatever. Yeah. I'm like, at this point, I don't give a fuck about that. Okay. I, I hate that type of shit. Okay. The, the, I tell you what I hate, don't talk to me about who you was hanging out with ever. Okay? Like if you go to a party, when you come back and talk to me about the party, talk to me about how the vibes were, were the drinks good? Was the music good? So If Jay-Z was in the room, you wanna hear about the drinks? I Don't give a fuck.


You wanna be like crazy? Tell me, I don't give a fuck if Jay-Z came to your party. I couldn't give a fuck. What do that lemme tell you. So it's a good party You know my friend. That's the only thing you'd be hearing for a whole. It's a, it's a good party. 'cause he was there. Shout out to him. It like, it is a good party. 'cause he was there. I don't Get, it's amazing grill cheese. Thank you. I don't care at all. Like, hey man, the drinks was good man. The DJ was crazy. He played that old school juvenile, all of that shit. Now I'm gonna come to the party. If you start, oh, You tripping. I don't. I'm not, if Jay show up to my party, If Jay show up to your party, it's a, I guess it's a big deal for your party. I'm not saying that. I'm saying that it doesn't make me want to attend your party because there are famous people there Of course.


But I'm saying that, okay, so Harvey comes to you, he's like, yo, I was kicking it with Kanye. Kanye, Kanye, Kanye, Kanye. That would be me, Kanye, that would be me. I'll show up to you. This is all I You know. Look at these Pictures. This is all I heard. Kanye, Kanye, Kanye. Okay. And so he shows me the theme and him and Kanye have some kind of rapport that they're working on or whatever. I don't know what's going on. And so a week after that he like, I'm in the newsroom. And by the way, at this point I've been very outspoken on Kanye because this is Kanye posing with Donald Trump. This is post, all that stuff. So he comes up to me after the morning meeting, he goes, Hey. I was like, what? And he goes, we didn't wanna tell you, but in about 10 minutes Kanye West about to show up here.


I was like, inside of TMZ. And he was like, yeah. He was like, all right, just let You know. All the mics are gonna be down. Because the way it works is for TMZ Live, which is the live show. Sure. That comes in the middle of the day. You have a red button at your desk. Okay. And a thing at your desk. Anytime you have that red button, you can talk. So after Har, after Harvey and Charles do their thing, you hit that red button, you can talk. So when I wanna jump in and say something funny, I jump in and say something funny when I wanna jump in, when it's time for them to come to me, like Van, van, van talk, you can talk. But they had all the mics down because they just wanted this to be Harvey, Charles and Kanye West. Okay, cool.


So I go sit at my shout out to Charlamagne because I go sit down at my desk, And I, start watching the interview that Charlamagne did with Kanye that dropped that very same day. Okay. When he was walking around Calabasas. So I started watching that. I'm at the desk, Kanye West comes in, very polite guy, says hello to everyone, everything like that. They go over to TMZ Live, they start doing TMZ Live. Soon as the cameras come on, he turns into a fucking demon. Right? Like when I tell you when I'm like, it just, I come alive in the nighttime type shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He's talking now. I mean, I'm not saying that he was being, when you Say demon, like the stuff he was saying with Yeah, I'm not, I don't mean the demon.


I'm not demonizing Kanye West. I mean it's like no stream of consciousness. The whole thing. I'm like, oh shit. But I'm still not paying any attention. I'm not paying any attention. I'm looking at the interview. I'm not a part of this conversation. So you're Looking at the interview but watching, kind of looking up or Kind of Not really though. But remember I've been told specifically that I'm not part of this conversation. So it's on them. Kanye says a slavery four oh oh by the way, Candace Owens is with him. Oh Yeah. She came to the office with him. Look, I don't know how you're not look not watching the interview and still looking at the Char interview while I'm, Were there, I'm looking at the Charlamagne interview. They're walking around Calabasas like You know.


They, they, Kanye got his hair. You know they having all of these deep ass offs I'm looking at. But I can, I can hear him though because he starts to scream. He doesn't just wanna talk to Harvey and Charles, he wants to talk to all of us, the whole room. Okay. Right. So I can, I can hear him. And. I was like, God damn, this nigga, damn that nigga all one. And so like, I'm, I'm, I'm still looking at it and he says, slavery, 400 years. 400 years. That seems like a choice to me. And everybody's like, oh, Where was Audible Gas? How did Candace face look when he said that? Couldn't see her. I don't know. Okay. She, I think she was in the other room. 'cause there's a side room glass on. How did those two cross passed there? He, a couple of weeks before that, or maybe like a month before that, Candace had gone viral for shutting down some, some students that had come to a turning point, USA meeting where she had said, ah, you're a victim.


And, I don't like you and fuck civil rights whatever. And, and whatever she said to them. And Kanye was like, this is the type of thinking that I like. And then he, he put it, Kanye put Kenneth Owen on. Yeah. Like, she, like, she, she by the way, this is wanna make a judgment call about Candace Owens. Go to wherever you go to wherever you want. Go to You know whatever. But he put her on basically. So she was with him for a little while. I think he got a lot of his his his early political. Yeah. When he was first in that new sort of right sphere of thought. I think a lot of, he got a lot of that stuff from her And. I think he probably still does to this day from a lot of those types of people. Anyhow, so he's talking, he says that, I didn't say anything when he said that there's a, there's a misconception that he said that And I was like, nah, I didn't like, I didn't like, like I didn't say didn't do the Superman.


Yeah. People think it was like a big deal. I didn't say nothing. Right. I didn't say anything at all. His, his business, he asked, like he asked very simply. He said that everyone gasps. One other person had said once, one other thing about something that he had said. But most of the people in the room just sidebar real quick. You guys have no idea. I guess you actually probably do. 'cause Atlanta has per capita more famous people than anywhere else. You can't go to a fucking mall without God damn nigga wasn't you in a TL. But like, But just fame just paralyzes people particularly in LA like fame.


Just like, just like, oh my God, it doesn't matter what he would've said up there. He's saying stuff and people are like, Jesus Christ, this is the most famous person that's ever been inside this office before. But I'm surprised 'cause at TMZ they cross paths it a lot. Not nobody like that. Okay. Like it, it is like, especially to be in the office doing that. It's one thing to, to have to see people out on the street and get a, but You know there's a specific TMZ celebrity that we talk to all the time. You know nobody like that. So take us back to that moment before you Superman. So he says that and he turns around and he goes, he says the whole thing and he goes, does it feel like I'm speaking freely?


He says that he turns around, he goes, does it feel like I'm speaking freely? Okay, now lemme tell you a split second just how my mind works. Like for me, I just have, I like my insecurity is that I just can't be the nigga you can fuck over. I don't have to be the number one guy, but like, I'll fight you until you realize you can't fuck over me. I'll play you in basketball till I realize I can't be the easy guy to get over on. Okay. So if you ask me something like that, And I didn't say anything. There's toxicity in me that says I gotta answer this question. Okay. Like, I can't have allowed him that.


Somebody might think that. It's like everybody was like, you filled up with the ancestors. Nah, I didn't want to feel like a weakling. Yeah. I didn't want to miss my opportunity to tell him how I feel like he was acting because then it feels like I'm the one that he could just kind of get off on. So he says that And, I go, no, Y I don't feel like you're thinking anything. Like actually you don't know you. I remember I'm saying I'm not gonna go back through the whole thing, but you look crazy right now. Like everything that you're doing, not just now, but every other time, like you look crazy. You're not thinking, and particularly this, it's not even about that. It's about what the regression or how can I put this, not regression.


It's what a guy like that represents because we empower him. So imagine like spinning your youth, like arming somebody with this great big cultural gun. Everything that Kanye did, we were, I was down in Louisiana when he said, George Bush doesn't care about black people. He was my guy. Like all the things that he would say when he would speak up like you, you defend him, you advocate for him, you do it, you stand by and you just, the little cultural gun that he has, the little megaphone, it just gets bigger and bigger. The gun just gets bigger and bigger and bigger. And then one day you're staring down the barrel of it. Now the things that he's saying that you've empowered him to say are being turned right back at you.


Yeah. And so like, it's like, Hey, don't shoot me. Yeah. Like, why, why, why you shooting at me? Yeah. Like You, know what I'm saying? It's like, it's like I I'm the same dude like you, you, you, Kanye West. I love you. Yeah. Like if I, I'm not about to dis him. It's never would. I said, yo, you're a genius. Everything that you've got done is you deserve all the stuff that you've gotten. We love you, but lemme tell you how you making us feel. Yeah. That's it. That's, that's it. I'm not, I'm not trying to go toe to toe with, with, with like a cultural deity. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm not trying to act like he hasn't inspired me in the way that he's inspired me or act like he hasn't done the things that he's done. Like we don't do that where I'm from. We give you your props or else we would be haters.


But I just have to let him know like, what you're doing right now is particularly pernicious to us because we are in a very specific place in this country. Yeah. And when you go back and you watch it, he listened. Now look, my thing is this, any one person like that, there's no person that's like gonna be able to be a nigga whisperer and change what somebody thinks. Of course. Like there's a day-to-day experience that people have that has to do with their surroundings, who they are, their input and output. That's going to affect how they look at The World. You're not asking anybody to be to, to change that. But what I do think is important as black people is for us to be cognizant of how what we do affects other people.


For example, I worked at TMZ for nine years. I'm not in a moral position to chastise anyone. Like literally. Yeah. Like not in a figurative way. I'm not in a moral position to chastise anyone. I understand compromises that people have to make in order to get to where they want to get. I understand that sometimes people might walk into situations and not really know what it is that they're getting into. And then on the other side, You know better than you do better. Right. So it's not about that. It's about just alerting someone when you feel like they're doing harm. Yeah. And then that's that. And then after that, after I've said my piece, you can choose, either you can continue to harm me or you can be different.


So How did that milestone with Kanye change the trajectory of your life? 'cause it, it definitely had a huge impact. So it was really the beginning of my career. And the reason why it was, was because number one, I was never gonna be able to leave TMZ with the reputation that they have there. And this is not shots at TMZ or anything like that. Once you leave a place that has such a distinct perch and culture, it's very difficult for people to believe certain things about you. And, I. Think going over. What Do you mean? Like what kind of culture? Like What do you mean familiar with TMZ?


I am familiar with them. I'm just saying describe it. I'm saying from the journalist perspective, you're saying like, okay, This isn what I'll say. So look, there's a reason why like A TMZ exists. And honestly, the reason why TMZ exists is the need for people to feel good about themselves, The, the reader or the watcher to feel good about themselves, the Reader. I'll tell you why. So the celebrity in America is over loved, way over, loved over, important over everything.


It just doesn't matter that much that somebody is famous or rich. Yeah. It just really doesn't matter that much. Yeah. Honestly, it's probably a net negative. Yeah. However, it's so, it's so precious to people that there's a need to feel that that person has done or is doing something wrong. Right. Like to more humanize them. Right. So like the question becomes this isn like, take, take Kim Kardashian. Right. Everybody saw her fuck. Right? Everybody saw her fuck, she's sex tape out. Everybody saw her. Right? Everybody watches sex tape that comes out and people get to make the decision about whether or not they would have that happen for them, whether or not they would go through that in order to be Kim Kardashian.


And it makes them feel good to say no. So it it, so Wow. So it, it makes them feel good to say, You know what? I wouldn't want that life. It's too crazy. It makes them good to feel to to, to say, to makes them feel good. To say, I wouldn't compromise myself in that way. It makes them feel good to say, I would never do this. I would never be around these people. I would never do that. I would never do this. It makes them feel good to say, Hollywood's too weird. I wouldn't do that. Right. And TMZ feels that blood lust that people have and it lets them disconnect from the idea that these people are better than them. It makes, it lets them disconnect because every time somebody gets a DUI and it goes up on the thing, every time somebody gets a divorce, everybody in here knows people that have been divorced.


Yeah. There's no magic or sinister story to a divorce. Sometimes it don't work out. It just doesn't work out. Yeah. But you wanna believe certain people will never be happy because their lifestyles are antithetical to happiness in a relationship. So you wanna, you wanna believe that you use A lot of big words, antithetical words. Like, like, like you, you, like, you, you, you, you wanna believe that, right? You wanna believe that TMZ gives you that. In order to do that, TMZ has to treat those people. Like they're not people. They have to treat them as if they're concepts. Celebrity is not a, a person.


That's why I guess TMZ comes off a little bit invasive and ruthless, right? Well, no, because they're, they're, They're because they're not treating, they're, they're treating them kinda like, well, You have to, right? Yeah. Like even, even the TMZ tour was a celebrity safari. Like what's on a safari. Yeah. Animals. Yeah. Animals, Right. And so and so like when, when you, like the tour was celebrity se far animals, right? Yeah. And so you do that, right? And what you, what you say is, okay, well, in order to be a celebrity, the game is pr at its base, right? Yeah. So this is what you sign up for. Yeah. Kind of, right? Yeah. Because like there are certain things that you don't sign up for. Yeah. I'll never talk, I'll never, I'll never forget this. There was the sister of a celebrity that had, that had had something taught done to them.


I'll never forget, I'm not gonna talk about who I had the conversation with. I'm like, yo, we shouldn't do that. and they did the story and this dude went on fucking at the, and let us fucking have it. And I was like, yo, we had to take it down and apologize and do all that stuff. I'm like, yo, like there's a limit to this. That's not me making a moral judgment on team Team. Yeah. I'm just telling you the way things go. Yeah. Yeah. So like, when You know all of that, when you have an idea of what drives that, like obviously there they're moral, there are things that you have to not care about to work there, but most of the people, there are good people. Yeah. They're just desensitized to whatever was going on there because that's where they work.


Yeah. Like, like that. Like that's what they do. I'm I'm there. I'm, it's the same thing. Things are coming in at a certain point you go, God damn You know. And it's there there'll be be little small things. this isn this football player that had this video come out of some altercation that was in, and it said savage beating by this And I was just looking at the headline. I'm like, that's, I don't think we should say go savage beating there. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I, I think Savage is like a, that's like a interesting way where there's just little small things. The mayor of of DC died. Mayor Marion Barry Crack, Mary Marion Barry dies Like he died.


And like, by the way, the people in DC are gonna freak the fuck out because I don't know if you guys know, but Marian Barry was with Martin Luther King Jr. Like where I'm from, like, I I deal with a group of people, a community, people that are always categorized by the worst moment that they have. And I don't feel comfortable with categorizing a man that means so much to his city by the worst, most scandalous thing he ever had. You can't talk about his life without talking about that. Yeah. But maybe in the headline you don't do that. Yeah. So, so, so it, it, so all of those things start to start to happen. And so for me, what the place represents is not even so much a bunch of, not even so much, a bunch of immoral people that are running around trying to get the dirt on celebrities.


It represents our relationship to celebrity and our relationship to ourselves. Yeah. Because there's no fucking reason whatsoever why we should spend so much time talking about what happens in the lives of famous people. Famous people. For more Eating While Broke from iHeartRadio and The Black Effect, visit the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks


It and Business Consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I would be doing with my life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is Possible, find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here and so is the IKEA winter sale. Now's your chance to make the holidays a little more magical and less expensive. Save up to 50% off on select items in store and online. Now through January 7th plus IKEA loyalty members get an extra 10% off on sale items. And if you spend 2 99 or more on a single order before December 10th, enjoy free delivery. Need help managing the clutter of decorations. IKEA storage Solutions will keep your home tidy from toys and tinsel. Having extra guests over check out offers on select dining furniture to make more room for the people who matter most this time of year. Don't wait to finish your winter wishlist. Shop the IKEA winter sale in store or online now until January 7th. Visit ikea usa.com/winter sale for more details. Terms apply offer validates may vary us only while supplies last. Selection may vary by store and online. See store and IKEA usa.com/winter sale For complete terms, restrictions apply.