
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill, try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging.


And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great.


Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join, MID i.com. Run a business and not thinking about podcasting. Think again. More Americans listen to podcasts than ad supported streaming music from Spotify and Pandora. And as the number one podcaster, iHeart's twice as large as the next two combined. Learn how podcasting can help your business. Call 8 4 4 8 4 4 iHeart In a world of economic uncertainty and workplace transformation. Learn to lead by example from visionary C-suite executives like Shannon Skyler of PWC and Will Pearson of iHeart Media. The good teacher explains, the great teacher inspires.


Don't always leave your team to do the work that's been the most important part of how to lead by example. Listen to leading by example, executives making an impact on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Eating While Broke. I'm your host, Colleen Whit. And today we have a very, very special guest. NICK CANNON is in the building. We here. We here.


Blessings and salutations. Yes. And you are very nice enough to let us come to your studio. Yeah, We in my kitchen. Your kitchen. My kitchen is nothing but candy. Yes. It's colorful, colorful junk food. I've hit a couple of the m and ms. Yeah. Rated a couple candies. Try not to break any seals on the candy that hasn't been opened. Emini Here. That's what it's here for though. We always replenishing 'cause people go through this. 'cause obviously we film the Daily Cannon Council culture can class everything here. It's a music studio as well. Started off as a music studio. And if you ever been in long nights in the studio, you always got the munchies and want snacks. So I'm a, I'm a candy crack head, so I got one of these in like every one of my offices in every house I got.


I always gotta have like a candy candy room. I just have one question out of all these candies, this candy, that's the cotton candy hot tamale, The hot tamale cotton candy. Does someone just randomly go places and say, lemme just find the most random candy I could find. 'cause me I do that. Like So you found that candy? Yeah. Yeah. I think that got that in Las Vegas. Did you actually try it? I try. I Always buy one to try and then like one to To post. Yeah. Yeah. To like, I even think, like, I usually keep 'em like stuff from like Japan and Sweden And I think having all type of stuff, like I don know where like Easter bunny warhead and like it's, I'm, I'm, I'm literally about this candy life.


Like anything that's like blue raspberry lemonade, Swedish fish from sweetie. Wow. Like, it's, it's crazy. So I'm just curious, how was the hot candy? Cotton candy? I would rather have them separate. I like cotton candy by itself And I like hot tamales. Like little together. Yeah. Spicy cotton candy. And it says it's got cinnamon in it. It's just, Yeah, it's just Emini here. It's, it's, it's cool. But it wasn't, that's why that's up there. Yeah. I saw it. And so my daughter came in here And I completely forgotten the first thing. She's like, mommy, lemme get this, lemme get that. Lemme get this. I'm like, Oh. Yeah, because what Emini here also, I'm a, I'm a health freak too. So I do recognize all of this is poison.


Okay. This is like, none of this stuff is good for you. Yeah. But you know, there's another section in this place where it's all about health and wellness. And I do understand that life is all about balance. So for me, I know how to have fun. I don't do drugs. I don't drink alcohol. You know? So like if I had to have, you know, one major vice in life, it would most likely be candy and women. That's two, right? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. That's true. And Bo Bo one has me in the dentist a lot. And one has me with a lot of kids. I was gonna say in the hospital with a lot of kids. So now I asked you, take me back to what you were eating when you were broke.


I'm guessing you being broke had to have been in your early teens. Teens. Teens. Yeah. Emini here. I still got a broke mentality though. I'm, I'm one of those people I'll ne you can never take the hood outta me. And that's why I still eat a lot of this stuff to this day. But I know this is, you know, I, I can't cook. So like, it's certain things that, because all my life I've probably been on the grind and working. So I never learned how to cook. That was always my grandmother or my mom. I could make simple stuff like, like Eggs. I could make eggs. Okay. But I, you know, like if I have to, I, I actually love when it goes, comes to my healthy stuff. I eat at at least two to four boiled eggs every day.


Okay. So I know how to do that myself. Okay. The boiled eggs. Yeah. It's just you boil them. It ain't, it just as long as you don't, don't break 'em. Okay. Put 'em in a pot. That's the, the train. Oh, I thought that was a earthquake. Sometimes. Sometimes because there's earthquakes too, sometimes you can't tell the difference. Or was the earthquake or was the train, I'm not even gonna lie. Part of me was like, whoa, that feels a little too real. We're right next to the train track. Okay. But yeah, so I still love this stuff that, that we're gonna do today. I still eat this stuff as snacks. And these technically most of them are like on the healthier side, especially, you know, the ones I I I have with the fruit.


Okay. So, so walk our guests through it. Most of our guests, listen, Listen. Who's when we start, it's a three course meal. So Yes. Okay, Here we go. You know, we got that. We got the appetizer, we got the main course, we got the dessert. Okay, let's start with the appetizer. Okay. So the appetizer to me is this is what, 'cause you gotta try this too, right? The appetizer pro. We're both eating this. Yeah, fine. We wanna take you all my Way. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But this one's probably the only one that you might be like, yo, that's a little bit out there is the sunflower seed. I see. I knew you were gonna say that. Ooh, first Of all, we in the hood, I'm Scared, bro. We all Like sunflower seeds. And this is, I started this before there were flavored sunflower seeds. Yeah. Back in the day you could just get the David sunflower seeds.


They would sell 'em at the ice cream truck. You had a little bag and then a big bag. And we just were want 'em to taste different. And it was at the time where salt and vinegar chips were out. So I was like, yo, why don't they have salt and vinegar, sunflower seeds? So went in my mama's cabinet Oh my goodness. And get some regular, I, I prefer, you know, the, the white vinegar, but you could get the apple cider. I didn't know what I was like, I can, can't even believe this is right one, believe this is gonna be The hinz. Okay. And usually you gotta, maybe you gotta let it sit and marinate for a while. Okay. And I only thing about this 'cause I, if you let it sit and marinate, they get soft.


And so you can kind of like survive. I can honestly say I've never in life ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever did this. So Emini here, it, it is some hood, this some, this might be some San Diego. Like, All right. We used to just literally have vinegar and just like regular sunflower seeds. But I, I would probably let 'em sit and sometimes we would put it right in the bag and just shake it up and it, it'll have your fingers stinking. But it's, it's really delicious. So They're hilarious. So I did peep that about sunflower seeds today. That there were flavors. It was almost impossible to get plain. Really? You had to get the the everything Is Yeah. Like, yeah. Now they done turned up as you see where, right there you got ranch. Right When I walked in, I was like, look at all these sunflower seeds right here.


Yeah. We got little seeds, we still eating it. I eat sunflower seeds like crazy. Like that's my whole vibe. Did you, did you try one right now? I Did. That's why I'm talking roll. It's a little hard. See? Right. Oh wow. It's Cool, right? It's like all day. Perfect little appetizer snack. You know what, the vinegar really works. I can add vinegar. Yeah. I have some Impressively. Good. I'm telling you now, you normally you need a paper towel or something to spit it into, but that's just like one of my favorite hood hood snacks right there to where Thank you. I still to this day, like I'll, no matter all of this stuff, I got, I, I'll make this go watch a movie.


I had to, I feel like your breath will stink after you eat this, huh? Yeah, you Definitely Gotta get you some. Yeah. Okay. But jaw ranches or something. Okay. Shout outs to this appetizer is a win. Yes. Okay. See it. Come On. Rock. And it's very ghetto. It's ghetto. Fabulous. It's good. It's actually impressively good. I would've never thought to do this. Steer you wrong. Okay. All right. So we survived the, so We survived it. The, so well I've survived the salt and vinegar, sunflower seeds. It is good. A plus for appetizer. Yes. What's the main course? All right, now the way we gonna rock the main course, I literally used to eat this for dinner 'cause I was broke. So even, you know, growing up in the projects in the hood, this was like when my grandmother mom was at work or doing something And I had to eat and fend for myself.


This is, this was like my favorite thing. I was, I didn't want to eat all of the other stuff that, you know, was forced upon me. This was like my favorite meal and it was one or two others. I am a theme for hot sauce. I collect them. I got a bunch of different ones. But the, the crystal is, I, as I call it, the crystal is my favorite. So You got, they corrected us here. They were like, Hey, don't put it. 'cause we put another one out and then we was like, you don't have the crystals. It was like, we do. And he was like, only put the crystals for this. Now that's the thing too, like, hold on. 'cause you got there, there's two styles of this. So you could go, I'm, I'm gonna walk over here. You can go Chris style or you can go a little more Spanish and go. I would say you guys probably get a shot of this.


This is literally just a, just a whole thing of hot sauce and Oh my goodness. Oh, they bugging, they ran out. Alright, we go with this one. But I, I Don, it's got like 10 bottles of, of 10, probably 2020. All Hot sauce They ran out top of to, or maybe it's stink here. Dude, you know what I could, I was gonna bring Tapit, but I wasn't too sure if it would count Somebody. It might be upstairs, but anyways, we got the other one. So you could, you could do this, this Louisiana style or you could do the Mexican version. We can do the, we'll use the Valentina on that one.


Okay. So just because I love hot sauce on any and everything. And sometimes all we had was either microwave popcorn and literally we would eat that for dinner. So Eat that for dinner. Yeah, Because Emini here, when you think about it, it'll fill you up and like you can get like a whole box of it for like $5. Yeah. And kids love popcorn. So I didn't know it was, I thought it was a, a treat. I would literally eat a bag of popcorn for, for breakfast. So that, and then once I, once I was a teenager on my own, I, I couldn't cook. So I would just eat pop going for dinner And I would put hot sauce on it. Oh, okay. So we start. So I'm gonna do, I'm gonna flip it.


I'm gonna put the Louisiana, Okay, so this is dinner. You never Had this, the main course you never had. I'm not a hot sauce fan. Oh, okay. I'm really taking one for team today. This is all right. Well, because like, It's born Colleen's palate And poet justice. Janet Jackson did this. She was eating the hot sauce, a popcorn. And I was like, yo, that's why I knew we was kindred spirit. That's why I knew Janet was my type of woman. So we gonna do now you can still, and even I'll put a a little bit on, on the lay potato chips. That's the other thing we had a lot of, but I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you the, the Mexicana vibe. And even if look like this is the hot sauce, if you see the street vendors and they making like, whatever, they'll have like different type of Mexican snacks.


They'll, they use this type or you're like, you put this on tamales and all of that type of stuff. So this the, Oh, this one looks legit hot. Yeah. That, that's the So I want, I'm gonna want you to taste one of both. But you, if you don't like hot sauce, I got my water here. Yeah. I should have had milk or something, right? Yeah. Okay. Emini here. Like, I'm preparing. I'm preparing. Yeah, we should be easy on that. That's Okay. Here we go. Here we go. That's not bad at all. Yeah, I'm a hot sauce lover. I feel like Martin Lawrence. Remember when Martin Lawrence just be like, like, woohoo.


That's not that bad. Now the dark color scares me. Yeah. All right. Just gotta just take, Here we go. Jesus, be with me. Yeah, that's gonna be hot for you. Eat your whole pip Colleen. Nick. You know, that was way too hot. I love it. That's our main course. We went, we went Cajun and Mexican, two of my favorite types of foods. So, but That wasn't even that bad though. Yeah. I survived it. Not that bad. Would never do it again in life. Yeah, but not that bad. All right, so now we trying to, you ready to go to dessert?


Man? I'm looking at this watermelon and you keep looking at lemons. All right. What's dessert? No, I'm, 'cause I'm a the, you gotta try the lemons before the watermelon. Okay. One Because just again, another thing growing up didn't have a lot, but we made do what we had. So paper plate, we grabbed that. We don't have no paper plates here today. Or do we have a paper plate? We, we do. I think we, I think we got paper plates. We still keep a little ghetto. And You had the little ones. Yeah. Yeah. I thought, I thought to do this, but the table was so small. I was like, we gonna try to make it work. This Is what I used to do. I used to take regular sugar, pure cane by the pound CNH back in the day and get a whole plate.


And I wasn't really allowed to do this. My grandmother used to hate when I did it, but to eat fruit and like fruit, you know, when I'm not eating candy and stuff. And it's funny enough, like I'm actually going, I a fast next week. I do it every year at the top of the year. And sometimes I can cut sugar out completely for like six months. I just, I don't set a date or whatever. I know I gotta do at least 30 days. But I just try to do it as long as possible because I love it so much. Yeah. It's all about discipline. So next Sunday is actually when I start my sugar fast. So this is probably gonna be one of my, I'm gonna try and join you on that last delic because I need to, I've been like telling myself I'm gonna cut it, but like the second I'm in a room with it, I'm like, it's poison.


Next week I'm, I'm addicted to it. Like I wanted, like I know I'm an addict like, but all right. So yeah. So when I was a kid I would literally get a paper plate, fill it with sugar. Wasn't supposed to do this. There would always be lemons from a lemon tree or something like that. Cut the lemon in half or you know, now I'm a little bit more sophisticated. Slice it and just, I would literally be sitting watching cartoons and it's natural candy. Like I feel like my daughter would love this. Absolutely love this. It's amazing. It acts like lemonade. I feel like I'm gonna like this If you like sour, it's a vibe.


This is amazing, Right? Did you come up with this one? Emini here it was. As a kid, this is all I used to eat when I was broke. Everyone in life should have one of these. That is amazing. Fire, Right? So right before my sugar fast, Oh my god, I'm a double dip. As You should, normally you would have your own plate so you could triple, quadruple, dip and matter of fact, and then, you know, now that we really sophisticated, Yo, that right there Emini here. Just go ahead and sprinkle it. And That right there, That's the one right? Is the best of the best of the best. That is definitely dessert. Not Only on show, a lot of people don't do desserts, right.


Or Every once in a while we'll get a guest that does a dessert. Yeah. Like they'll do like, you know, DJ charisma. She did like a tortilla. The last one she did like three courses with one tortilla. Oh. And she did a cinnamon sugar. Yeah, because I, I that I was thinking one thing, but I knew you gotta have an oven for that and that oven ain't really working the way I wanted to. But we would take regular wonder bread and put cinnamon sugar and butter. Oh I call it cinnamon nigga crunch. But This right here is my favorite. This may replace my, well I guess this could go on the processed sugar diet 'cause of the sugar, Right? It's better than candy. But you could do honey Maybe. Maybe agave.


Agave. Agave might be fires. But yeah, that's it. Just right here is heaven. If you like Warhead, sour patch, kids, lemon heads, this is the og. This is where all that came from. Okay. You was winning with this. Okay. All right. Number one dish is the lemon. The lemon, the sugar. Yeah. All right. And Now the one that you have to prepare. Prepare the most. And I actually eat this every single day. And when I'm on my sugar fast, I tap into this. I eat a lot of fruit and this becomes my dessert.


I'm the biggest fan of tahe. You can put this on any fruit really from apples, oranges, any fruit, a lot. You see it on a lot of drinks and stuff like that. But I grew up with this Mexican candy out of all candies is my favorite candy. Okay? Grew Up going to the ice cream truck with, you know, penny rolls and trying to get whatever I can from, And I got it in here. It's like a whole Mexican section over. I saw it over here. I was gonna try that one. Suckers Like the time I though, like all of that stuff. So this is really where all of it started. And you can see out here in California the, there's fruit trucks, you know, fruit men or women that literally are pushing fruit and there's all fresh amazing fruit.


They, you can buy mango, you go agave, pineapple and watermelon. But this is something I grew up on And I still eat every single day. And it is literally tahe, which is a little spicy on any fruit. But since we black, we gonna do watermelon today. That's my favorite. Watermelon and mango, no sugar. Okay. Now to this I believe, I don't know which Chao, you can actually get a sugar free chamoy, but as you see it's zero calories. Let's see if this one has sugar in it.


They used to. Sweet. No, yeah, no. Well zero total sugar. Zero. So this is the zero sugar one. Now the thing about this chimo is actually it is, it's a fruit as well. And it's mixed in with normally lemon juice, salt water, and then a bunch of other stuff. A brawl pepper. It's, it's spicy. I love it. But it does have a little sweet texture to it. If you're trying to do no sugar, if you don't care, they have the ones that are like, literally. So This will be, this will be in your diet next week. Yeah, I'll, yeah, I'm, I'll have a sugar free chamoy next week. But sometimes it, I won't even, I'll just do the tahe and the fruit.


'cause this is kind of hard to find. I'm trying to think. See now you got me going back to my close up. Go back to the cabinet. 'cause I think we got like the, ah, yeah. See this is, this is the one right here. Is it the sweet one? This's the sweet one. That's the one I want. Like, 'cause Chamoy has two flavors. It has the really sweet one. And then this is, this one's kind of like a little spicy and hot. So I, let me take this one from you. I'll give you a fresh one. Yeah. Because you know I'm gonna want the sweet. Yeah, this is the sweet one, my bro.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill, try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most. And provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging.


And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. Many clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great.


Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you.


Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.99 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade-in and additional terms apply. I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all. His wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me.


Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're unable to keep track of all your lies and quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So just a little fun fact, I'm from New York and it took me almost to last year to start putting lemon on my mango. So I've been evolving. Yeah. You know, but usually if I see someone on the street selling fruit, it's watermelon and mango. But now I'm like, squeeze the lemon on it. Yeah. But I haven't graduated to ta heen and none of the other stuff yet. So. So here we Go. Yeah. Let me make, let me mix it. The tahin up a little bit. You that, that'll probably be the best one for you to hear. This one right there. Yeah. Yeah. Cheers. Here we go. Bomb. I'm telling good one. Shout out to that one. That one's sweet.


That one's super spicy. Where does it say if it has sugar or not? That one has sugar. Emini here. You could just tell like look at The No, but if I were to go in the store And I try to buy this, how do I know which one buy Like that? Well 'cause this, it's just like the consistency. That one is awesome. Yeah. This one Darker and thicker. Yeah. It's Thicker and literally like a bottle of candy. But this one is kind of more, you know, spicy. Mm. So I always had your special that One. Yeah. And I like, they put it on, they put it in ice cream out here. They put it on like everything. So that is, that's, that's Eating While Broke. This is, so This is the, but I Still eat this stuff every Day.


The drink horse meal. So now that I've gotten to walk in your shoes as a young buck Right. Take me back to what was going on around this time hu Like in your, in your home life Hustling. You were in high school. I grew up, I, I grew up interesting. My, my grand, my parents were teenagers, so I was a latchkey kid. Moved all over the place. 'cause my parents, my, my dad moved away to North Carolina where our family is originally from to go to college and be in the ministry. My mom went to nursing school after she graduated. I went to like my dad's high school graduation. I was around. So we were all kids.


And so my grandparents stepped in and, and helped. So, and you know, I was one of many of my grandmother's children. She was also a foster mom. So it was always a house full of kids in the projects. And this, that's kind of where my, I had to find my own identity being my mom's only child, my dad's oldest child and one of many with my grandmother and kind of like her baby. But there were other younger foster kids. So I kind of had the experience of everything that gave me, I, I know how to be a big brother. I know how to be a little brother. I know how to be a spoil only child, but I know how to be at a house full of 20 kids.


So I got to experience life in such a way. And I think it made me a unique individual. And then by the time I was a teenager, I was kind of living on my own by the time I was like 16, 15, 16. And that's when I moved to Hollywood to kind of hustle and do my thing. I, I've been doing, I've been doing standups since I was like 11, 12. Oh, okay. My dad inspired me to do that when I was living with him out, moved back and forth with my parents all the time. And you know, during the time of probably like around 11, my dad was preaching and doing stuff and he would let me do standup comedy when he was, he had public access shows and was preaching all over the south. And I would go with him, I would help him with all that stuff.


And I, you know, he said I wanted to be a rapper, but he was like, yo, you're funnier than just every kid in the hood wants to be a rapper. You should work on your comedy, work on your hosting and you know, cut today and probably, you know, one of the most popular and biggest television host in the game. Yeah, well you're also the youngest writer in, in broadcast television history. Television history, yeah. And television history. Well that was, that all started from when me and my, my, my dad taught me how to do all of this stuff before, like Emini here, everybody does it now, but back then, like having a camera and interviewing people like that was rare. And I was a kid doing it. So he trained me when I was like 11, 12 to kind of, we had to take workshop courses and things like that to work in public access.


And that's when I learned about script writing and you know, set design and lighting and all of that stuff. At like 11 you would get all these certificates and then that's how you work your hours on Cable Vision in North Carolina. And that's, I always just wanted to be a writer from that point on and wanted to be behind the scenes and produce stuff for others. And I produced my first show. It was called, check this out in 1992 I believe. And we had like 20 episodes or something like that. Public access, North Carolina. And I just, the bug bit me from there, the comedy bug and a TV bug and you know, came back, went to high school out out here in California and literally would drive two and a half hours, catch a ride after school to the comedy store to the improvs.


Wow. At that young age too. Yes. 15, 16 years old. Stand out there and then, you know, they, Was it tough getting into the clubs at that Age? Absolutely. But I was a, it was tough because I wasn't supposed to be there, but it was easy for me 'cause I was the only kid out there. So I was like, I was a novelty. I was thinking like, oh, what's this kid doing? So when I would come on stage, I, I could easily rock. 'cause I was like, it was a, it was a it was a gimmick. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a, oh he is a young phenom and he in, in a club full of a bunch of drunk adults, you know, talking about gas money and detention, you know. Yeah. So it's like, it worked. I stood out from all the other comedians so all the agents and managers would take notice of me 'cause it was this cute little kid on stage telling jokes.


Now what were your grandparents saying at the time and your family saying at the time when you're like getting in the car, driving to Hollywood, shooting your shot? None of 'em liked it. You know what, Emini here. But it, one thing, it actually saved me because at that time, especially like 15, 16 years old, I had started, I had a, there was a huge, you know, influx of gang violence in my community And I was influenced by that pretty big. And that's just where we were. It's where we grew up, you know, Southeast San Diego. And then by the time I was in high school, went to high school in this area called Spring Valley. And just a lot of neighborhoods wasn't getting along. So a lot of my friends was getting murdered, getting shot, you know, we were selling drugs, you know, not nothing crazy big, you know.


Yeah. We was, we were selling weed and stuff like that, you know, a couple of us was selling crack. I, I never sold crack, but my, but you know, my stepdad, my mom's husband was one of the biggest dope dealers in San Diego, so I was always around it. Oh wow. Yeah. So like, as my pops was a preacher and my step pops was a crack dealer. So like, that's why I was like, I'm gonna write instead of Rich Dad poor Dad. I'm, I'm gonna write preacher dad, crack dealer dad. But I, I, I was always around it and Hollywood saved me because literally I remember going to my grandfather one day, I was like, yo, I'm afraid I'm gonna get shot. I'm afraid I'm gonna die. And he was like, we started going to church up here and, and at Crenshaw Christian Center in LA and he gave me this, my, the first book I ever read on my own called name it Claim It by Dr. Frederick Casey Price.


And it was about speaking things into exec speaking things into existence in positive affirmations way back in the nineties. Wow. So, you know, still to this day, I think I have it tatted on me. It's one of my favorite bible verses, I can't pull this all the way up, but it's like tatted right there. It's Mark 1123 to 24, whatever you desire, believe that you receive it and you shall have it when you pray. And I just lived that. And that to me opened the doors for me and got me outta all of wanting to be, you know, a gang banger and kind of straightened my life up. 'cause and that's where my parents was like, all right, if you finish high school, you can go do that because we understand it's safer for you.


Yeah. 'cause at the time, and we couldn't go, I couldn't go anywhere without either. They was, we was getting jumped shot at something like that in our, in our city. So I would leave after school and go to LA And I felt like a kid, you know, I felt like I didn't have to worry about anything because everybody was older than me And I had to look over my shoulders and none of that type of stuff. So it gave me the opportunity to be creative and young and free. And I literally would be, you know, on stage with Jamie Fox and you know, doing everything I could ever imagine. Chris Tucker, Eddie Griffin, you know, Martin Lawrence, all these people, my people I idolize and then I have to drive back and go to school the next day.


I was like, yo, I was, I was about to ask, were you bragging us? Fuck You don't roll this weed up bag, these nickel bags up. And like, but So then your first big break, it's, I'm assuming coming right off the stage, maybe an agent and a manager notice you. Is that when you get your first big official break? Yeah, it is funny. It always happens on my birthday. So I say God's gift to me. My 16th birthday was on stage at the improv and my manager still to my manager to this day. He was there looking at some of his clients. And I had always looked up to Keenan and Kale and Keenan Thompson was there and he had brought his manager and it was kind of cool where he was like, I was just telling him how big a fan I was and he was like, yo, think my manager is checking you out, man.


He, he, I was like, work, like, and you know, literally it was my birth and my birthday was that week. And then on my birthday, somehow the man Michael Goldman got my, got my information and called me and asked me, you know, if he could manage me. And then the next year on my birthday on 17 is when I got my deal with Will Smith and his company from my own TV show and a record deal. So it's cool. Wow. And then what were you going home? Who was The stuff is hot. Yeah, that's 'cause you chose all the hot stuff. You see, I'm not sniffling nothing, guys. I, I probably should stop eating it. So you go home, like who, who is the first person you're calling and telling and what is your family saying?


I'm assuming it's your family, but what, what does everybody say? Nobody believed me. But it was a, because even at the time, like the first job, once they started managing me was behind the scenes. I started being the warmup for Keenan and Kele and all that. And the Amanda show a bunch of shows and even got a chance to do like the warmup for like some of the Olson twin show and some, dang, I remember the Olson twins. Yeah, Like the TGIF nights and sister, sister like, 'cause I was a kid. So the audience would have a lot of young people in it, especially like the Nickelodeon shows. So I would entertain the audience for like four hours while they're filming the show and doing stuff and telling 'em what's going on. So that was my first, so my name would come up, you know, super fast at the end of the show audience warm up NICK CANNON and like my whole family would gather around the TV just to see that.


And I guy would be calling everybody why his name won't come up, you gonna see his name. I was like, so like, that's probably the most excited my family's ever been for me because since then they're like, I don't care. We tired of seeing you on tv. But back then, I remember we would gather around and like white wait to see my name come up at the end of the a show on Nickelodeon. Now, at that time, what was the money looking like? Did you feel like you had arrived, you had made it? Was it enough money to buy every sneak? Nah, so at the time, And I remember I made a a, I'm say a bet ordeal with my mom. 'cause my mom wasn't feeling it. My mom was like, you gotta go to school. My mom wouldn't even tell me stuff.


She's like, you're not even that funny. Like, 'cause she, she wanted me to stick to music and she was, you know, she had seen me grinding and her father was a musician, had left me all of his music equipment before he died. So it was a real connection. My mom just wanted me to be a musician And I was like, I'm gonna be a comedian. And then she was like, you gonna get a job? She made me get a job at like wiener schnitzel. And I was, I fucked that up. I was like cracking jokes I drive Through. I can't imagine you. Yeah. Like, oh, it was horrible. Like I had to go in that freezer, have cleaning the bathrooms. That's what I was like, all right, I quit. But, so my mom was always like, you gotta do something, you can do that on the side.


And she was going through some hardships. She had like three jobs at one time and you could just see the pressure on her. She was just like trying to do it. Like, she eventually became like an, you know, an accountant for like these major companies. But it was hard, you know. And we lost start our house and had to get downsize and get a, an apartment. And it was just me and her. And I told her, I was like, ma, just trust me. Have faith rock with me. And I said, if you go to church with me every Sunday, I'll come back, we can go to church. 'cause she had to, 'cause she was mad at the church from whether like her upbringing and you know, my dad and all, he was so churchy. She was like, forget all of that stuff.


And I was like, yo, you just go to church with me and we gonna have the faith And I guarantee you that in a in a year I'm gonna buy you a house and that shit. And how Old were you at The time? That was, I was 16. And so I remember for the warmup checks I started ma I was making $500 a week. So that was enough to get my gas from San Diego to, to LA and pay my mom's rent. So for that first year I was paying my mom's rent and just, and then, and then having like pocket a couple hundred dollars in pocket at 16 in the nineties I was, I was good. And then I got, like I said, by the time I did your mom, so your mom did take the deal and go to church with you on Sunday?


Yeah, She went and still does. And like she would go to church with me every, every Sunday. And I would drop, it would be me, my mom, and my dad's mom. We would all go to Mount Airy Baptist Church in Southeast San Diego. And it was some of the best times of my life 'cause that was the come up and like literally I was just watching God move and how God worked. And it was just like, just blessing after blessing. Like I said, by the time my what 17th birthday rolled around, I had a deal with Will Smith and the first, my first big check hang on, the first thing I bought and Will told me, don't do it, but I bought a Range Rover 'cause he had one and, and like, 'cause like Keenan had a four runner Kale had an expedition, everybody had these SUVs And I had my mom's old broke down BMWI was like, when I get my check, I'm gonna be riding high just like y'all.


And I bought a Range Rover, totaled that, messed that up. But the next chunk of money that I, I got, I bought my mom a house. Wow. And I was like, I told you, I was like, I told you I added you. And the rest is history. Been buying her houses since then. She's, she's sitting good and behind Gates in some million dollar estate somewhere. So from there you end up, how did you get the youngest writer? Like where, And I Was all so, so in that, so I was the warmup. I would watch, you know, Keenan on doing they thing and Keenan literally became my big brother. You know Carol, they said you used to like sleep on his couches at Some point, right? Yeah, I used to sleep on everybody's couch. I used to sleep on Keenan and Carol's couch, Jamie Fox's couch.


I used to sleep in my car, but Keenan was the one that let me move in. Oh, okay. You know what Emini here, everybody else was just like, yeah, you could have a couch. You know what Emini here? Yeah. Like it was, it was, it was, it wasn't tough times. I was a teenager. Yeah. So like it wasn't like, you know, in no pursuit of happiness shit. Yeah, yeah. Like it was just the, it was the hustle. I loved it. You know, we'd be in the IT comedy clubs till three four in the morning and we go to Jerry's Deli till five. And so I might go close my eyes for an hour or something. I'd be playing basketball at the YMCA by seven eight. So it wasn't like I really, I just, my clothes was in my trunk. You know what Emini here. So I You Graduated high school earlier?


Yeah. Yeah. I graduated high school when I was 16 because that was part of the deal that my mom made with me. She was like, if you finish high school. And I was like, I'm gonna finish early. And I had work experience, a job. I had figured out how to get the stuff that I was doing in LA as work experience. Okay. So I was getting work experience credits and finished all of my courses And I graduated high school a year early. So. Wow. Just 'cause I was like, all right, cool. Then now I can be up there full time and all of these hours during the day where I'm sitting in a class, I can just move to la. So I moved to LA when I was 16. Okay. So your Will Smith situation, there's a pivot in there, obviously what happens like to the next level Emini here. I rode that for a while.


I think what happened with that, I became known in Hollywood as like the next Will Smith or Wills protege. So everybody started taking notice, especially the people at Nickelodeon, which I had already been working with. So they were like, yo, how do we let this kid get away from us? So then that's when they gave me the deal for the NICK CANNON show and youngest executive producer at the time. I think they probably somebody, I think there's definitely I Don Zendaya or even like Marsai Martin or something like that. Took it. 'cause I think they were younger, but at the time I was the youngest. I don't think so. 'cause I Googled it right before you came. And you're still the reigning champion. Oh, All. So Yeah, I tried. I was like, is he still? And it said still, Yeah, 18 or 19 is when I, I was the youngest because I was really my show runner.


Like, and the crazy thing, if you ever watched it at can show, it's funny 'cause now I do the Super Dad content with my kids And I make them watch episodes. The NICK CANNON show with me as a teenager and everything that people go viral for making millions of dollars on YouTube. And I was doing in the nineties. So I was doing the Man on the street bitch. I was pulling up to the zoo or to the mall dressed up in crazy stuff, pulling pranks on people. And it, I, they just gave me a budget and said, go do what you wanna do. And I would be in character. I would be like doing all type of Emini here if you've seen any of this stuff. I, I would dress up like Latonya, like some ghetto girl. I would dress up as Francis some old school bboy.


I had all of these characters And I would just go out in the street as these characters. And then I would go to kids' school and be principal for a day, bring slime to they house. And it was a hit. We did two seasons of it And I probably could have did it for a lot longer. But I just started getting more and more popular on Nickelodeon. And I, cr created a bunch of like interstitial programming where we had like this thing called the SNCC House where it was like a party talk show type of vibe that hosted SNCC Saturday nights on Nick. And we had everybody from like NSYNC to Christina Aguilera and all like, it was just like a dope concept. And then from that I created Nick Records with Jive Records, which is Nickelodeon's record label and you know, so then I was like, oh, I'm onto my music vibe.


And then the movies came. And then the movies. And then the first movie was Men in Black Too Will Put Me In Men In Black Too. Okay. But it was a cameo. But that was my first movie that I ever did. Okay. And then the first movie that I ever starred in obviously was Drumline, Which was like my favorite. Yeah. I think everyone, And I don't know if everyone can agree, but you could watch Drumline a Hundred Times Easy. I love that movie. It's right. Is that weird? Is that crazy? Crazy. Like, you would watch that movie every time. Come on. You would sit down and watch it. I've only seen it once all the way through. I've seen it at least a hundred times. Anytime it comes on TV, I'm gonna watch It. I can't on tv. I see. But I can't sit there and watch myself for like two hours Emini Here. That's gotta weird, Like I'll catch a scene or something like that.


But Drumline was amazing. You're acting in Drumline was Thank you, thank you. Nah, B Amazing. Yeah, No, I had a, I had a good time on that One. Yeah. So when Drumline hits, Yeah, I'm still eating. What is, yeah, go ahead. I see you snacking. I can tell you still eat this. Right? So Drumline hits, it's a hit. Everyone's talking How you feeling? What's your pockets looking like? And at this point are, is your career completely stable? Yeah. And no, I don think your career, my career right now ain't completely stable. I think that's why I hustle so much. 'cause I feel like at some point they can pull the rug from up under me at any time. And I try, I look You feel like you They did, but I've, I tell people this all the time.


'cause I do know you personally. Yes. That I don't know anyone on earth that works harder than Nick. Nick, I've seen you sick, hungry, tired. Yeah. You know, usually in a circumstance where someone could be an absolute asshole and you'd give them a pass and you'll be completely pulled through with no, no attitude, no attitude, no nothing. Yeah. And just back to back three, three cities in a day, probably even more since I've last seen you. Yeah. But I've seen you push the limits like no other. I I think it's just in me. Like when you think I, I think it's such a blessing and and privilege to, to live the life that I live and to wake up in My job is to be creative.


So I gotta get as much of it as I possibly can. And then it's the hustle in me. You know what Emini here from my, my pops, my step pops. Seeing everybody's just like, yo, you gotta make something out of nothing. Yeah. And I do like, it's successful as I've been Emini here. If you think from the beginning of my career to today, I made hundreds of millions of dollars. But I I'm always thinking like, this could be the last check. So I got That's how you move for sure. Yeah. So I'm like, I'm just always trying to get it. I, I hope to one day get to that space where I'm like, all right, I had enough. I'm gonna just, but I'm not there yet. Like I'm, no, you don't even look, I'm trying to figure out what the next play is. I'm jealous of all of the YouTubers. I'm jealous of all the streamers.


I'm like, yo, how they getting? I, I've been doing that. So like, I'm the little richer of this. I'm the architect. But, but I love it though. It, it energizes me and the fact that even now I get to see my kids want to be a part of it and stuff. So I'm, I'm having so much fun in that space. I, We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell, a LL The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope.


We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


These days I can do anything from my phone, book of vacation order, a meal from a five star restaurant, buy and trade stocks. But maybe the most amazing thing I can do is make my dirty laundry disappear and then reappear perfectly washed and folded. I have rinse. To thank for that, I just schedule a pickup in the Rinse app or@rinse.com. A rinse valet comes to get my clothes and before I know it, they're back crisply folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning, which is returned, hanging in a nice rinse garment bag. And with Rinse, my satisfaction is guaranteed. If for any reason I'm not happy, they'll reclean my clothes for free. Best of all, rinse saves me tons of time each week.


That's time I get to do something I love versus something I have to do. So if you wanna save loads of time by not doing loads of laundry, remember there's an app for that rinse. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com. In honor of military appreciation Month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon, we are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans.


Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms Apply. I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline.


He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're unable to keep track of all your lies, and quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of Betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception, lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew.


Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts In the stretch from. And I tried to get, I didn't know if Valerie knew the, your assistant knew the answer to this. 'cause I was like, Nick has had such a long career. I was like, lowkey curious if at any point during this long span of a career, if you actually went broke at any point during The span. Yeah. I, I went broke. I went broke a couple times. I tell you. Tell me them. That's what I'm curious about. Yeah. I went, so after my first deal with Will Smith, it was somewhere like 150 to $200,000. And I told you I bought a Range Rover, bunch of other stuff, attempting to give my mom a house and thinking that they were gonna pick up the show.


I had a six episode commitment produced by Will Smith Emini here. Quincy Jones is at my pilot shoot. Same creators of like the Damon Wayne show. Same creators who created Jamie Fox. I was supposed to come on right after the Jamie Fox show on the wb. So I'm, I'm spending money that I don't even have because I'm thinking, I got six episode commitment. I'm gonna be getting 150 an episode. Yeah. And they didn't pick up the show, so I was, But after they told you they had the commitment? Yeah. Yeah. They, they, the whole network Shifted. Scary. And so me and Keenan, we have got a house in the Hollywood Hills now. Like, he was good, you know, he, he got his money and I'm like, I'm trying to hold my end of the rent.


And I ended up, you know, having to move outta that place, I couldn't pay, pay the rent, lost my Range Rover. Literally started driving my mom's car again. Geez. Had to Get, you know, but she was able to keep the, her housing? You couldn't. I hadn't, I hadn't bought her. I was paying her rent. Okay. Okay. I hadn't Bought her house yet that I was hoping, you know, obviously a hundred, you know, even I bought the range. What, you know, almost 50, $60,000 left. I can't buy a house. No. But I was like, I figure can you get a down payment? Yeah. But again, I'm spending money before I get it. Yeah. I'm thinking, oh, I'm about to be making millions of dollars and Will Smith. Everybody warned me to not do all that stuff and invest wisely. I didn't listen. So I was literally back sleeping on people's couches again.


Driving back and forth to San Diego. Went from a Range Rover to a cougar. Like literally. So that's your first time. Was there another time after that? Yeah, because I even, I had, there was some lawsuits in there too, that people, because they thought I was blowing up, wanted to sue me and all that stuff. So lawsuits will always make you go broke. And then I think I've actually personally witnessed you go through a lawsuit. Yeah. Lawsuits Is crazy. 'cause you gotta, they're suing you for a certain amount of money. And then to help you not lose that case, you gotta pay lawyers probably the same amount of money. You get sued for Jesus. So, and then at some point you realize like, all right, well I'd rather just settle. Yeah. So I can stop paying you. And hopefully we get to a number that's not as astronomical as they're asking for, but like, something I can afford.


So every time, like lawsuits, whether they're legitimate or not, can make a person go broke. Just 'cause you, you go broke trying to defend yourself, even if you're in the right. Wow. So I'm trying to think of next time, because I, I learned great lessons that first time. I was gonna say, you're very lucky you learned it on that, on that first. Go around It get, it gets scary every once in a while. People mismanaging your money. But like I said, I was a hustler, so it gets scary. But I never went broke to tighten my belt up a couple of times. And, you know, divorce is never fun. You know what, Emini here, because that's the whole time and the same thing. You're dealing with the legal system and you know, even living at the high level of life that, you know, I was living with my ex-wife and then not being able to continue that lifestyle because my finances is tied up in so many other things.


That was a little scary. I ain't go broke. But that actually created a lot of stability for me after my, after my marriage. 'cause then that was like the fir that was probably No, no. 'cause I, I did buy, like I said, I bought a house. I did buy myself a house and lost that house that in like 99. Okay. Between 90, before, between 99 up until Drumline was a very shaky time for me. Wow. So I lost the house that I, I bought. But then once Drumline came and everything started coming after that, I start getting back to the bag and it was being pretty. So you were still pretty young when all that was going on? Yeah, So early twenties, I, I was all right.


Like I said, the next time that it got scary for me and, but I ended up purchasing my own home and stuff like that was after marriage. And you know, being in my thirties at that time, it was like, all right, now I gotta figure this out. I got kids, I gotta move differently. So, and then since then, Emini here. Now, now my fear is I got so many kids, I wanna make sure that they can actually be good for the rest of their lives. You know, most people gotta worry about two or three kids. I gotta worry about 12. So do you, I wanna make sure that, you know, is because, you know, life is challenging. So I wanna make sure at least they don't have to worry about anything financially for the rest of their lives. I like that. 'cause whenever I see like a billionaire and they're like, I'm gonna make sure my kid suffers, I'm gonna give all my money to all the nonprofits.


Yeah. That's crazy. I, I'm like, worked. That's hard to give it all the way to the nonprofits. Yeah. I wanna do what, what Quincy Jones did. He has always been one of my mentors. And I don't know the exact amount, but obviously my mayor was almost a billionaire and he gave all his money to, I think he had about 10 kids. And he, so everybody, everybody's sitting good. Yeah. I think that's honestly it. Yeah. Why, why effort And let them figure it out. You know what Emini here, but like, you know, I'm a big advocate for philanthropy And I do a lot of charitable efforts, but you know, it's about lineage. Yeah. Not legacy. Lot of people use the word legacy. Legacy is tapped into ego and narcissism. But lineage is something that is, this is your family, you know, and you wanna make sure. And that's, that's my goal to me.


Like having so many children, I, the, the goal is to be able to provide for them in a way, whatever they want to do in life. The sky's the limit. Yeah. You know, if you wanna be a doctor, I can help you get to the best medical school. If you want to be an athlete, I could get you to the best trainers. If you wanna be a chef, I could get you to the best culinary school. And it's not about a financial thing, it's about me supporting your dream. So I'm literally focused on my kids and the fact that I have the means and the, you know, wherewithal, the big sure at I could put them in positions to then have the best education in whatever it is that they want to pursue. They can have the best health, they can have the best chance at life. Let's do it. And that's why I worked so hard.


I worked so hard so that my kids can have the best so that their life isn't as different. I Like that. So I knew you Preki. I met you when I was 21. I think you were 25. And I was so impressed with all that you were doing. Not only you were working with the youth. I was working with the youth and you And you had your own company. Yes. She had her own, she was a journalist and had her own magazine. Yes. And I thought that was so cool. So much so that I was like, I gotta be a part of this. Yes. But you, it was funny 'cause we're like so close in age. I'm literally four years younger than you. So you had just gotten your deal with Wallen out. Yeah. I think you were in season one or season two when you And I actually ended up working together. Yeah. Downtown, right?


Yeah. You were in we were in the office in Yeah, you were in LA Center Studios. Yep. And you were cool. You were really nice to the kids. They were nervous as hell. And Nick, you know, It was such an amazing concept. She created a, a magazine for students by students. So it was like the, whoa, see it was such a brilliant idea. Lit things up. They, it was amazing. It's like a newspaper, a school newspaper on steroids. Like, and you had all of the celebrities on the cover. So it was like literally for publicists it was a good look to have. Yeah. Your, your kid or your client on Celebrity High.


And I just wanted to kind of amplify it, whatever I could do to turn it up. But it was, you did a brilliant concept. You did. But now take me back to your original pitch of Wilding Out. 'cause that to me was like your second go round, at least from afar, right? Yeah. Your second real big go round. Just doing all you at This point, nobody believed in wilding out at the beginning because everybody wanted me to focus on being a movie star, which is a great idea. You know what Emini here like and at the top back then, they only wanted you to be one thing. And that was why I looked up to Will Smith so much. 'cause he did it all. But they were like, it's only one him. You can't, you need, yeah, let's go become a movie star and then you can focus on music and tv.


And I had been doing a bunch of stuff with MTV, like the guest hosting on TRL and their different game shows and they love me. So they gave me a deal and they were like, that's when Ashton was doing punk. And I was like, oh, you wanna do a show like this? I was like, nah, not really. I wanna do a show with my friends. You know, and like mixing hip hop and comedy and improv. Yeah. And talking shit. And they were like, we don't understand what you're saying. We should do like a game show. And I punked And I was like, nah, I'm telling you this is it. So I took my own money And I rented out a comedy club on Pico, called the Comedy Union and got my friends together, you know, that was hustling and trying to figure it out. People that was trying to make a name for themselves, like Kevin Hart, you know, Kat Williams and a bunch of people that nobody knew at the time.


Nobody Knew Kat Williams was called Cat in the Hat back then. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, everybody came. And Chris Spencer, who's like one of the dopest writers and producers and directors in the game right now, he, he helped and we just got a bunch of people together and said, yo, we just gonna do, And I was inspired by stuff that had come before me, like Death Comedy Jam. Yeah. Uptown Comedy Club. Whose line is it? Anyway? And I was like, yo, our generation needs something like that. And that's what we created right outta that. But you were the one financing it financed it all now. And How risky. So then once I showed, yeah. Once I showed em what I shot, they were like, we love it. And I was like, good. 'cause I own it.


And they, they had to pay like they way, you know what Emini here. Yeah. We, we did a great deal. And still to this day, My, and now when you first did your deal, was it like a licensing partnering deal? It was Emini here. I'm gonna be honest, back then I didn't even understand it. But the fact that I owned out, I owned the Wild and Out name 100%. Okay. And so eventually later on, once it became even more successful, they came back to me and was like, yo, we, we, we need a piece of that. The shareholders, see we winning. So, you know, how can we write you a very large check so that we can officially be partners? So it can be part of, you know, the, the Paramount system. So of course I oblige, you know, every, everything got a price tag. Everything has a price tag. But I'll never relinquish ownership.


And that's great. So now around this period, you're doing really well. You're doing extremely well with While and Out. You're well known. You're helping me out by the way, I can't even tell you. I'll, I'll just a short, quick story. I couldn't afford the rent on my office. Yeah. And I remember telling Nile like, oh yeah. And Nile, I can't even pay the phone bill on this office anymore. And I, I can't even afford the rent. And I was like, ask Nick if you can move in. Yeah. And what you don't know is Doreen or someone n had someone had said, you can move in. And so whenever Nick would pull up to the studio, I didn't know if Nick knew I had moved in. So like you would come in And I like hide somewhere in the corner.


And I think one day you were like, what's up? And I was just like, I don't know if he knows that I work outta it. Yeah, no, I was, it was all good. But I remember you stopped me like, well, you don't, you don't say hi. I was like, I'm not really here. You thought you were squatting. That's hilarious. But Nah, I was definitely a big supporter in a fan of, of your whole movement. But during that ride we get through a little bit of turbulence. So you we we have successful while out. Yeah. You have a GT. Yeah. Which is paying you a crazy amount. Yeah, yeah. I knew they were paying you an insane amount. 'cause you always had dressers And I people coming in or whatever. That's The number one show on television. Yes.


And then you released your comedy special. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I had, And I had three comedy specials. But the, the last one is the one that pissed them off. Yes. Yes. And the last one pissed them off. Yeah. The water gets choppy. Yeah. I wanna know the feelings, the vibes, the everything. I Was confident Emini here I was. That's one thing I'm overly confident I'm to, since the, you know, I've been labeled a narcissist of how much I believe and love myself. So I, I told him they take they job and stick it where they need to stick it. Now I know Goldman. Yeah. Yeah. He Didn't, none of my team, my managers, they thought I was crazy. They thought I was having a mental breakdown.


They thought I shouldn't, you know, I should. People literally from Howard Stern CEOs of big giant companies, like man opportunities like this don't come around. You're one of the top host in television. You're gonna ruin everything. And just over just your a joke and your freedom of speech. I was like, yeah. And I learned from, you know, big bros and examples like Dave Chappelle and people I've watched personally go through stuff. I'm like, this is my opportunity to stand firm in my beliefs. And I quit a GT Now a GT at the time. Was it paying you more than while out at the time? Yeah. At that time, Emini here there's network television.


I'm still, but even then, I was one of the highest paid television host. You were. But now I remember watching you go through that thinking. I never really get along with Goldman by the way we made up by the way. Oh nice. Just so you know, we're friends now. That's good. Or we're buddies. But I remember thinking like, Goldman's gonna have like a stroke watching this deal. Right. This whole situation. Had he gonna turn down crazy amount of money or whatever on some, I'm gonna believe in myself and freedom of speech. And I remember thinking, oh, okay, we gonna see, you know, anyway, It was so much in into that because it was like me being a black man in Hollywood, me being young in Hollywood, me, like, so it was a lot of things.


So I ended up like parting ways with a lot of people firing individuals. 'cause I felt like they didn't believe in me because everybody was thinking like, you, you're lucky. You should, you should be grateful that you have this job. There's, you know, we normally don't let guys like you in here. And I'm like, fuck you. Like that's like, I, I got offended by people. Really? They was just probably looking out for me. Yeah. But they were like, yo, you're, you're gonna ruin your career. When I was like, well I'll show you. This job doesn't make me, I'm gonna go make a, a bigger and better show. Yeah. Now working And I did working with you personally, I think I saw a lot of that behind the scenes. Yeah.


But, but what I also was able to see was your elev elevator pitch game was remarkable. I always tell people like, when you see a deal, Nick did it from the beginning, the middle, and the end. And He came up with it and he sold it himself. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard stories about you writing movies, pitching it, and getting a deal, and then going home to write the movies, to write the script after you sold it. I've done that a bunch of times. Like I got the script, I'm just working on it. It'll be, I have to even next week. And now with chat GPT you can actually really do that. Back then I was literally right up all night writing scripts at something I had already sold. Dude, I've been, I talked to your dad.


We're both heavily into AI and chat. GPT I've been joking chat. GPT is like the word level of where AI is Now. There's other platforms that will like that do this, annihilate it. Yeah. They literally like you down, put your brain and you say, write the script from this perspective and these interviews and done It Is done. It's crazy. What's your favorite AI program Right now? It's Ra Now. When I first got Sentra, it, it, It was too complex. Yeah. Your dad was the one that showed me a couple notes from it And I was like, yeah. But now I kind of understand the concept. Yeah. There's n video that I did a little video n video was good, but I wanna do a whole compilation of what, based on what? Like I have a password sheet Oh, okay.


That I gave to like my family friends. And it says like, this is what this app is specifically good for. Right. Right. And so if you use all of 'em together Yeah. It's heaven. Yeah. Like, I don't wanna be graphic, but like, I would have, I would have sex with ai. I'm so obsessed with, I'm So obsessed with ai. I think that's good. They're, they're, they're making that possible very soon. Like I'm Just saying like I'm that into it. Like That's all I talk about. So, but I wanna take it back to this era because there's a couple scary patches where I, I feel like in my spirit I was like, praying for you. I appreciate there was one part where I even sent you an email And I looked in my emails And I read that email back And I was like, did I see that? I was probably so, so I was one, there was so much stuff that I seen that I might've like, especially 'cause the Out.


No, you responded. You responded and you were very nice And I was like, what I was, but, But there was a lot of love out there. And I appreciated when people, when people saw that I was going through stuff. 'cause sometimes I was going through stuff health wise and then sometimes I was going through stuff business wise, but like, it's all eyes on me. So it's like maged from the media. There are people, they just be in my business, but people know like, oh shit, he going through something right now. Yeah. Yeah. And it's hard 'cause you, you, you embody strength. Yeah. So during this period, you say goodbye to a GT. Now this is the remarkable comeback that I loved. You end up on mask, masking masked singer. Yeah. Which ends up being number one again, Bigger than a GT, bigger Than a GT.


Again, like, So we, everything they said I couldn't do. You got it. Was that moment like a ugh. Absolutely Emini here. That was the, the plan. I was like, and again, because a GT was on Fox. My bad A GT was on NBC and Mass Singer's on Fox. So I literally was the competition and went and just, you know, Showed 'em, showed 'em what they, where they messed up. Yeah, exactly. And it was like, you know, people like who that's never been done before to where somebody literally tell somebody to go stick it where the sun don't shine and then you think they could cancel you or you know, get rid of you and go across the street and make an even bigger show.


Yeah. Well you showed 'em my bro. What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes in a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging.


And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great.


Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you.


Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto paid plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply. I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all his wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me.


Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're unable to keep track of all your lies. And quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But now the ultimate Life Check happens, which is when I think it was like right before the pandemic or going into it, Right? It was in the middle pandemic. It was the middle of pandemic. Oh, The life check. But it, I felt like it was a Chin check from, It was a chin check from The outside looking in. People was worried And I was worried. That was when I Sent my little vulgar email of, yeah, I'm Jewish in Jamaican so I'm gonna say this right. I'm gonna say this delicately, but I feel like my little brother, you know, Eagle. Yeah. Well we get a little pass because we're, we're we are Jewish. Yeah. Yeah. I don wanna say this, but you got chin checked by the juice kind. Well, they, how do you wanna word it?


Delicate. I feel Like Emini here. I don't have to be delicate. 'cause like I feel it was such a growing experience for me that I learned that even if you're not intentionally trying to hurt someone or a community, when you have a a powerful voice, people can get scared of it if it's not having, if it's not shedding a light, a positive light. And I always wanted to be responsible. And Minister Farrakhan was one of the people that actually shared this with me. He was like, if you don't speak truth, you don't really have power. You don't wanna speak anything.


That's not the truth. So if there's something that you have said that isn't the truth and someone can challenge you and say, this isn't true, then now I'll never have to say that again. But if it's the truth stand firm on it. And that was the lesson that I learned. That was what I was attempting to project. But it was so much going on that it felt like, ooh, he apologized or ooh, he, he not going like it became about what everyone else thought opposed to what the actual lesson was. And that's even why out of that process, I created a platform called Not cancel culture, but cancel culture. Because that's what we all should be seeking wise counsel to where we're, we're all held accountable for the things that we do and say.


But it has to be displayed in a way that where you can look to others, to other communities to attempt to understand one another and get to the truth. That's why when you look at situations like apartheid, they had truth in reconciliation. That was a thing where once we get the truth, then now we can reconcile. Or even in a Jewish community as well as in our community, there is a process of atonement in repentance to where there's steps to it. But the first step is acknowledging and saying, look, we have an issue. And then apologizing to where you are wrong. And then taking that accountability after that apology, and then now offering up what the two of you can do together.


And that's really how, that's the process of atonement. And I got a chance to do that live and living color in front of The World. Yeah, you did. And it made, I made, I made more money that year than I had ever made before. In 2020. I made more relationships and friendships with, you know, now you know, myself and the CEO of the a DL shout out to my man Jonathan. Like, we literally are not only great friends, but we have a podcast together. We get to talk in real time about things that are going on in The World, you know, from our various communities. And it's, it's a beautiful thing. You know what Emini here, our our kids hang out together and you know, it, it, and, but it was a learning process for me.


But at no point was I ever scared or felt threatened. I was more than anything, I was just like, I wanted to represent who I was and who I, my character because I felt like people were assassinating my character in so many ways. And I feel like that's what's going on in The World right now with so many figures that, you know, in, in the sixties and civil rights and before all the way Jim Crow to slavery, it was a regular thing for us to be assassinated in public. Now instead of physical assassinations, it's character assassinations and they wanna show that they can get rid of you or assassinate you tarnish your name, all that you've built to show like, hey, know your place.


And they tried to assassinate my character and they couldn't do it. Yeah, I didn't, at the time I didn't see anything that you had said that was bad. So maybe, maybe I have, It's the media. I Had to go back and maybe double check, but I didn't see anything. It's the medias from the per perspective. Like we, you didn't see anything because you know me and you know how it is, but there were definitely things out there that they could take an interview, cut it one way, put it into perspective. And that's what I said the media is. So that's kind of what they ran off of. Yeah. It's manipulated entertainment to design or design to influence all. And that's what it does. So if one group wants to say, you know, you're antisemite, they can take this conversation and say, see, you know, or, but if somebody wants to say, you know, that I'm racist towards this group or that I'm this, like, you can take any interview, any soundbite, especially today and manipulate it in a way for it to say whatever you want it to say and have that perspective.


So we gotta be responsible for what we say. We gotta stand firm on the truths that we know. But then at the same time, if someone is offended, if you've hurt somebody, I do this for my kids all the time. I said one of the greatest lessons through this process literally saw my kids outside throwing rocks and somebody got hit with a rock and then my kids were pleading with me like, dad, I didn't mean to hit them with the rock. I was like, but you still hit someone with a rock. You have to apologize. Like even if y know you didn't mean to do it, but the right thing to do is you hurt someone and then we'll get to why you were throwing rocks later. And whether you mean it or what, let's figure out, let's do something different than throwing rocks or throw 'em in a direction where no one can get hit.


But the first thing you must do is apologize. And through that, as a father, that's the lesson that I had to step back and say, you know what? I have no problem, apologize. I'm man enough and humble enough to apologize to anybody that I've hurt or offended. And you know, that, that allowed me to grow so much because I was that guy who I ain't saying, sorry, no, I stand for this and this and this and ain't nobody gonna make me do nothing, but I'm my characters. I I never wanna hurt anybody. I don always wanna be a light. I always want to be on the highest frequency. I always want to be somebody that, you know, can bring people closer together and build platforms and give opportunities. And you know, I think people see that from my character. So I'm ne I'm never gonna do everything perfect or the right way, but I'm always gonna have the right intentions.


And I, integrity is super important to me Now. But at the time, with the whole situation with wild and out, there had to have been some inner, inner battles because you had so many people on payroll. Yeah. It affected a lot of people. I, I went through so many ups and downs. I went like, fuck this, I'm walking away. I don't want none of this. Like, I'm done. Y'all can have it to like, wait, no that's mine. Gimme that I'm on. Like I'll do it on my own. Nowhere. Like, like it was, it was so much going on. But like I was always thinking about, you know, how many, you know Yeah, You have a lot of people Yeah. Household and you know, people, they were scared. Yeah. So I was never worried obviously, but I was like, man, I don't want this thing to go away.


So, you know, the hundreds of people that eat off of this no longer get to. So again, it was a humbling process. I say it was a character Kaleidoscope Emini here I was able to see everyone's true colors in real time. And some people rocked with me, some people didn't. Some relationships are stronger because of it. Some are non-existent because of it. Well now we take you to now where I turn on, well I wanna say turn on, I go on social media. You're all over social media. But one of the things now that I'm all the way caught up is I see you do council culture. I see you do class canon's class. Canon's class. Yeah. But I, the thing that makes me kind ooh. Is, And I don't know how you do it.


'cause I get defensive if someone like says something. I'm one of those people that get defensive. I'm working on it. I'm just like knee deep and still working on it. Yeah. But sometimes people will say stuff to you at least in clips from what I've seen. And I'm like, oh, he, oh Counts the culture. He is hanging this very, very well. Like, I, I don't even know why he opens himself up to this. I Just, I think first of all, 'cause council culture, 'cause I, I'm in therapy constantly. I go to therapy a few times a week. A lot of times I have personal relationships with the therapists that are on that show. And if anyone's ever been in therapy, you're supposed to be open, honest, and vulnerable to a point where even if you're completely wrong, like even with my, you know, narcissistic personality, diagnosis, whether I believe it or not, if, if this is what a doctor said I have, I have no problem talking about it with a doctor and, and expressing and you know, I've had many, like, some doctors say, well I don't believe that.


I think you're just this, this and this. Or like, oh, I think, you know, you have it, but so does the majority of the people in your industry. They just don't never been diagnosed or don't talk about it. And like, so the fact that I'm living my life openly for others to embrace 'cause it is all about community and counsel and you know, culture just means it's where we cultivate, it's where we grow. So I'm sacrificing my, you Definitely sacrifice out there. I Sit, I sit there because I say things And I feel ways that there's a lot of other men that are out there. Men don't have a space to actually be vulnerable and ask tough questions and, and literally challenge themselves. And I, I live my life out in public anyway.


People have so many opinions about me anyway. So if anything, one thing you say, I'm not hiding nothing. I'm not lying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, you see the work happening in real time and the goal is to just be, you know, the the best human being or the best spirit having a human experience. I as I can. Well I do, I will commend you on the, like owning, being a narcissist. 'cause usually if you ever break up with someone, the first thing they gonna say is you was a narcissist. There. You, I think everybody has a level of it. And then when you get the test, it takes hours to do and it's over days and all that stuff. But you realize there's a spectrum like within anything. And there's certain things that, you know, when you think about it, obviously, like, you know, I'm not a Donald Trump level narcissist.


Like there's, there's, there's a, I don't want to put my name on every building And I don't have rage and you know, I'm not empathetic to, you know, whole commun or non-empathetic to whole communities. But there's things that when you want to be the best, when you think you're the best, when you believe in yourself, when you believe you have the ability to do something that no one else says, and especially in business that's great in a personal relationship as a father, that's not good. And so even as a father, I've, I've saying, all right, well I'm learning what, how, how to get rid of some of those narcissistic tendencies when parenting. Because a lot of people like, I'll, I'll give you an example. Something that a lot of a, a narcissistic thing that a lot of parents do that they don't know that they do, that I've learned is that you, you think your children are an extension of you.


That's a narcissistic trait that like I made you, you gotta do what I, and if you don't agree or do what I said or what I taught you, I'm disowning you or I'm upset with you. That's a, that's what a narcissist does. And you think that's good parenting. Yeah, but no, your, your children aren't an extension. You're actually an extension of your children if you look at it the, the way. And they're their own individual. So that's why I stopped using terms like legacy, because a legacy is something that you do and build. Your children are your lineage and they go and do whatever. But you, you didn't, oh, I'm, I'm making a legacy. Like no, my legacy shouldn't be my children.


Like we are blessed to take stewardship over for probably only 18 years of an independent spirit that will go on and be whoever they are, that they're not yours in that sense. Yeah. You, you are here to train them and operate, you know, a safe space and provide for them for God, but they're not yours in that sense of that they have to do everything you say. Now, obviously discipline and all that stuff, you wanna keep them safe. But if your child wants to be this or identifies as this or grows up to have this career, that's what they're supposed to do. But I, and I'm learning this in real time now, where as much as I want my son to be this, I want my daughter to do this, I just gotta love them re regardless of, you know what, I can't project my beliefs onto them.


And the only thing I can do is be the best example that I can be be, and hopefully they want to be like me, but I can't force them to be an extension of me. So that's, that's stuff, that's stuff I learned in therapy. I might take some parenting tips Because you think you're supposed to be like, oh no, I'm, I'm gonna make sure that you do this and I'm gonna give you this and you better do this. 'cause I said, so like, I just be like, I want you to be a, I say this, but I get corrected a lot. But I'll be like, I want her to be the best version of me or like, stronger than me, better than me. Like that's 10 times better than who I was or could be. And that's, that's You'll be because you're, you're get, but when you start, when you start saying, when you start projecting your trauma onto your child, then that's when, now, now that feels like pressure.


You know what Emini here opposed to like, you don't have to be anything like me. You, I just want you to be the best version of yourself. Yeah. And that's, you know, but you know, we are not preaching. We, we we Eating While Broke. And, and then what made you end up going to get, start getting counseling Emini here? It started in the church. Emini here. We always look to the pastor, different elements of Christianity to, you know, you seek wise counsel and whether it's relationships, I'd probably say started with relationships. Then I started working in the prison systems, you know, where you do group therapy And I watched a lot of psychologists and professors and stuff come in And I watched group therapy and that's kind of how like AA meetings And I was like, I found myself, I was working as a philanthropic process And I was getting more out of it than, you know, some of the men and women that were incarcerated.


I was like, wow, this talking things out and sharing like this works. And so seeing all of that, you know, started doing personal therapy every week. And like I said, I've been in couples therapy many times from past relationships And I just grew to love it. Grew to love, like being open, being honest, and just hopefully being a beacon and a conduit for mental wellness. And because it's needed right now more than ever. So, you know, shout out to all the other individuals who, who see it as well. You know, there's a lot of entertainers that, and artists that are moving into that space of mental wellness. And it just, it, before this though, it really wasn't something specifically black men spoke about or even knew about.


So the fact that now we can have platforms, we can do it openly. Emini here, you see it all, all across line. Every podcast. I see it a lot now. I see rappers just rapping about being a man and relationships. I'm like, dang we that isn't that hard as a man. Yeah. We feel too. I see, I literally was scrolling like three in the morning the other day. I saw some rapper and all his songs was like, about like, I guess feelings. And I was just like, yeah, you guys have a lot of feelings, a lot of frustration. But I tell you what to do with it now too. Because before we didn't, we, we bottled it up and then it turned into other things that weren't so healthy. But now, you know, it's like, you know, I'd rather, I'd rather meditate than meditate.


You know What, Emini here And I see you doing that a lot. Meditation and all that. Yeah. I've always done it, but it's like now. But you be doing it on the camera. Yeah. You know, I got, I got that's that's really, that's like a minute, two minutes. Like usually I do like 20, 20 minutes a day. I thought you had a DD or a H adhd. I do. That's why that helped me fight it. You know what Emini Here, I, I tried it. I can't get my mind to sit still. You're not supposed to sit still. That's, that's a, a myth. A you supposed to oh, clear your mind. No, you allow everything to flow. You just gotta be still, it's about being still and breathing and then you focus on your breath and then you start, you literally get a euphoric sensation like, like the endorphins and dopamine is released and you're like, whoa, I I get it now.


And that, that probably happens around like minute eight or nine. But it's just, just focusing on breathing and sit still. Let every thought happen. Don't try to control your thoughts because that's not meditating. Okay. You let them thought and they just, but what will happen is your thoughts will just slow down. You just focus on breathing or they tell you, you get a, you get a mantra. So some people say, oh, or you pick a word, you, you wanna focus on money. It's like money. You say money for eight minutes straight money gonna happen. Like, but it's, it's as simple as that. Like it's not, it is not as d it's really like, especially because I have a DHD because I'm always going like, I value quiet time, I value stillness And I, I tend to meditate like four in the morning where everything else is quiet.


Sometimes I fall asleep. What Emini here? But as long as I can get 15, 20 Minutes and you get up out of bed and sit on your own, you Got to that. If you stay in bed, you're gonna go back to sleep. Okay. So you gotta, but you find a space, you, the sun's out. If it's like get you a little area, okay. And put, put your little music on and vibes and, and just sit and breathe and talk to God. Yeah. Well I, I appreciate your time. I did walk around your office. I was looking for like chairs and tables trying to, trying to invade, figure out how to do this kitchen. Exactly. But you look far from Organized. No, You look, You look like It's crazy. Your, your brain is this studio, there's is literally so much going on everywhere.


I secretly hoping that you will allow us to do like a little tour following you around. If you don't, that's cool. But when I look at this, this is how my Brain, I really believe your brain operates. He's got the daily canon show. He is got class, the council, the kids' room. Yeah. I got a nursery upstairs. My Did you go in my office? That's crazy. I I couldn't find your office. I don it's next to the nursery. It's where is it? It looked like a junk room right now. Oh, it was like a bunch of junk donuts. Your office Right next to the, it is just a, I thought it was the one in the corner with the little teddy bears. One in the corner With Teddy. It's like the little porcelain teddy bear things. Oh yeah. That is my office. That's the like wait, yeah, that's Emini.


Here, here. It's a bunch of junk in you talking about the bare bricks. Ah. And like there's one, there's, There was one next to the kids' room. It looked dark and like shadowy in there. I was like, I'm staying away from that room. Yeah, I think that was the one. But Emini here again, it's all over the place, the NCE room. But it's very nostalgic here. I'm surprised that you're able to meditate. Just walking a minute in this Studio. I normally don't meditate here though. I normally, I like to meditate outside. That one keeps me from falling asleep. Yeah. And I like, you know, if the sun's coming up or something like that. I love your gym. Yeah, That's, that gym is phenomenal And that goes outside. I like working out outside too, so, So thank you so much for your time. No Doubt. I gotta go pick up my kids. I school Your kids are back in school Already?


This was the first week. Got, I showed up today with my kid And I was like on the phone And I was like, where are the parents? Well the pre preschools started back, I think the older kids start back. I'm in preschool. Oh. I showed up and they was empty. Gates was drawn And I was like, and this said I guess till the sixth And I thought today's The sixth. That's what I thought. Yeah. And no, apparently when they say till the sixth, it means sixth Is off. The seventh is the first day. And I showed up 10 And I was like, well I hope Nick don't mind. He got 12 kids. He, there's A nursery up there. Absolutely. Thank you so much Nick. I appreciate you no doubt telling this. No, This is amazing. Thank You. Good To see you. Good to catch up. Great conversation, great interview. Yes. And now whenever you have a kids' party.


Oh please put I didn't even, Did you even know I had a kid? No, I did not know. Yeah, so now absolutely It's on the list. You just missed my Feed Lit. You literally just missed, I've had like what, five parties in the last month So, or two months. Every, every time Zaria go, I show her like if they're singing Happy birthday she'll be like, mommy, I wanna go there now. I'm like Zaria, it's three in the morning and two, what do you talk about? It already happened. Definitely. So, nah, I think I got, one of my kids' birthday is in February. He is a little older and then the twins, theirs is in April. But then after that, all the young kids from summer all the way to the end of the year party. Party party. That's awesome. And then can you just quickly before we close out Yeah. Run down a list of everything you have going on.


'cause there's a lot. Yeah. So much. I don't even know where to go, but it's like we'd be here for another hour. You got the Canon show? Yeah, We got the Daily Canon show every day. That's a show as well as a radio show. Nationwide. Syndicated all of that good stuff. Catch me in multiple cities or just watch it on YouTube or anywhere online. We live stream. So that's like, that's a platform. So many other influencers and creators that are a part of that. I'm excited. My super dad stuff. I do a bunch of content with my kids. That's probably what I'm most excited about 'cause I have so much fun doing that. And movies. We still doing those. We got couple coming out this year.


Probably filming some this year as well. We got we playing Spades. I like that. I really like that. Thank you. Thank you. We have so be, I don't know how to play spades, But Yeah. Yeah, that's fun. We got obviously wilding out. 20 year anniversary is 2025, so you'll see more of that. More episodes coming up. Tour more. We got the wilding out crews starting, so that'll be fun. And then some more spinoffs and offshoots of wilding out from the talent there. Are you gonna do a comedy? Anything in comedy? Yeah. Like a special or, Well, you know, I've done a bunch of specials already. Yeah. But now I'm gonna be producing, so we're building a whole new standup platform. Oh.


So that, that'll be coming up, man. So much stuff. Canon class Council culture kicks and chicks. Trying to think. All of the pod, those are all podcasts. Council culture is also a television show, a panel, a men's panel show. And we're doing council culture con. So, and we're gonna be doing like mental wellness retreats and stuff for men. Wow. Is that gonna be a nonprofit or is it like It's kind of, it's both. Okay. You know what Emini here, but it's like, I'm just, I'm, I'm learning and watching guys. I look up to like Gary V you know, different individuals that you know, all like the Ted Talk community and just really just focusing on mental wellness with that platform.


Incredible. The label, the consumer products aspect of The World. We have a bunch of incredible products. Man. Too much. Too much. Yeah. So just na singer. Like all, like all of the stuff that you guys see me on. Thank you. No doubt. Thank you everyone. You can Google. Nick, follow him anywhere. It's NICK CANNON. Yes. He doesn't really need a whole explanation except He Big Ghost. He turned the lights off. Okay. But thank you guys for tuning in. Peace out. We out For more Eating While Broke from iHeartRadio and The Black Effect. Visit the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful.


My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids by childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans.


Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply In a world of economic uncertainty and workplace transformation. Learn to lead by example from visionary C-suite executives like Shannon Schuler, PWC and Will Pearson of iHeartMedia.


The good teacher explains the great teacher inspires. Don't always leave your team to do the work that's been the most important part of how to lead by example. Listen to leading by example, executives making an impact on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hear insightful, entertaining discussions on today's important health and wellness topics. On the Health Discovered podcast. From WebMD through in-depth conversations with Experts, health discovered covers everything from tips for healthier living to the latest on therapy and mental health. My goal is to really de-stigmatize mental health treatment and looking at it from a whole health perspective, physical Health and mental health can be intertwined.


Listen to WebMD Health discovered on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.