
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley. Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer.


Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's, let's, I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You guys exclusive, you know, If you don't lie about that, right? Lauren Came in hot. This is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. I am Lauren la This is episode four. I love even numbers. I think even numbers, they just feel whole, they feel like completion, you know, just full and like good. And you guys will notice for, you know, when the video comes out again, the video always rolls out. 48 hours after you listen to this episode on Lauren, the Rosa TV audio is right here, so stay locked, make sure you subscribe and you're downloading the podcast.


So today was like such a day, but I'm excited. I just got an alert. Charlemagne sent us something that I was like, what? This is so lit. So on Apple Podcasts and everybody's like, where do I find the podcast? Where do I find the podcast?


Apple Podcast is the app that comes on your iPhone. I don't know about Androids, but on iPhone you have the podcast app. It's there, it's free, just open it and search.


So latest is what Lauren the Rose is what I keep telling people. But on that app, we made a list today. Yay, Give Up girl is chart. Now I, now I see how like the rap girlies feel when you get like something on the billboard chart. Like, you know what, Emini here. Top 15, top 20, top 10, top two. So right now I'm ranked number 14 on Apple Podcast Society and Culture list, podcast list. And it, this is a list that like ranks, you know, the podcasts that are making some noise when it comes to society and culture. I'm number 14. I was number 15 actually when he posted it on his Instagram. I was at BT And I, I picked up my phone, I was like, oh shoot, this is so lit.


And then I went to go see it myself 'cause I wanna post it. And I was number 14. So I moved up one slot already. You know, the girl is outside. And then I started scrolling and looking and I'm looking at like, who else is on the, the list? Like who are my peers? Y'all, when I tell y'all I almost died, Oprah was on the list. Y'all like, this is insane. So thank you guys so much for being here, for downloading the podcast. Please continue to tell your friends about it because I want everybody to know that if you're looking for a great morning drive, you know what Emini here, like just bite-sized good information. It's right here, baby, period. But right now we, we taking y'all to court.


So the first thing I wanted to talk about was Drake. You guys know that Drake has been going back and forth with Universal Music Group over the song, Not Like Us. Even though he's positioning it and claiming that it's not specifically about the song, that it's more so about the fact that his label did not protect him and that they allowed another artist on the label speaking of Kendrick Lamar to drop Not Like Us, which Drake and Team say is a very defamatory song. It's dangerous and there's no way that this should have been supported. So now he is suing, okay, the lawsuit, there's been a lot of back and forth, but more recently the Universal Music Group side of things said, you know what, judge, this all is BS Drake don't really, he doesn't honestly think that we did half of the stuff that he's claiming.


He's claiming that they work with bots to make Not Like Us a bigger song than it was. He's claiming that they, you know, paid third party bloggers to talk about it. That they paid radio, like just a ton of different things, right? That he has claimed over some time. He's claiming everything, but the song is a bop and baby, the song is a bop. Okay? He's claiming everything but what the truth is, for real, for real, what Drake did was kind of was a smart business play. He filed a motion basically asking to be able to discover, like to look inside of universal music's group's, you know, all of their internal things and figure out if what he thinks is happening is really happening, or at least enough to get enough evidence to then go back to a judge and say, Hey, here's what we have and now we're moving forward with a lawsuit.


A lot of times in defamation, people will tell you like, defamation is one of the hardest things to prove because not only do you have to prove that the person in their intent was defamatory and that they meant to harm you to make it where you, you can't get money to make it where you can be harmed by what they're saying or what they're throwing on you. But also too, you have to really be able to prove loss. Like really be able to prove it, be almost be like you, you really have to be able to prove this. So a lot of times people go right in with the lawsuit and normally that's because they have the evidence, they understand, you know, where they're standing legally and, and what they're gonna lean in on. And, and what Drake did was, you know, he's like, okay, here's what I think is happening. Here's my long laundry list of things that I think is happening, but I wanna go in and do, I wanna poke around a little bit because I need to figure out like if I'm shooting, who's my target?


Who's my target? I thought that that was actually pretty smart. I also thought that this was smart too, because if I'm Drake and you know, the conversation around us was that Drake, you know, was negotiating, you know, renegotiating with the label and trying to do all these things. If I'm doing that And I feel like my label isn't, you know, what Emini here giving me full transparency on some stuff. The best way to get transparency about the stuff that I want, but also about me and how I impactful I am at this label in, in my numbers and all of that stuff, is to see what you're doing across the room to try and control my situation, to back me into a corner. And in discovery, you get all of that. And there was a conversation that had come up in these legal filings about what Drake was actually requesting.


You know, it's like emails and phone logs and all that stuff. But also more recently, some of the things that he had been, his team, his legal team had been requesting was legal documents including, you know, legal documents and agreements and things, contracts in relation to Kendrick Lamar. Now there was a pretrial conference that happened and Judge Jeanette Vargas actually ruled that Universal Music Groups request to stay the discovery. So basically they were like, Uhuh, hold up, wait, discovery, why we gotta do all that? It's gonna cost us money, it's gonna cost us time, it makes no sense. Like we're a huge corporation, why do we have to do all of this?


Makes it like their whole thing is, is Drake's really upset because he lost a rap battle? And as a, as a label, that is not our fault. We do our jobs, we promote our artists, we do what we do, but just because you lost and you're upset, we're sorry prima donna, there's nothing we could do about that. But today Drake actually made some pretty good leeway today. A judge said, and, and oh yeah, And I wanna mention Universal Music Group did ask for this. Like when they said all that, they said, okay, and because of all that, we want this motion to be dismissed. We don't even wanna have to deal with a case at all. And that is still gonna be addressed in court, but we'll get there. But back to what happened today. So today a judge said, I'm gonna deny Universal Music Group's request to stated discovery process and allow Drake to proceed with requesting access to documents, including Kendrick Lamar's contracts with the label.


This is a huge win for Drake because if what Drake is claiming, you know, what Emini here, like all of these allegations he's been throwing, if there's anything to it that he can find, I don't know, Emini here. I think that being able to go on the inside and see conversations and things like that, that's the, that's the best way to prove it. Now I will say that one of the reporters that was in the courtroom, it's a Twitter account that I follow, it's called Inner City Press. They actually reported that Drake's team had, you know, had a back and forth with UMG and that Drake's team decided that they were going to no longer move forward with the accusation that UMG paid bots, like these random bots to like, you know, hyping up the song online and in these different places.


And they said that they did that because that was just very incremental in their lawsuit. I think their biggest thing that they're focusing on are, is what was said using the word pedophile on these big stages and then universal, putting money behind, allegedly according to Drake, putting money behind, you know, all of this. Like all of this, okay, let's, let's, let's, let's back big bad Drake down into a corner and use our big powerful machine to do it. That's what they wanna focus on. Now I thought that that was interesting because normally when you have a case like this where there are multiple different claims, or even if it's like, so this is civil, right? But even if it's criminal, if, if I'm an attorney and for the prosecutor, right? So that's the side that's trying to get you, like, I'm trying to sit you down.


If I'm a prosecutor, I'm not bringing up charges that I don't think can sustain. I'm not gonna waste my time because if a jury or whoever sees you know that I'm alleging certain things And I want certain charges and they don't stick, it starts making everything seem, oh, everything else seems a little muddy. I thought that this was interesting for them to back up off of the bot thing and they made it seem very small, very incremental, but to me it wasn't, to me it, it, it, it, it said to me that I don't know if Drake's team really had enough or thought that they would have enough or thought that it was strong enough to be able to move forward with this whole bot thing. So them backing away from that I thought was like a little telltale sign of like, okay, so here's what they think is strong and that they can prove and here's what they're like.


Mm, that was cute and we mentioned it and maybe it is a thing, but we not wasting our time over there. Now what I think that this means is I, I think that this means that the judge is looking at this from a perspective of like, what could it hurt if I allow it now, I don't care, you know, how much money, how much time it'll cost you. If we could do this now and he can find what he's looking for or not, we don't even gotta do all the other stuff we can, we, we literally can iron it out. Maybe a settlement can happen, whatever the case may be. That's how I think a judge is looking at it. Now, if I'm a universal music group, I'm sure that they're gonna stand on. We have nothing to hide.


But I think it just gets a little tricky when people are going into like contract negotiations and emails and phone conversations because you gotta think about how big a record label is, right? You can't, if, if I'm the head of a record label, I can't guarantee that every single employee in my record label is doing what they're supposed to be doing by the book. How they supposed to be doing it. A lot of times because there's a lot of people involved, there's a lot of artists, there's a lot of money being, you know what Emini here moved around and you know, songs dropping. You are just doing your job to get your job done for the overall accomplishment. And if I'm an exec at Universal, I can't, I don't even have the time to worry about certain day-to-day things. I just gotta look at the high level and the high level of this is, it's like, okay, the song is charting, okay?


The song is moving on TikTok, how we got there, I'm just giving, I'm in good faith believing that my, you know what Emini here, my employees are doing what they need to do. One misstep here, right? You have 30 employees, if about three of them, maybe even five text in the wrong way about some things, exchanging money in the way that they might even not have known was not cool to do, to get things placed or whatever the case may be in the vein of just trying to get the job done even if it was innocent. Do y'all know how that will look in Drake's favor? I ain't gonna hold y'all. I don't think that this is going, I don't think this is going. Like, you know what Emini here, get him out of the Not Like Us territory of like, okay, now some people look at you different.


I really don't think that it will. I know that people are trying to make it like, okay, he's a martyr, he's sticking up for people that are behind these labels and blah blah blah. But like at the end of the day, Drake is still going to be Drake. Nokia is going crazy right now. Gimme a hug. It's going crazy right now. Drake will always be able to Drake if he loses this whole back and forth and there's nothing found. And you know what? Emini here, he just has to let it go. It makes him look like the cry baby. If, if this goes nowhere 'cause it's like, yo, you did all of that Emini here, this is how I feel. Y'all let me know how y'all feel. Tweet me at Lauren la Instagram at Lauren la


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott, I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I wanna tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Young Thug. Y'all remember on the last episode we talked about Young Scooter, we talked about that nine one one call and just a lot of things that were happening with Young Scooter, who was the rapper that passed away in Atlanta while fleeing from police. Now there was a whole nother issue happening at, at that same time with Young Scooter because Young Thug got on Twitter. He tweeted that young scooter autopsy had came out and that he was shot. Young Thug also tweeted out a woman who works in the DA's office and said that basically she was like the biggest liar in the DA's office. And, and, and this must I think, I think young thug's whole point was like, there's some corruption here, but the way he went about it is not fairing well for him.


He did end up having to delete the tweet, especially because the Fulton County Medical Examiner's office came out and again stood on business with what their autopsy really was stating that rapper, young Scooter passed away because of a leg injury while trying to get away from police. But now prosecutors with the Fulton County District Attorney's Office, they're like not happy about young thug's postings. They filed a motion to actually revoke his probation. Now here's what they say in the, in the document, they say, since sentencing, the defendant has engaged in conduct that threatens the safety of witnesses and prosecutors compromises ongoing legal proceedings and warrants immediate revoking of his probation.


The motion continues to say that the integrity of this court and the safety of those involved in the prosecution are at stake. So you, you guys know that he, 'cause he was going through it with himself, with, you know, the DA's offices and all that. If I was thug, I wouldn't be tweeting a dang thing. I would put it in a group chat. You not gonna get me publicly speaking about nothing that goes against no court. No judge, if y'all have not learned anything at this point from watching all these cases or anything, you might be involved in yourself. The court is all about like empathy and respect for the court. But baby, they don't play, they don't farewell with disrespect at all. Like not at all. Now what they're referring to, and this when they say that, you know, prosecutors and, and, and people that were put at stake is a tweet.


I wanna read you guys the actual tweet from the, he posted a photo of the woman, her name is Marissa Ver Rito. So this woman this week, 'cause at Y's so much going on in the court. So at this same week, there's the whole court process happening for the seven men who were arrested in Atlanta. And apparently these men, you know, allegedly were somewhat tied to four pf. And then remember there have been those reports of this whole like arrest warrant that was supposed to come down for little baby. I am told that that is still coming. I am not told that that is not something that is not gonna happen. And I did see reports this week of, you know what I've already known, but she took the stand as a part of a preliminary hearing to determine if the seven men that were charged in the shooting deaths of those two 13-year-old boys in Atlanta will go to trial or not.


So at the time that this has happening, thug posts her photo and says that she is the biggest liar in the DA office. And after that happened, apparently she received like threats online her address, her, you know, her personal contact information was leaked. Family member's personal contact information was leaked. She like it put her in harm's way is what the, you know, the, the prosecutor's office is, is basically saying, so now Thug gets online and he tweets in response basically saying that he doesn't condone threats toward anyone. He's a good person, blah, blah, blah. I don't know why Thug tweeted this lady out. Like I think a lot of us are still trying to figure it out. It's like why?


Like I wouldn't, when I said I wouldn't want nothing to do with nothing, honestly, take his whole account, Mariah, scientists, please take this man's account. If you want your man, your man, your man home girl, deactivate that Twitter because it's just causing too much. Now I don't know if something like this will actually cause for a judge to be like, you know what? Yep, prob probation revoked because he's obviously been keeping up on all of the other things. But what they're gonna claim is that one of the things you can't bring harm and danger to people, especially not somebody in the DA's office, you are on probation. That's that. But I hope you guys have enjoyed this episode. This is episode four of the latest with Lauren the Rosa.


Please share, talk, talk about this online. Tell a friend to tell a friend. Y'all know I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody. And at the end of the day, I always tell you guys this because I appreciate it so much Appreci much. There are so many places and so many people that you guys could be listening to. There's so much going on and you're always right here with me to do it. I love y'all for that. I'm signing out. I will see you guys in my next episode. Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one.


Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.