
I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did you hear That exclusive? You know, she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in hot. Okay, let's get it going. I have sound effects, y'all. Yes, we are here. Welcome. This is the first episode of the latest with Lauren the Rosa, which is a podcast where we are doing all the things. So I'll be here, as you guys have heard in the trailer, and me talk about every day, Monday through Friday, breaking down the latest, the hottest, the trending in exclusive celebrity news and pop culture news.


Also, I'll be bringing you guys exclusives here, so it'll be like a hear it here first talk about it here. First thing we'll be doing an extension of what you will also be seeing me do weekdays on The Breakfast Club right here. Okay? So this very first episode, you know, I just wanted to open it up with something very, you know, personal and near and dear in the headlines. If you guys are listening to this, you're like, oh wow, I'm so excited for her. I've been watching her. Or you're tuned in because you've recently just, I don't know, began to learn to hate me or whatever the case may be, because you think I stole justice job. So we are going to talk about it right here, right now. For the first time ever in my life, I wasn't reaching out to break the story.


I wasn't detailing the story. I wasn't regurgitating a story. I was the story. And in me talking about this today, it's not to conjure up anything or stir up anything because when I tell y'all, me and Jess are good, we're good. And when I tell y'all as things come, because it's a team of four very opinionated people, and it will, we gonna always, we gonna be good, we're gonna figure it out. I think that this and a lot of together things that led up to this have helped us really understand, you know, what communication should look like. And, you know, we we're good, but I'm, I wanted to talk about just kind of like what my point of view and my perspective and just my experience was there and, and the biggest thing I kept telling myself is like, dang, Lauren, I'm so proud of you because Lauren, a year ago, Lauren two years ago, Lauren, three years ago, would not have been able to kind of remove herself and be empathetic, you know, to a woman who just had a baby trying to figure things out on a platform with eight to 9 million, you know, listeners and all these homes and all these markets and you know, you have social media.


But even stepping outside of her and just bringing it to myself, me a few years ago wouldn't have been able to, you know, just see everything that I had worked for and everything that I had on the table and how important that was and how important maintaining a certain composure, a certain level of professionalism, and just knowing like, girl, it's rough and this ain't what you imagined. You know what Emini here and you coming in here and you have no ill will or no ill intention, but it's not about you. There's so many other things that are bigger right now that are above you. You gotta sit back and do your thing, put your head down, do the work, and let it stay above you and, you know, just stay true to what your intentions are. And I think nothing could have prepared me for that more than my relationship with God that I have right now.


And I was raised in a church, I've always had a relationship with God, that's, you know, my family and all of that. Like, that's just how I was raised. But I think when you're grown and you establish that relationship yourself, it is so different. And I, like a year ago when I decided to like get my apartment in New York And I was trying to figure everything out, one of the things that I did was I, I was like, you know what? I'm gonna get my life to God again. When I did that, though, I knew that it was a conscious decision And I told myself, I told myself then that I was like arming myself with everything that I was going to need to go to this like next level of things. And I, when I tell y'all, I had no idea everything that was going to happen, and this is not about like the the just Instagram live Emini here, like everything.


I just mean like, you know, me being blessed with the opportunities and when I created my production company, brown Girl Grind, and when I decided to leave TMZ, it was a big, that, that was my like, focus. It was like, okay, I wanna cause create conversation that matters, but that really shakes the room for real. So when I got on the other side of that, and now the conversation that's shaking the room is about me following Jessica and live on Instagram, I was like, oh shit, this is crazy. Behind the scenes I knew that like, things weren't perfect. I knew she wasn't the most happiest person, but I think in my role, I can only speak for myself.


I was trying to do as much as I could to make sure that things worked out well enough where she could at least show up and do her job comfortably. Like that was my job. And it, and it wasn't about me as talent at that point. It was like, okay, me and my producer role, the, the, the, the show has to work like this full product has the product and how can I make that happen? So I was doing everything I could, but I think it was obvious that, you know, she wasn't happy and she was, you know, trying to figure things out. And I had to learn that there was nothing. Again, it was so much of me learning Lauren that's above you, like that had nothing to do with me or her. Emini here. A lot of it is something that, you know, and, And I can't speak to her experience And I don't want to.


I think She'll, we've talked about it on air. I don't know if she'll revisit this or not, but a lot of her figuring out her voice in that space is a her thing. But coming in, I wanted things to work so well that, you know, I was just like, okay, I, if I gotta lean, if I gotta bend, if I gotta get off air, whatever I gotta do, it's like, okay, be I'm with, I'm down for the team. Like this is home team. Like let's do it. So to see it not work out the way that I wanted it to, and then to see the big explosion on Instagram live, I was like, all right, like, woo, you know, and this is not, we've, me and Jess have talked about this, but I think my biggest point was just like, whoa, hold on.


It's not us versus you. We all in this trying to figure this shit out. As crazy as this is going to seem, when I came into this, I remember feeling like, all right, it's us against The World because you've never seen this, you've never seen two black women on a mainstream platform that picks up across so many different, you know what, Emini here, Emini here, Fox Sha, room, C-N-N-T-M-Z, Hollywood unlocked all of the things, right? But, and, and you've never seen it. It's like number one, we don't really have like a guy, we're figuring it out. But number two, so many people are gonna like wanna put their hand in it, stir it up, the noise is gonna come. And I was always like, all right, fuck all the outside shit. Like it's us.


Like forget everything outside. It is us. And I think like our program director, her name is Dia Mitchell. One of the things she always says to me is like, And I, And I had to learn it 'cause y'all know I come from TMZ, I come from like instant, like this working is not, what's the story? What's the headline? To just let things breathe? And I think that that is what this whole experience has taught me on another level is to let things read because what is supposed to happen will happen moving forward. We did the Boy's Mind remake, we called it The Job is Mine. Jess wrote the lyrics to it, we recorded it, the whole team jumped in and just to see like the, how it was received and it just felt good.


It felt like, okay, like you know, you have an argument with your sibling or like your mom, your dad, whoever, or your boyfriend, your girlfriend, your whoever your partner is, however you identify whatever you do. And then y'all get through it and it's like, okay, I'm glad we, we might've needed that 'cause that, that, that communication needed to happen. It felt good. It felt like, okay, we are through it. It happened. It taught me a lot about being the actual story and how to handle that and you know, what Emini here, what to do, what not to do. I think that people received it well because they could feel that genuinely. We both were like, it's not a competition. Like you do what you do, I do what I do and we're here. Granted again, it's four people for the first time figuring this out together.


This is my first time ever working with any of these people. We going, we might rub heads again, you know what Emini here, bump heads again. But we are in a space now where we will figure it out and make sure I go check out the job is mine and listen to the song and let me know what you feel about it. But no y'all, this was not a gimmick. This was not promo for the podcast promo for The Breakfast Club. This is me addressing that and shutting that down. I'm debunking that story That was not fake, just went live. It was real, it happened. We're moving on. It is done. We are in a good space. And that's it. That's all I wanna talk to you guys about Cardi B and Offset.


So I was very disappointed when I say very disappointed, Emini here, extremely disappointed by what I heard over the weekend from Cardi B about offset. So Cardi B went on Twitter spaces and she accused offset of threatening to kill her and himself. And she also said that Offset had actually sent videos of Offset and Cardi engaged in sexual activities to the new person that Cardi was dating. If what Cardi is alleging is true, all of that is trash. Like that is such trash behavior from a man. Granted, I don't know all the details of their breakup, I don't know all the details of who did what, when they did it, who they did it with, where they slept at, who they slept with, whatever.


I don't know any of that. But what I do know, and what we all do know, is that Cardi B has children by offset. So that means that everything she's alleging that offset has done, he is doing this to the mother of his children. These children are, yes, they're babies, right? But these children are old enough and they're human beings, so they'll feel what their mom is dealing with, they'll feel what their mom is going through. And I, And I, I think a lot of times in situations like this, like men are quick to say, well, everybody always thinks about the woman in a breakup. Everybody always thinks about, well what did the man did?


What did the man do? Especially in situations like this because also has such a history of being the cheater in the relationship Emini here. I remember the dms from Jay that, you know, he came out at one point and said, we're, we're we're, his page was hacked. It's up to you guys to believe. I just think that regardless of who's doing dirt where, right, like whether wherever the blame is gonna be, I think that there's a certain level of respect that you should carry about somebody that you once were in love with, that you, you know what Emini here, you, you dealt with, you had kids with you publicly had a relationship with. There should be just a certain level of respect. And from my observation, that level of respect has never been there from offset to Cardi at all.


Because some of the things that we've had to publicly hear her get online and cry about and break down about for her, number one, for her to be who she is as Cardi B, right? This huge force in entertainment, right? This celebrity, this, this woman that people are looking at, that, that people are, are, are seeking after or idolizing. There should be a level of respect for what she's built career wise, where you didn't wanna do that to her. There's that, there, there's the video of officer reaching out to Dr. Cheyenne Bryant, the, the, the screenshots of the dms and they teased it and people thought it was a whole thing when really he was reaching out, trying to get, I guess trying to get help, like trying to figure out, you know, wanting to talk to somebody relationship wise.


I think that's a good idea. I really do think that's a good idea because I think if what we're hearing, you know, from what Cardi is alleging is true, offset should definitely figure that out because not even just for the sake of him and Cardi getting back together, that might be done at this point. If I was her, it would be done at this point. But again, I don't judge if not because it's not my business to judge, this is my, my business to report about it and talk about it. But I wouldn't go back at this point. I think he has demonstrated where his level of respect stands. I think his insecurities and his respect for himself are very low. And, and, and if he don't love himself, he can't love you.


That's what I look at and that's what I take away from this. But again, people gotta learn on their own according to their own time. But I think that him getting help and really sitting down and talking to somebody, Mike can help him a lot. Like a whole lot because this is just sad to hear. And I did post a a tweet and because I knew I was gonna be talking about Cardi being offset, I was asking, you know, the ladies, like, as women, we take so much shit for the men that we love in quotation mark.dot y ladies love music on set because we understand their struggle. We are gonna continue to love on them by enemies necessary. So she's talking, she's saying, you know, as women we understand men struggle.


Ezra, RGR on X says emotions, the lesser sign logic. Basically, once you get in your emotion, logic goes out the window And I think we've all been here. So thank you guys again for tuning on in and again, connect with me on social media. I'm Lauren la everywhere. Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube. I'm also on Instagram under the Brown Girl Grinding account, which is where we have these conversations like this as well too in real time throughout the day. Thank you guys for tuning in and I'll see you in the next episode. Yes, we got through episode one.