
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season Premier raising Canaan. Watch now only on Stars.


In the Stars app.


Life Is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's, sisters In Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville. What we got Lauren. So yesterday I broke an Exclusive and again, if whenever you're looking for the latest and it's not happening here, follow me at Lauren la Rosa on social media because we broke Exclusive, not I, we broke an Exclusive that Wendy Williams, after being transported to a hospital, scored a 10 out of 10 on a psych or a competency competency test. So this test that she took, it was 10 questions she was asked and she answered all 10 questions. Correct. The questions basically just help the person who's asking her these questions be able to determine like, is she able to track like cognitively? Can she have a conversation? Does she know what's going on? Where is her mental state? Is she incapacitated or Not?


Exactly. Is she incapacitated or not? So we were told exclusively yesterday that she passed that test with flying colors. Good. Which is a great sign because as you know, like she's trying to get out of the facility where she's living at right now. And that's their biggest issue. It's like they're trying to claim that she's not able to live outside of the restraints that she's living in right now. Gotcha. Now to backtrack though, why all of this happened? 'cause I think yesterday when people saw, like there was two stories that dropped. There was a story about an investigation that's happening right now with Wendy Williams, conservator, Sabrina Morrisey. And then there was a story about her being taken to a hospital before we were able to update people on what was happening at the hospital. I think people were freaking out. 'cause you hear hospital, Wendy, they're like, what happened? So what happened was G Gina Montero?


No, how you say Gina's last name? Gina? No, not Morris Monte. Don't gimme the line. My girl, Gina. Gina, My girl Gina. Gina was Monso Monte. Okay. Gina was she, if you guys watch the, the Wendy documentary on Tuby that TMZ did, Gina is in that documentary. So she has been kind of like spearheading the actions that Wendy has taken to try and get herself out of all this. She's The president, she's the president of Connect Care Advisory Advisory group. She, she is a godson. We, we had her on The Breakfast Club about, about maybe five years ago. Love her. You know, she, she's helped my family out with a lot of things too as well. Yes. I love her. So this all sparked off because she sent a letter to Adult Protective Services and in that letter she was basically detailing the conditions that live Wendy is living under versus how she thinks she should be living.


She also, you know, she called the circumstances very troubling around just her treatment in general. Like not being able to come outside for fresh air, not seeing doctors according to Wendy as much as she wants to. She also talked a lot about just the floor that she's on and, and the confinement and it being a memory unit, the whole staff approval thing. And she was like, yo, y'all need to get somebody down here because this is concerning. Not only is it concerning for her health, but legally there's no way that, like her rights are not being trampled over in this situation. Right. So after that happened, now NYPD gets involved. So NYPD gets involved or whatever and they, they, they step in. So now there are two investigations that are happening on the Adult Protective services side and the NYPD side.


And they're basically looking into the conservatorship to see yo, okay, is this violent in her rights? And if so, how? Like, what is happening? Should she be in this situation? So I think with, you know, in talking to Gina and they're talking to different people that like are very aware of what's happening here. When you see a photo like this And I printed out a photo from TM Z's video that they have of Wendy yesterday where Wendy was so excited just to see somebody at the bottom of her building with a camera. She started waving and it was like he had a free Wendy sign and he held it up and she started waving. She was just excited to see someone who knew who she was. You gotta start to think like this is a human being. Like why? So then after that police come and there's a video of police removing Wendy from, you know, the, what she calls a luxury prison.


Right. And she Was walking. That's what I love about it. She looked good though. She Walked out. Usually she's been in the scooter. She Looked really good. She was walking individual. She trembling in New York. Yesterday was Wendy walking down the sidewalk shut. It was nice weather outside yesterday too. Was a good day for her to be able to get some fresh air. But yeah, so she, they took her to the hospital yesterday and she did that test. And a big part of this, you know, is just getting some ammo so that she has some more backing. 'cause the, on the other side of things, 'cause I had asked like, well why, like, what's happening with the court stuff? We, we talk about lawyers, we talk about the court and they're like, yo, that just can take a minute. So, you know, bringing these additional eyes in right. Gets, can get things going. So that is what happened yesterday with Wendy.


She'll be calling into Breakfast Club this morning, Wendy Williams will to give us some more updates in About what, 15 minutes, about 10, 15 minutes. She'll be checking in and she'll be telling us everything that's going on and what happened yesterday. Yes. Y'all know the the biggest thing when I'm like just running around or whatever, the biggest thing that people talk to me about from here is Wendy. Of course people are so connected to her, they wanna know how she's doing. Yeah. They wanna know if this is a real thing. People, people think that this is like not real because it's so extreme. I've never gotten don't think It ain't real. There are people that are like Emini here. I think that they know it's real. They they just can't believe it. Like, because we know Wendy Williams as like Wendy Williams. So to see her now people are like, how did this happen? But like, everybody wants to know what's going on with Wendy. That's whats Up though. She passed that test? Yeah, she passed the test.


So again, Wendy Williams will be checking in in about 10 minutes. We'll be talking to her. Her and Gina. Gina. Oh Gina, Gina Be with her too live on there. We'll be talking about everything that went down yesterday and, and what's going on now and, and what we should expect. And She is calling into the View on Friday as well. Yeah, it's crazy. It's kind of early for Wendy Actually. What you mean? Because she's, nevermind She got Suzanne though. She's working with her producer Suzanne from the Wendy show. There was like Suzanne Ain't helping her wake up this Morning. Yeah, but Emini here she going not this morning for our show but for the View. They've been talking and kind of, there's been videos coming out on her. Suzanne just like talking and preparing for the view. So I'm excited about that as well too. Alright, Random observation. Torry Lane's album Slap crazy. You crazy. You weren't here that day what We was talking about.


No, absolutely it wasn't. It's tough. But the the, the album is crazy, crazy. Just like they Star Peterson album. The album that he did before this one? No, no, no. It was another Rain dropped been dropping albums in jail 'cause then he dropped another one. This is his Second or third. Eli is Going crazy back here. I'm like, what is Happy Eli? Oh, you like the Canadian dude Tory album Ms. Good. But don't it sound like you're doing Drake Karaoke on Some records. He doesn't sound like Drake. I thought Drake was on some of the songs. I did. I did did Song. He Sound sound like it's like Drake reference tracks. Sometimes Eli's having a conniption. Well he, He actually, he Maybe it's a Toronto thing. Like a lot of different people Emini here because he sound like the weekend and some of the songs from Day Star Peterson. He, he can morph into anybody. That's, that's something unique about, He's very talented. That's What I'm, I don know if it's a Toronto thing or if he's actually just doing Drake weekend karaoke.


But A lot of 'em all sound the same. Yeah. At certain times And just be an area thing might Be different songs. But I know the album is not he Be Sample King anyway. But like he the just the production too. I was like, oh this, It's amazing. This is what you doing back there. Amazing. And that wasn't on the phone. That, that, that was some equipment that that guy had in jail. I don Prison Emini here. I don't know. That wasn't on the phone though. He said it was over the phone. Don't be singing to no man's equipment in prison is crazy. Dunno who took that phone. All right. That's the latest with Lauren. When we come back, we got front page news and tell a friend to tell a friend Wendy Williams will be checking in in about 10 minutes. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs. Making it worse. Viome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get Viome and fix your gut. Now. Dial star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. By the time I stole a girl's phone during a set and she dumped on stage and threw a big haymaker punch to my nose, listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.