
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. And Everybody, did you hear that exclusive? You know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La This is your daily dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, and the conversations that shake the room. Now, when we talk about conversations that shake the room, we know that y'all love when we bring the live conversations, the sit downs here on the podcast. So I got something really, really special for all of my low riders today. If you've ever seen the show girlfriends, And I kind of feel like a little like, like a duh when I say that 'cause who hasn't seen the show Girlfriends.


But if you have or have not seen the show Girlfriends, we are gonna talk a lot about it today in this episode, because we have a icon joining us. Ms. Golden Brooks, who plays Maya on the show, will be joining us to talk about an art exhibition that is taking place in LA June 29th and June 28th at The Line Hotel in la. So on June 29th and June 28th, or June 28th and June 29th, I'm like, why am I saying it backwards like that? You'll be able to come out and check out some art pieces that were all created by black women artists and photographers, because girlfriends, the show is turning 25, or has turned 25 this year.


So we, and when I say we, we talked to Golden Brooks, me Delaney George, who was the co-founder of DCDG and Co. She put the whole exhibition together. She figures out like, you know, what is the focus of the exhibition? Who will we focus it on? What? And then, you know, she puts all the pieces to the puzzle together. So she brought me in with an amazing dope artist named Brittany Bird. Brittany is creating some of the pieces in the show as well as helping to, you know, bring other artists into the show as well. And in conversation with Golden Brooks, we got to talk a lot about what the show meant to us and pour into Golden Brooks Maya from Girlfriends just on her impact and what that looks like for us at our ages.


And, you know, we started watching girlfriends so long ago and she, you know, golden Brooks is in this conversation just receiving all of the flowers. But for a lot of the conversation, she's kind of in awe still of the impact of girlfriends. But Mar Brock, kill Golden, Tracy Ellis, Ross Lynn, everybody who, who, who has played on this series, Jill Marie Jones. I think that they all in somewhat and in some way understand how important they are, but I think it's different when you get to hear it firsthand from women creatives who've been inspired by the work. So that's what we are doing here. So take a listen to this exclusive sit down with Golden Brooks Maya of girlfriends as we celebrate 25 years of the show.


Hi. Hi. Hi. Good morning. Good morning. Y'all are glowed up for 9:00 AM on a Sunday. I know that all y'all are giving and all of y'all are glowing. And I, I'm really excited to be here. I've been in preparation for this conversation. I've been watching a lot of girlfriends and conversations that I went back through some of the art that we selected or that was a part of the major selection and what we narrowed it down to for the exhibition that is happening in la. And I, I'm, I don't know, I think it's just so dope how, you know, a show that we watched and now have been able to rewatch with our mothers, our grandmothers, our nieces, our aunties, and you know, all these people in our, in our lives is now like, we're now ta talking about it in a way of art and an exhibition.


I think that it's amazing to see art be able to be communicated in so many different ways. So I'm excited for this conversation. You know, I know you guys are without introduction, but if you wanna Just say hello really quick to the audience and let them know what part you guys are playing in this, you know, 25 year anniversary art exhibition that we are putting on in LA that will be open to the public in a few weeks. I think that that would be a great way to kick it off. Yeah. Okay. Oh, golden Go. You go ahead, golden. Oh, You go first. I, okay. Okay. Well, hi everybody on the live, I'm Delaney George. I'm the co-founder of Creative Fine Arts Agency, DCDG. Also, this is our first iteration of our new brainchild Iconic Visions, which basically partners legends like Golden Brooks here and other people of multiple industries, whether it's music, sports, entertainment, and put them in the role of the curator.


So, kind of like you said, Lauren, taking something that we all know and love within our culture, and then bringing it, bringing it into fine art in the galleries, and putting a contemporary twist on something that we all know and love. So I'm super excited to be talking about, about this with you all, but also to be bringing this to life with so many incredible black women artists. That's what it's really about. That's what's connecting us. So I'm excited to get into it. Hi everybody in the live, I'm so excited to be a part of this project. My name is Brittany Bird And I am a multihyphenate artist and creative, And I am exhibiting a piece in the show, and I'm just like, heartful.


Oh gosh. Hi you guys. I'm Golden Brooks, AKA Maya, Denise Wilkes. I just, I, I was asked to, you know, sort of come along this journey and help curate and just pick some amazing art pieces from some of these, you know, these artists and to work with the DCDG. It's just, it feels like such an honor. I feel, I feel very honored and I'm, I, it, I still get really emotional when we, we were talking about anything girlfriends and just knowing that the show is still, is still moving and, and, and being celebrated and empowering communities and it's being used to, to as the muse for, for this particular art exhibition.


It's, it's mind blowing. We, all of us, Tracy, Jill Persia And I, we're, we're just blown away at the amount of just love and support and still the train is moving. And I think it just shows that we need more of this. We need more representation and just girlfriends to be able to be in the art space, which I love. I'm a huge art lover. I, I feel very honored. So thank you for having me. This is a show that we all know and love and all grow up, but now to be taking it from the screen and putting it on canvas or gallery wall, I think that's something that everybody can relate to. So even if you're a person that's not traditionally trained art or you're not into it all the time, I think this show is gonna bring something for everyone to be involved in It.


It really is a collection about what sisterhood looks like. Yes. And the pieces are beautiful and Emini here. I I think that girlfriends, what it represents to me is the whole culture of what it is to be, and not just a brown woman, but, but female womanhood from our hair to our skin, to how we connect physically. Metaphysically, Emini here, some of the art pieces were so metaphorical and, and you know what? I feel like art is kind of like a really good dish. Like some, some people you may not know what you're eating.


Yes. You may not know all the ingredients and sometimes it's intimidating when you go to, you know, a certain restaurant, you're like, oh, what is that? But once you eat it, you, it is texture, it's feeling you just, you just know when you know, and, and you don't always have to have the right terminology, but when you look at something and it moves you and it, it evokes an emotion, that's when you know that that piece is for you. You know, it's all feeling. Thank you. Yeah. And golden, this Is kind of like another full circle moment for you because you guys were the African American museum in DC We, we were, we absolutely were. Our art Say it just, it's, you know, I think because girlfriends was so iconic, I feel so old when I say that I'm like iconic.


But I think because it was one of the first shows that actually celebrated, or, you know, Mara Buck Kill, you know, hats off to her showing black women doing yoga and eating sushi and wearing fly clothes designer. I think that was the first time I ever heard about, you know, the, well not really the Birken bag, because Sex and the City did it, but you had women of women of color wearing designer. You know, we talked about it. And I just think that on so many levels it showcased us in a way that we hadn't seen ourselves and all of our flaws, you know? And I think that that's something that I think women of color, it was, it it, it opened up a whole new conversation piece on the black woman in TV and what that looks like.


You know? And I, I think museums, I, I think it should be celebrated. And I think Girlfriends really was sort of the catalyst for a lot of other amazing shows that have, that have come after it. So I feel very proud to be, Be part of that. Well, golden kind of talked a little bit about what the show meant to her, but for everyone else here, I would love to know the first time you watched this is like a icebreaker. First time you watched girlfriends. What, like, what, what did it represent like right away to you and, and like, I feel like there's a, a version of us who watched it now as we're older, but try and think back to like the very first time you watched the, the series.


I'm like, I think, I wanna say it might have been like around like maybe 2003 or four, my mom used to religiously watch girlfriends, like get off and then tune in and like, we would literally sit in front of the TV together. So in a way, girlfriend represents like a motherly bond for me, because that's something that my mom did together. Like that was, we ate our dinner, watched girlfriends, and my mom would literally call Maya's like, oh hell no all the time she's probably watching this. She's Like, oh, hell no. Get in here and clean this room. Exactly. So Emini here, that was definitely a bonding moment for me and my mom, like, so early, early two thousands for sure.


And then it's like when I, when I saw just the imagery of these black women, I, me being that age, I didn't really get to that Lauren Digest, like all of like the drama and the serious that was, but they were just so beautiful and like fabulous in the fashion, in a style. Like every single episode, everybody was on point. Tony with all of her designer and her Prada. Like, I was just crazy because like Emini here growing up in New Orleans, like I just, we just did not see that type of caliber of black women. And I, And I think you said like, said Golden, like that didn't just expose, you know, that exposed everyone to like the fact that this is what we can be, these black women who exist.


And that was like my first occurrences with it. It was inspiring to see that, but also it was a bonding moment for me and my mom. I love that. That's so beautiful. That's amazing. I think I started watching it in maybe like 2000 or 2001. I was definitely like in elementary school, but it was just like always on in my house. And it was like, wait a minute, they're owning homes in Miracle Mile. I, No. Right. And not in the series, they were like, y'all were, because I'm, when I was 30, I was like, wait, because, and girlfriends, they were like 29, 30, 31. Right, Right. And like growing up it's like, oh wait, 28 with real jobs law firms.


Right. That Was cool for me to see because I, it definitely gave me like inspiration. Like, you can be outlandishly loud, you can be yourself, you can be exceptionally beautiful. So yeah, it was a lot of info for me. Wow. Yeah. Same. I agree with both of you guys. Sentiments for me, I think the first time I watched it younger, it was just like, it reminded me of like my group of friends and like my family. Like there's like, you always have the aunt who like has a great job and you can tell her lifestyle. You go to her house and it's like, oh my God. And then you got your, your homegirl. Like, it just, there were so many different people in one show, but they all were together.


And I don't think I ever seen that because I think other than that, a show that sticks out to me is like a moia. But it was different because she was younger, she was figuring things out. She was, you know, like there was a certain unap unapologeticness in girlfriends for each character in different ways. And I was young like, wait, hold on. Because she just, but wait, because, yeah, so figuring all those things out as, as I was learning and growing now I'm like, oh, I'm like, the rewatch hit different. The as in the Rewatch is crazy. I was like, wait, this is actually unhinged activity. So do You guys feel like now you guys are still so young and Emini here, And I know you watched it with your moms when you look at it now, even for me, when I look at it now, you know, 25 years later, And I, I sometimes I see so many memes now online, like, who was the most toxic friend?


Or, you know, but looking at it now, now that you guys are older, more mature, does it resonate in a way that, do you feel something different? Do you feel like you're more connected to one over the other now that you're in a space of living your full flushed out lives? Hell yeah. For, Oh My God, I be watching that show. I, I rewatched it a few years ago with my mom and then I re I just rewatched it on my own. Just and moving to New York and wanting to, you know, you have that girlfriend's like, I wanna take over the city. You take over The World vibe And I feel like it depends on what I'm going through in the week. I'm having, I might identify with a different character for a different reason And I might need, Like, I might need to be Lynn and just be like, free spirited things are gonna work out.


I might need to be Maya and be like, Uhuh, fuck this, this is not happening. You, I might need to be Joan, I might need to be Jill and be like, ho, hold on. 'cause from me Uhuh, I deserve that. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, it, it just depends on what I'm going through. But Mar Brock iq, I think what, what is so genius about the show is that I've never, I could rewatch it a thousand times and find a different reason why I needed to watch it. Like the art, the story doesn't get old. You don't even watch it. Like, I don't need to see it again. Girlfriend isn't bad. Right. Definitely timeless for sure. Sure. Because like a lot of, I primarily work in fashion and art, but like a lot of the fashion girlies are like, oh, let's watch Sex in the City.


No shade, great show. But I resonate more with like, the characters on girlfriends. Oh man, thank you. What? Yeah, It, it referring to meet you too, because it's like, I think watching it as an adult, like the ages 28 through like 31, 32, it's like, it, it makes you like, they're still going through so many things that you would like, imagine people not go through and it's like, wow, these are grown women around my age that's going through the same thing. It's just like, it's okay to still be figuring it out. Like girlfriends just showed such a spectrum of different types of black women. Like they were all different in their way, but it's like their situations happen to all of us.


Like we're not, you know, opposed to going through any of that. So I feel like it's really affirming to be like, you can be a career woman, you can be like on your stuff, but you're still gonna have like reality happen. So I feel like girlfriends is kind of like that little hug that you need to be like girl. Like you're okay. Like you're figuring it out and that's okay too. Yeah. Yeah. That's, you guys are so on it. I love it. I love it. I, it it, it's, it really is crazy how it still holds up, you know? And, and we're all still so very close and Emini here, the fashion we always talk about, you know what, I would take this from Joan, you know, Ooh, you know, Lynn, let me, let me get that little black sachet or her real estate dresses and Maya with her little sassy jeans.


And I, I, I loved it. I love that we're having this conversation And I think we're all Emini here as black women. I really think we're all those women, right? I think we're all that And I think we, we have to code switch. That's what we do. As, as women of color, women in the arts, women in, if, you know, if you're in the professional space, we, you know, we're a little bit of Maya when we're with our friends, you know, the sister girl we're, and sometimes we have to put on that hat when like Joan in the boardroom and, and sometimes we're the perennial student where we're constantly wanting to learn like, like Lynn. And I think we wear so many hats as, as women of, of color that we have to, and so I'm so proud of all three of you for, for, you know, being in the space that you are.


And I think people underestimate how art really can inspire you, whether it's TV or, or an an actual art piece or because we're moved by, by what is us and, and something that's familiar and something that gives us, you know, ency to, to be that and to explore that and to express that. So I just think conversations like this are really important, especially for, you know, you guys and, and even younger generations so that they know it's okay. It's okay to, to to be you, you know. And I know that, that we're living in a space right now where we're kind of told who we need to be and social.


That's another thing we always talk about. Girlfriends was around at a time, but there was no social media, you know, there was no Instagram, there was no Emini here. I think Facebook was just starting, but art was my space maybe, yeah. Was MySpace, right? But like, you only found out about girlfriends by word of mouth. Like if you was, you know, at the grocery store, It definitely was like a talking point. And like it was talking was at every point of black women lineage. I can definitely say from like grandparents to like my parents, Right? Emini here. It was sort of like you had to go to your local Sunday dinner or to church or to a friend's house to talk about that episode.


Oh, did you see when Joan did this? Because, you know, that's also how you know that it was the, the power of of us because, you know, it was really like, we'd have to get fan mail to hear what people were thinking. It wasn't like, wow. So would sit there and open up envelopes, you know? And it's, it's very interesting. We're in a different time now. So the fact that we're still having this conversation, it just, it, it really makes me a little bit emotional. So, All right y'all, so that has been the sit down with Golden Brooks.


Now make sure, again, if you have not heard it enough throughout this conversation, you will hear right now that you come out, if you are in LA on June 28th and June 29th to visit the ex exhibition, it will be open to the public. You can go out, take a look at all the art pieces and you know, golden will be there. It's gonna be a great time. It's gonna be a day full of creativity and conversation through the lens of black women creators, which of course, again, girlfriends, you know, it was tea for that. That is, that's what they gave. Even though they weren't all artists, you know, they were painting this campus of what real life looks like for us as black women. And 25 years later, we still celebrate it. So at the end of the day, like I always tell you guys, y'all could be anywhere with anybody having these conversations, but you choose to be right here with me.


I appreciate you guys so much, lowriders, And I will see you guys in my next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.