
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and every, everybody Did you Hear that exclusive? You know if she gonna lie about that, right? Lauren came In. Hi. Hey guys, it's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Now today's episode is gonna be a bit different, but I do think I know my low riders. You guys are going to enjoy it because y'all have been asking me when are we bringing celebrity interviews to the podcast, Lauren? Well, here we are. So I sat down in an exclusive conversation with Da Vinci from BMF in Big Tank, who is a music supervisor for BMF on Stars and a ton of other 50 cent shows.


A music supervisor is a person who makes sure that the music is placed right? So when y'all watching the series, it feels like the time that we in it feels good, the music is good, and all those things. And y'all know Da Vinci plays Southwest Terry. Southwest Tee, who is me's brother in the series. Now the new series or the new season of BMF comes on stars on June 6th. So I sat down and we talked a bit about what it was like making this season and all of the twists and the turns and the music and joy. Here's my conversation From The Breakfast Club. Give it up for Lauren. Hello. Hello everybody. How are y'all?


Y'all enjoying the conversation so far? Well, we have a treat for you guys, but before we get into the conversation, as he mentioned, I'm going the Rosa here all the way from New York on The Breakfast Club. We have some special people in the building to talk about, you know, BMF and how the music industry and what BMF means to the music industry continues to impact the culture. So joining me today, we have Derrick Gig Tank Thornton, who is a music supervisor for the show. Give it up for him and DaVinci. He plays Harry Liny, Dr. Either side, whatever. Oh excuse me, DaVinci, you gotta go back.


They did not at. And I walked in And I was like, oh that goes tea. And I was like, oh no, he's not tea right now technically, but people connect to your character and they connect to the music. So we are gonna get in to the conversation tank. For those who don't know, can you explain, please, what is the role of a mu a music supervisor? Like what does that mean? What does it entail in television series? What's your day-to-day job and how did you decide? Well answer that first And I'll ask you the second mark. So basically from hiring the composer, finding the composers, all the songs, every song in background, a lot of times theme songs. You know, if I'm not creating And I'm having a created, so just every piece of music in a show I'm gonna pick.


Okay, so once you get that together, you find a composer, you're picking the theme songs, how do you decide which tracks go in which like place? Because especially with BMF, it's such a like a time period piece. Yeah. Meaning like when you watch it, it's not present day, right? Music has to feel like that. The cue of the music, the time and it comes in. How do you figure that out? So first You need to study that year. You know, the slings ought to bew, right? You know, if we're talking about, you know, Suzuki Samurai or we're talking about, you know, somebody's fresh to death or whatever it is, it's gotta be time period appropriate. And then, you know, I really believe, like when I'm watching the scene, the scene kind of tells me which way to go. Like if you pay attention to what the scene is doing, it would kind of lend you towards, you know, these songs should be a major, these songs should be a minor.


What's this person listening to this? This is their attitude every single day. So they're probably listening to this kind of music. So it's just really studying who that person is and making sure that the music fits their character. So, you know, I, I love doing it. I love, it's basically a and r on the TV show. When y'all are on set, is all of the music playing, like how we, when we watch it? Or is it just like silent and you're just trying to figure out the not No, it's not Fred at all. Oh. Because you gotta understand there's a big mic going, right? Yeah. So, okay, if this dialogue isn't going and there's music playing, then the mic's gonna pick everything up. Sure. So what they hear, I send in a i, I send in what's called a thump track. So you'll hear like, and people will be dancing to that.


Mm mm And then they can talk over it and then I get it and we put the music in. That's why he's looking at it now for the first time. So you just used To be like, mm mm Nah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Sometimes they'll just do playback. Like he said, they'll play the real song before the scene start just so everyone could be in that zone and then they'll be like, quiet the music but keep dancing. So it's just silent as hell. And everyone's like, and then we're talking and then we're acting like we're talking over the music. We're talking loud like, yo, I can't hear you with it. It's, it's dead silent. Alright, so this question is true both of you guys. What was it work like working with Jordan Alexander? She plays Purdy in the, the series. So the, for those of you guys who were just watching that music video, she's the artist in that video.


What was it like working with her hearing that that was an tho those were original songs that were created for her to just feel like the time that she was in? Yeah, I don No, Jordan is actually dope. She's so dope. She's from Canada. Oh, she got an interesting way of seeing her life. But it's still like the States, Canada is like basically like us, but they Just say things different And I don't invite her over to the house and everyone. And then we just started talking And I started picking her brain And I was like, yo, this is fire. Like it was, she was a real artist, you know? And an actress, Was she cast it that you guys were specifically looking for an actress who's also an artist? Or did it just so happen that she's great for the part and she could actually she has, she's a real artist who sounds good.


You know what, it helps because I feel like, you know, just as a, a viewer of shows, you can tell when somebody actually has real music ability, right? And while we're faking it. Yeah. So I always think, in my opinion, I always like to cast someone who has music ability if they're playing the part of her music artist. You know what I'm saying? So it was definitely helpful in the studio being able to just tell her like, yo, let's, let's, let's cut that over. Let's do this, let's do that. And to speak to her as somebody who makes music, she understood all the laboring, she understood what she was doing, she understood what she sounded to up to date and how to sound more TLC ish.


You know what, Emini here. So that's what we're going for. Oh, I had A question for y'all, but I can't ask it. I'm gonna ask you all backstage when you just said TLC ish. Okay. But I can't, 'cause I don't wanna give away anything. Okay. But so you guys actually producing the music for her? The, the song that we just heard? Yeah. So that's her song originally just well for the show. Right? And so who does she write it and you produce? No, So we, we have people come in, write the song like the people who wrote like TLC's records, you know what Emini here and, and made those beats. And we'll have them come in and create something specifically for her. And then we'll go in and we'll record the record, make sure again it gets mixed and make sure it fills of that time. So same drum machine, same keyboards, same everything.


So it sounds like that. So that's what we're doing. Well, so music is one part of, you know, this season of BMF, but as every season in all of you know, the 50 cent world of stars, but BMF for sure, you have set design, you have your costumes, your hair, your makeup. And in this season in particular, you guys are in two different worlds a lot. Yeah. So the costuming and the look and you know, everything looks really, really different. DaVinci, talk to me a bit about, first of all, going into those two different worlds and shooting that and just how everything changes. Like your hair, your everything. My security to me. You'll be watching me put the wig all week dying laughing. I'm, I'm literally talking to him, fixing it and like trying to cover the lace and I'm like, now I don know what girls go through.


Did You have to put the little thing around your edges, the hold it down, the la the Edges, the glue? Yeah. You did Bo wait, I la I know what it's like to sweat as shit living in. I know why y'all got into little fan. It's like boy it was, it was, I know I was like to itch. I know why y'all, you know what I'm saying? I thought yeah, I know the whole feeling bro. I ain't gonna lie. I gained a lot of respect for women in what I go through. 'cause I was annoyed as hell by these way boy. I was like, oh my god then. And my braids is like a week old under it. I'm like bro, I'm gonna take each out between takes me and me got rat tail comb that we like.


Like it's, nah, we, we, we was going through it. And now on the music side of it this season, what else? New or different or just anything you wanna talk about that you incorporated this season soundtrack wise to reflect how action packed it was. You know, the friction between the brothers, the, the, you know, characters out for revenge. There were certain times when I realized certain songs And I was like, oh I see what they did that I'm trying to talk to you without talking to you. You know what Emini here. But this season man, I think the biggest differences this year we're starting to hit some coast, the West Coast hit Mop, gonna hear some early, you know, some early bouncy music from the south. So there's just things now that they're trying, now that they're moving around, the music's gotta move around too.


So we're hitting all those things. Ain't nobody I, you know, on the music, we ain't doing no back flips tonight. I'm Saying. Yeah. Oh for sure I was on my own stunts. You know what I'm saying? That's the licensing like though, like do you have like a certain amount of time you can use songs for or how does That work? You know what, and you know this is, that's a really good question. So that's a licensing question. So usually what happens is if I'm watching the scene, if I'll figure out how long the song should be in there for and then we go out to get the song. So if you're an independent artist or whatever, you're gonna send in music, I understand this is how it works, you know, basically I'm gonna give you a fee and that's gonna clear the song off 'cause I may wanna change the, the length of the use as I watch it or we, you know, the editors cut it a little bit differently.


So I'm gonna give you a feed, you still own it, I'm just licensed it to use it on the show. But it could be anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes. You know, we usually get in and get out pretty quick 'cause nobody really sitting on the scene unless it's a montage. But that's a whole other story. Well I appreciate the conversation y'all. I'm outta questions. I don't got nothing. They ain't gimme no more. If I keep going somebody need to let me know 'cause I got 'em but I just don't know if I can keep going or not. Oh you got fix. Hi, my name is Ashley. My name on Instagram is exactly, I'm a content creator. Terry, after seeing small clicks, I just wanted to say shape up on a lace front. It's crazy. That's number one.


Real, real spicy. But I wanted to know two questions. One for you and one for Big Tank. So the question is, for the fashion, did you have any input? Because it is getting up there this season, that's number one. And number two is the second question for you. What's big you real music during the scene? What's the budget like? Hamed, Those are great question. Like are you working like a label when you're going out to these artists that you like, you know, you're bringing these artists in and stuff like that? Nah, Like I have like Emini here, I, I will license big label records like, you know what I'm saying? We definitely do that a couple times a an episode but be like, mom, I got a song on BMF. You know what I'm saying? Because if you get back to them, I feel like they're gonna, it's gonna continue to get back to us.


So like I have a whole podcast coming out soon called The Man Behind the Music and launching about a month and we literally are gonna be taking submissions from all y'all and breaking down the songs and showing up next to scenes and yeah, that's what we doing. So I see we're about to wrap up. Yeah, I was like yo, moving turn Ika And I don't for a little minute, Do you have a question? Yeah, Yeah I got a question but between, wait, so Jordan who played the character she Get Bread from Yeah that song. Yeah. So like if PE Can People download that song after season it's be Released like so Stars usually will put out like I do all the, all of the 50 cent shows. So raising Can and Ghost BMF for, if there's a song on the show that we have an artist perform, stars will put that, that song out there into the marketplace.


Make music too, bro. Yeah. I have a question. So take me in ta. How long did y'all shoot the last season for you? Six, seven months, five months. And y'all never talked about this? No, I didn't know like the independent arts and And wait, so you could sign Jordan too? I'm really good. That's not a conflict of interest because No, Nah, I Tell what I came From the music world, I just, damn like the labels and stuff like that I don Nah it's opportunities out there but We got to talk. Did you know he made music? Nah. What? Okay, we're about to wrap up because y'all ain't up here researching And I Sign that kid Noise a star there, you know what I'm saying?


We, he just figured something out. So when y'all signed that deal, can I please announce it exclusively on The Breakfast Club done? Absolutely. Alright, thank you y'all, thank y'all so much for being here. Appreciate that. Alrighty y'all. Well that was the conversation that I sat down with BMFs Da Vinci and Big Tank to have during the Roots Picnic. And y'all, I know that there's been a lot out there about the Roots picnic and you know what Emini here, but nature happened. He handled it the best that they could, but this conversation came out of that picnic. So I'm forever grateful for Stars inviting me out to have this conversation and for the Roots picnic for even happening. 'cause we wouldn't have had it. Let me know if you guys have enjoyed the conversation, if you'll be tuned in and what was your favorite part of the conversation.


Make sure you tweet me Instagram, repost this, all the things. I'm Laura la Rosa. I tell you guys every episode, you guys could be anywhere because at the end of the day there's always a lot to talk about and you could talk about it with anybody. I thank you guys for choosing me each and every time. I'll see you in my next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.