
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay, there you'll find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated, whether it's that vintage pearl necklace or brand new ruby earrings, a PR across body bag or classic watches like that Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah, eBay, the place for new pre loved vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Let's get, I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You know, if you don't lie about that. Right. Lauren Came in. Hi. Hello guys. It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. I am the homegirl that knows a bit about everything and everybody, and as always, the latest with Lauren. The Rosa is your dig on everything. Pop culture and those conversations that are going to shake the room. Now, today we are back with another episode. I'm here. Brandon's here. Yep. Yep. I'm back. We are Here. I'm, I'm in Sunday clothes. It's raining here in New York. And I actually like, we gotta get through this because I'm headed to a fitting with Romeo Hunt. Romeo is gonna be dressing me for the Met Gala after activities invites.


Just keep coming. Keep coming. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's Different. And I know how much you like your fashion, so watching things, things happen for you. It is, it's inspiring as well, just watching it. So that's dope. I'm happy for that. Thank you. I'm in a really good space. Like, I'm feeling like the seeds that I've been planting are starting to grow and that's a good feeling. You hung over from the strip club. I was hung. I was not at the strip club though. I was hung over. I feel like allergies are kicking my ass. But I'm good, y'all. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm happy y'all It. So let's get on into the latest. So Beyonce, we had talked a bit on The Breakfast Club and here on the podcast about Beyonce and the Cowboy Carter tour and you know, just things happening. But now Beyonce has been hit with a cease and desist.


So earlier this week Beyonce was hit with a cease and desist lawsuit because the Las Vegas Sphere. Sphere, the owners of the sphere, that word is kicking my ass, claim that Beyonce's production team used an image of the sphere without their permission. Which is crazy because legally it's like, yes, I get it in, they have an argument, but it's Beyonce. Like, I feel like you just like be happy that Beyonce used anything in relation to you. Like, what do you mean? No Emini here, looking into the story, it seemed a little petty. 'cause you know, they wanted her to perform at the sphere and she didn't reply to, what was it? James Dolan? They said the CEO of the sphere. She, he wanted her to perform and she never replied to him. So it seems like you can't use nothing about the sphere and none of your productions don't even acknowledge us anymore since you not, but that's what it felt like, you know, reading up on the story.


So You feel like without that whole background information or the background, her not performing there, they wouldn't have dropped this lawsuit? Yeah. I feel like, you know, things about relationships, if they had built that relationship of, you know, you just do this for me, I'll do this for you. And I don't think it's that, first of all, I want to know if it's can do, does he have a case? 'cause it's just a, a image of a building, right? Yeah. Like she used the, in the video she used the Eiffel Tower, she used the Statue of Liberty. She just used monuments that are recognizable in cities. Got you. So I don't see what the issue is here. So for context, so during the opening night of Beyonce's Cowboy Carter tour, so that was back on April 28th, Beyonce used the Las Vegas Sphere Sphere in one of the visuals that, like one of the interlude visuals now in the video.


So it's the two Hands to Heaven song. The one that Art Kelly's ex-wife Dre. Yeah, she depicted. So Beyonce is depicted as a hundred feet tall and she's striding through Las Vegas before she stops at the sphere. Then she lowers down before picking the venue up, tapping it with one of the f with one of her fingers and walking away with it in her hand. For those of you guys who are watching the video here on YouTube, you can take a look here for all the audio listeners. I'm describing it 'cause I know that you can't see it, but please go check it out. It'll be posted to the brown girl grinding Instagram into my Instagram. Lauren la Rosa. Now the clip went crazy because people were always hyped to see Beyonce visuals. But who you're talking about Madison Square Garden Boss James Dolan, he was upset about this and people were actually tweeting like, imagine you can't get booked Beyonce.


So now you mad and you send a lawsuit. Right? Yeah. The biggest issue that he had here was that because you saw her in the, with the sphere in Las Vegas, there was big speculation that her tour would be hitting there. So basically they feel like they were wrongly depicted or like, it was almost like a false advertisement that could have fell back on them to people that would've wanted to come and see her in Las Vegas. McCarthy went on to say that Bee's Interlude has caused significant speculation that she would end her tour with this Fear Residency. Because you remember some time ago there's, there's been right now, even right now still, there's rumors that Beyonce's supposed to do at Las Vegas residency. So people thought that this was her saying and signaling, because she does this in a lot of her art.


Taylor Swift does it as well, where they dropped these Easter eggs. Yeah. So people thought it was a Easter egg. Mm. So the letter, the cease and desist that was sent to her company, Beyonce's Company Parkway Entertainment, asked her to stop using the venue sphere without permission and the interlude so that it wouldn't cause any confusion. It has recently comes to SEC's attention. This is what the letter said, that a Cowboy Carter tour interlude video contains an Unauthorized use of E's intellectual property. The letter states, SEG is sure that multiple aspects of the interlude video, including other brands, clips, and music were duly cleared by the tour with rights permissions from stakeholders whose works were used in the video, as is common practice. SEG however, was never asked if, if the prominent appearance and manipulation of of EEGs sphere venue was could be authorized.


So basically what they're saying is, is y'all asked us to use a lot of other stuff and other people in this, so when it comes to music, other, you know, images or whatever, and in Las Vegas, you know that those buildings and the way that they look, it's all a part of the brand. And they, they do a lot of that like architecture on purpose. Right. And they make, they make up staples. Like you can think about like how certain places like Planet Hollywood and stuff like that look in Vegas. So from what I'm reading here, I think that they would have a case if she didn't go about this the right way, which confuses me because it's Beyonce. Yeah. So it's like, why wouldn't she? But it does seem a bit petty. Yeah, it does. It does seem a bit petty. Now I, I brought all that up because this lawsuit dropped and then there was more Beyonce tour news.


Yeah. So people have been talking about the tickets And I thought with the tour going viral, more people were going to just start buying the tickets. Yeah. Even though, you know, you don't got the money, but you know, it's like fomo. Yeah. Did you, like, I know, I don't know how much of a Beyonce thing you are, but did it make you wanna go and see the tour when you were seeing like, Rumi and, and like, you know, blue performing on stage and stuff? I've been hurt by a lot of Beyonce fans, so I, it's a weird little thing going on. You Like exs or like No, let's explore it. No. Nah, nah, nah. You alright? No, no, no. But I thought Irreplaceable different, huh? No, I thought it was more about the album. I think a lot of people weren't big fans of the actual album.


You The second person to tell me that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that's more of like Renaissance had like great and then I think it's that and then I think it's just money, the economy. I feel like it'll, tickets are expensive and like people are real selective nowadays with who they see live if like the big artists. I agree. So I I hearing like if you, if they're going to Kendrick or Chris Brown, you probably don't got Yeah. The, the bandwidth to be paying for Beyonce as well. Like those are, that's probably two stats right there Between the two, between Like including Outfits and travel and all that. I get it. But I don't know, I just feel like there's always like the FOMO thing, especially like with us, like we going, we gonna spend a dollar on what we wanna spend a dollar on if we feel like we're missing something or whatever. And I think, I don't know, maybe it's because Beyonce kind of just recently came off of the Renaissance tour.


'cause normally what Beyonce tour is for me, the hype is, is like, oh my God, I gotta get the ticket. I gotta get the ticket because I don't know when she's going back on tour again. Yeah. She just came off of a tour. So a lot of those fans did Renaissance now Car Cowboy Carter is here, there's rumors of a Vegas residency. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like maybe you feel like I'm gonna see her again. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. She's on tour a lot like people, she's not like, I don't feel like people aren't necessarily like missing her yet. People Have been saying though, that a lot of people felt like Renaissance was her last tour, but a lot of people felt like Cowboy Carter might be her last tour. Oh really? They said it every tour though. Yeah. Yeah. But a lot of people feel like that. But she's had some issues, you know, this last week, a couple hiccups on stage, which I know somebody getting fired. Yeah. You don't play Beyonce. I didn't see those. I saw, I saw you wrote it.


The didn't technical issues, Yo. Okay. So there was one of 'em where she couldn't find her mark on stage, like her ex on stage and she's like visibly looking for it. Yeah. Then there was another one where she had the, like there was, she was trying to take, there was like a stunt that she was doing with like a glove and she's holding her mic and like people are trying to take that off of her while she's on stage and she visibly looks pissed and she's normally really good about handling like when things are not going right. Like this is not, she just not her first rodeo of course. Oh, no pun intended. Because they be like, who taught Lauren? No pun intended. She always saying it like, I swear I'm a rapper. No, like double entendre don't play with me. But yeah, so the fact that she looked vis visibly upset and we all know it's Beyonce, she's the queen of live performance.


It's like, oh, somebody ain't gonna have a job. Yep. Yep. Somebody feel ain't getting no more free Cowboy Carter tickets. Yeah. And yeah, so people, I think people right now are still trying to figure out if it's worth going to not worth it because it's Beyonce. But basically if it's like if I'm spending my last dollar is the show, like, you know, monumental enough that I wanna spend my last dollar if I gotta choose. Pick and choose. Yeah. Yeah. And then you got these moments going viral, countering the other big moments where everybody was like, oh my God, you know, she got her babies out there, blue is dancing, we meeting roomy Now she just thinks her mom Tina knows on stage for, you know, yeah. New York Times bestseller for her matriarch book and then all this, you know, these little hiccups happen and people not centered on it.


I don't, I don't feel like you said you didn't even see it. That I didn't see that specifically. Okay. But yeah, I've, I've been seeing clips and the, the biggest thing I've been seeing is blues improvement and dancing. Like, bro, I almost couldn't believe it. Like, yo yo who is like, I first I see, I'm like, who is? And she look, I think she taught them Beyonce. Nah, who is that? Like she cooking. Yo, I lo I really love that because I remember a, a article came out that the slander she was getting from the first like videos that came out of her on tour motivated her to do better and now she's like, oh, she's a dancer now. Yep. I wonder if that's what she wants to do. Like, if she wants to go into that path and like it looked like she could keep up. Like even if in Beyonce's shadow, all right, this is a wild take. But was Beyonce dancing like that in her?


No. Beyonce? No, no, no, no, no baby. No. In the beginning of and in the beehive. And y'all could come and get me up if y'all want. 'cause people would be upset when you dissect anything Beyonce and don't just like give it to her all the way. Yeah. The beginning. No, Beyonce developed at Emini here. Destiny's Child had a stage present since they were moving. They were dancing, but the vehicle and the machine of Beyonce. Yeah. Like the whole Beyonce versus Sasha Fierce era. Like it was really cute and she was doing her thing before that, but she e evolved into this like machine of like, Who The hell is that? Yeah. Blue Ivy did that. So fa I would say faster. Yeah. Yeah. Or maybe we just are paying attention a lot more because of social media.


Yeah. But baby, when I saw Blue Ivy walk out the deja vu that open tonight. Yeah. Yeah. I said, oh, blue Ivy is t Yeah. And then I'm trying to like compare it to the professional dancers behind her to see if like she, but she's keeping up just Like Yo up, it's not like a nepotism like, oh I just wanna put my daughter on stage. She's, she's keeping up with this. Damn. I'm like, I'm wow, I'm Impressed eating up, up like crazy. Like Yeah. Even her faces too. Like she know when to Yeah, Yeah. The attitude faces stuff. Yeah. You know What be like, mm. Yeah. Nah. Well that's why I'm not dancing. Well, we'll see, I don't know if we, if we do get that Las Vegas residency and we get to see Blue on stage and you know what Emini here, it's probably not gonna happen at the Sphere now because of this cease and desist that was sent and they, you know, before when it was reported that she was doing the residency and it was gonna happen there, the negotiations fell through.


So for some reason, I don't know, Beyonce and that sphere team, they just can't figure it out. Yeah, yeah. Like they just can't get it together. So we'll have to, you know, it's The first few dates though, right? They got time to get their shit together. Well Beyonce's doing her, the tour that she's doing now doesn't have anything to do with the sphere, but because when the Las Vegas residency rumors dropped and then news had came out that if she did do the residency, it was going to be there. But then news came out that those negotiations fell through. Yeah. Like they couldn't, I don't, it was like demands from both sides that like, I guess they just weren't meeting in the middle correctly and then she was looking at other locations and then it just never happened. Mm. So that's why they're like, yo, you can't just throw us in your promo. Like now you got your fans thinking you bringing something here that's probably not, it's nothing on paper.


So there was negotiations. I thought there was, I thought she wasn't, she didn't reach back out to No, no, No, no, no. So Beyonce had a lost, so the New York Post actually I pulled up an article. Beyonce had a Las Vegas show scheduled at Allegiance Stadium on July 25th, 2025. Initially there were reports of a potential residency at the sphere, but those nega negotiations fell through then. Yeah. So, Okay. I thought she ignored them completely. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. So so it just didn't work out. No, it didn't work out that time. Yes. Gotcha, Gotcha. So moving on, what I'm excited about, 'cause this is the reason why I gotta get on up outta here and go to a fitting met gala, the MET Gala, the 2025 Met Gala is taking place in New York.


The theme this year is super fine tailoring black style. Now this is an ode to Black Dandyism and all of its were fine and sophisticated glory. Brandon, do you know anything that I just said? Nah, it was just mad words going, I started looking around the room, I'm like, yes, you, you got it. You got it. Either fashion girl, I let, Have you been seeing anything from the Met Gala on your timeline? I like to ask people outside of fashion how they view what's happening in fashion. I Saw the theme mostly, what was it? I forgot the name of it, but said around black people the, That said around black people. Most people are just excited about that. Yeah, yeah. A lot of people were like, you know what this is, I saw an interview when June Ambrose sat down with Complex and they talked about the MET Gala a couple months ago or a month or so ago.


A lot of people feel like this is Anna Wintour's because they put together the Met, you know, like the, this is their, this is their home. They feel like this is Anna Wintour's thank you to, to Andre Leon Talley. So Andre Leon Talley big force in fashion. He was an editor. He was like a lot of like the major black, not even just black celebrities because he had his hands in everything with everybody in a lot of the big fashion houses. But a lot of the big, you know, us black people in fashion, he would, he, he helped to like, kind of bring them to the forefront to develop them to say, to allow the couture world to meet them for the first time. Yeah. Because it wasn't a place where we were welcomed. And he was always one of, you know, if not the only black people that you would see front row at a lot of these couture shows in these couture houses.


Like he did so much just by his presence and, you know, doing everything that he did behind the scenes in front of the camera for black people in fashion, but for people in fashion in general. But he was a black man. You know what, what Emini here and he passed away and people felt like at the time when he passed away that Anna Winter and, you know, Vogue and, you know, just that whole couture world didn't do enough for him. Like he was even like at the time when he passed away, there was conversations about like, you know, his family struggling to pay for his funeral and just like, wow. Which was crazy because when you think about who he was as a, a journalist as a editor at large for Vogue, creative director stylist, like money, just an American fashion hero. He, there have been reports of him going through money things for some time before his passing.


Yeah. But I think people just, he gave so much. Yeah. He gave so much art artist wise, you know, just, he, he was radical renaissance, you know, some of the things he did and said, showing up with the big capes, just his looks, people just expected more. So I think some people feel like this is her, her thank you to him for everything he contributed while being a editor at large at Vogue and all that stuff. But yeah. So the theme, the theme is tailoring black style, super fine Taylor and Black style Dandyism is a sub conversation that is happening around the theme because it's, people are taking it real black. Black Dandyism is looked at as like stylish, elegant, think about, you know, dapper Dan in the suits.


Think about, I'm trying to think who else I would describe as Dandy. Oh, okay. Dandy like Coleman Domingo. Okay. Like, you know, like suited booted. There's a lot of origins and a lot of history to it. Like at one point in time, people, you know, were having conversation about Dandyism in a way of like, okay, it's connected to slavery and it was a way for us to assimilate, like kind of get away from the idea of slavery and to be looked at as like something Yeah, there's two sides of that. So that was our take on it. But on the other side, you know, white people and, and their take on Dandyism during that time where we were trying to simulate and let people know like, we are more than how our slave masters presented us.


Not to get too deep, but I think that this is important. White people would use it as a way to like, almost, you know, how you stage a home when you're trying to sell it. Yeah. They would dress up their slaves like that and sell them as luxury goods. Damn. Yes. Now the Met Gala is actually outside of just getting, flying people having a good time. It's connected to the actual museum itself and it brings attention to like, you know, different like the, a curated exhibit that they do within that museum that, you remember that one year they put Rihanna in the Met Museum? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you know it on the back end, it raises money for different things and you know, it it it's, there's actual substance to it. Yeah. But we like to see people get fly. So a lot of people are looking out for ASAP Rocky, who's one of the co-chairs.


Coleman Domingo because he's always in the suit. Yeah. Yeah. So why not Lewis Hamilton Formula one driver? He be fly. Pharrell Williams, who's also a co-chair, LeBron James is a co-chair this year. Celebrities though that people are really looking forward to Doce and I'm so excited for Doce because number one ass is so on brand for her. Huh? She gonna come but ass naked again. Sorry, go ahead. No, I think she's actually gonna have on clothes. All right. I'm Looking forward. You can't tell her your ass snuck it Or Ken, you I'm looking forward to that. Can you, you'll have some Hayes matches pieces. Listen, the people were excited for Doce Doci actually posted this picture. I don dunno if you saw it, but she did this tribute to Andre Leon Talley, like when she f like her fly when she, beginning of the weekend when she started stepping out for the events.


And when I saw this picture of Doci, I was like, okay, this year maybe people won't be so off theme and so off of understanding the nature and the history of the theme that like, we gonna be like, what the heck is going on? Know a lot of people are are just kind of nervous and the, the name of that book, Monica Miller, who's also helping to plan, you know, and, and like, you know, she's just helping to curate a bit when it comes to the Met Gala Monica Miller, who is the author of a 2009, a 2009 book called Slaves to Fashion Black Dandyism In the Styling of Black in the Styling of the Black Spore Identity. They're gonna draw from different things in her book. So the different literature from her book that talks about, you know, just performance and how performance translates into fashion and dress when it comes to black dandyism.


So it's supposed to be like a real, like, I feel like we, we might leave off feeling like we just left church. Like it's gonna be real deep. Yeah. That's that when you're describing, I'm thinking like maybe like Baptist Sunday's finest kind of Outfit. See, but even that, I feel like you can lean into Dandyism there because it's like the hats, it's the, you know what Emini here, you gotta come to church a certain way. We have, we as black people have always used fashion to assimilate or to tell a story. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So like, I love when we have a chance to kind of like put that on display. I hate that it doesn't happen as often at this level as it should still, but you know what I'm saying? Like we do what we do and we do it. I do think though some people are nervous because people be off brand with it. People could be, it could low key give a little racist depending on who you are and what you wear.


So be careful. I'm looking forward to With the white people gonna be. Yeah. So taking it to the streets. You for the tweets, we, we outside we every other page Gold, the Met Gala 2025 anticipation has been the biggest thing that I've seen on X. So tempting Tony under Tweeted, everybody's hashed, everybody's teasing. The Met Gala looks y is nothing good. Like they look nice, but nothing has moved me. All of it's so cerebral And I guess it's to the point. But I'm tired of archive pulls. Archive pulls all the time. Do you know what an archive pull is? I know what an archive is And I know where the pool is, but when you put the words together It is so it's the same thing. It's like you pulling from like a vintage brand. So Okay.


Basically like a lot of times with, with the Met Gala, people feel like, oh these celebrities get their stylists to go pull these like ancient like vintage luxury pieces, but you still look like nothing. Gotcha. Like it ain't giving nothing. And that's the biggest thing. Have you ever watched the Met Gala carpet and been like, what the hell are people wearing? Yeah. Yeah. That's what people are, are scared of. That's what this tweet is saying. Okay, Got you. And then somebody else tweeted it says MoMA Yola. I'm so nervous for the Met Gala after sing is theme. Like we could probably witness the most offensive shit ever with the way 2025 has been going. Do, do, do, I don't know, dot, dot dot. Not the maga mommies at the Met galas, The Mag Tommy Lra, please just stay home.


I don't even feel like it. Like I really, I don't know Candace Owens like whoever, whatever. One of y'all girlies just not please. I can see it. Yes. Trump say you not running for a third term. So I feel like he going start showing out and Trump try to go out with a Bay. If Trump came to this Met Gala, I would just instantly be offended because I feel like if He meant fly though, if he what? If he had the the best fit on there, leave it To black men to always just have room and hope for Trump. It's crazy. All right. Fuck It. Alright y'all, we gonna wrap it up here. So I've given y'all a lot of the background. This Met Gala talk for anybody who did not know what was going on.


Now I feel like in my heart, Jason Rule going be there now I hype myself up now I got lot that shit. What you trying to bet? If he gonna go number one and then if he's going fall again this year, Ooh. Or not fall allegedly whatever. I'll bet it all. I'll put it All the time. All right. We bet. We betting $10. Okay. All I'm betting that he You bet he's gonna go. Yeah, I think he's gonna be there. I feel like he's tired of all of the like I did not fall. I did not fall. But if you know what, maybe I should try to run into Jason Darulo and get him falling just one time for, you know What I'm saying? Just a little front flip. Pinky promise that you gonna pay the bet when I win? Yeah. Alright. I got Pinky promise. All Right. Yet I don't trust you, you date, you date white women.


I don't trust you. I do not. I do not that. So we'll see if Jason Duro shows up, if he falls or not. If Rihanna shows up and just all of the dandyism that is gonna hit the carpet, I'll be running out and about. Make sure you guys are following me at Lauren, the Rosa everywhere. This has been the latest with Lauren, the Rosa. And I tell you guys every single time, if you're right here with me talking about these topics, I appreciate you because at the end of the day, y'all could be anywhere, but y'all are right here. Thank you. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.