
This is an iHeartPodcasts. Let's, I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in Everybody. You hear that exclusive, you know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey guys, it's Lauren La Rosa and this is another episode of the Latest with Lauren La. I'm your home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody, and this is your jelly Dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, and the conversations that shake the room. Lowriders, you know, I'm your host. I'm Lauren La Rosa, and checking in behind the scenes of the grime, Back on the grind Today, I'm feeling productive.


I'm getting a lot done today. It is midweek. You guys know, heading into a holiday, Juneteenth, there's always anticipation because you don't have to work. You get the, you know, spend time with your family, spend time doing things that you typically don't have time to do during the week. So for me, I was like, okay, being that this holiday is in the middle of the week, I wanna try and get as much done as I can prior to the holiday so I can actually spend the holiday like a holiday. Yes, y'all know me. So I will still be working, we will still have podcast episodes, all the things, right? But the full bulk of feeling like my day is dedicated so much to other people and work, work, work, work, work, work, work is not what I wanna be doing on Juneteenth.


I wanna be celebrating, you know, being black, being, you know, all things black girl, you know what? Emini here, just honestly, it's taking the time to just decompress and celebrate. Like, Juneteenth has become such a holiday since The World decided to act like black people are the shit. Because we have been, and y'all know, I don't cuss on the podcast, but I feel like that customer was necessary. But it, it has become such a holiday. When I was living in LA every year for Juneteenth, we would go to the huge block party barbecue that they do in LA, but in Inglewood. But since being in New York, I feel like I haven't had the chance to actually celebrate Juneteenth, which I've really tried to prioritize to do because it just feels good you outside you with your people, you got the music playing for some reason.


Every time I think about Juneteenth, I think about the song Sounds of, sounds of blackness, the, as long as you keep that song, y'all know that song. Hopefully y'all know that song if you do not know that song. Let me look it up. I want y'all to know that song because that is my Juneteenth theme song. And I don't know if that's like very cliche. I honestly don't care. 'cause that is my song, that is my go-to for Juneteenth. What is it? It's called, oh yes, it's Sounds of Blackness by Optimistic, yes, sounds of Blackness, by Optimistic is my Juneteenth Go-to song at that end. I'm Black y'all. I'm Black, y'all.


And you just wake up, you go to the cookout, see, everywhere you go, it's just Emini here. Every day is a celebration of being who you are and being black, but Juneteenth, it just feels like the whole world is stopping to do it. So I've been getting a lot of things done, being very disciplined about getting things done by a certain time. Getting my sleep in, being prepared for all the things. So I'm feeling good if you guys cannot tell, I'm, I feel like I sound like things are organized and they're flowing as well too. So I hope y'all are feeling well out there as well. And y'all know, now we gotta get into the latest. So I saw this story And I thought that it was really, really interesting.


I honestly, I was like, man, I wish more people were, were, you know, diving into this conversation. So it's been reported by Us Weekly, the Grio and Essence Magazine. That actress, Jodi Turner Smith has pinned a letter to her ex-husband, Joshua Jackson, who is also an actor. And this letter is, is a letter that comes in the midst of their custody battle. Now, for those who are not familiar with Jodi Turner Smith, you guys will know her, probably most notably from Queen and Slim Joshua Jackson, also an actor. I watched him in the Affair, but I know a lot of people who also know him from Dawson's Creek as well and the Mighty Ducks.


So they were married, they were married for some time, they actually got a divorce in, their divorce was finalized back in May of 2025. But you know, their custody battle, their, their battle in in the midst of this, even though their divorce is finalized, has been one that has made news headlines, which is why I was so confused when I saw this letter that it didn't pick up more. Not that I care that it didn't pick up, because that's what I love about the podcast is that we can dive into conversations that other people might not be having. But I was just very surprised because everything with their divorce has been so, like, people pick it up like insanely because that's how it was about their relationship as well too. So she, following their divorce in May of 2025, it was decided that their divorce would break down to Joshua Jackson paying $2,787 a month in child support.


And then there was a lump sum of spousal support that was paid out as well. But within the last month, there's been reports of Joshua Jackson and Jody Turner Smith going back and forth about things like their daughter. And their daughter is is young, their daughter is five years old. Well, some places report she's four, but some places report she's five, but she's young. Their daughter is under nine years old and they've been going back and forth about where she's gonna go to school and just what custody looks like between the two of them because they're both really involved parents. So Jody Smith Turner's letter is about the role of a mother in a child's life, especially a girl, a young girl, especially when you're dealing with two parents who are now separated.


More specifically, she's talking about the role of a black mother in a biracial child's life, especially a biracial daughter. So the letter starts, hi Josh, thank you for your message. I appreciate your recognition of how fluid the production timeline can be. Your willingness to accommodate the fluidity truly makes a difference. And when she talks about production timeline, she's talking about a show that she's shooting. So then she goes on. I'm also so glad that we agree that our share goal is to provide Juno with as much stability, consistency, and meaningful time with both of us as possible. I hear and appreciate your point, that that is ultimately her time with each of us and not the other way around.


The framing feels very important. This arrangement allows Juno to enjoy a true sense of continuity and presence. Something we both value. She's excited about our travel plans And I believe this stretch of time will allow her to feel deeply grounded and connected during a season that's naturally more open and flexible. Now again, I mentioned that all of this is happening in the midst of them having these like custody conversations, right? And more recently, when it was about a month ago when reports came out that they were having issues over determining a schooling determination between the two of them. And then the custody, the conversation with custody was about their daughter Juno's summer schedule and like where she would spend her time, summer, how that time would be broken down and what she would be doing.


So Jo Jodi continues, I want to raise a subject as something that has been weighing heavily on me and is grounded not just in instinct or emotion, but in widely established research. Before Juno was born, you And I spoke at length about what she would need to grow into a strong, self-assured young person. Center to those conversations was the importance of the maternal bond and more specifically the critical role that being close to her black mother would play in shaping her identity and self-esteem. Research consistently shows that for biracial children, particularly with a black mother, that connection is not peripheral, it is foundational. It plays a vital role in identity formation, emotional resilience, and a long-term physical wellbeing.


These aren't abstract ideas. They've lived daily realities that ju know is already beginning to experience. And the consistency of our time together, especially when school is out and their space for deeper connection, is one of the most effective ways to support her through them. The vision we once shared hasn't changed, and it begins here in ensuring that Juno is not only protected, but affirmed, reflected and deeply rooted in who she is. So I wanna talk a bit before we get into, you know, just where, you know, opinion on this letter and, and all the things. I wanna talk a bit about the custody conversation that I brought up. So according to reports, and actually TMZ is the one who broke this story.


There were legal documents that were filed back in May of 2025. It was actually May 3rd. So it was right before single de Mayo of this year. And in the filing, Joshua and Joshua Jackson and Jody were figuring out more the divorce settlement. But what specifically, they had to use a mediator to come up with a temporary schedule to figure out what the 50 50 custody would look like with their daughter. Now here's what they can't agree on. So they agreed where Juno is gonna go to school eventually, like they got to that agreement, right? And that was a part of the report says that that was one of the things that they could not figure out. So in this most recent filing, they were able to agree on that. And then after that, Jody was asking for a judge to force Joshua to adhere to a court order that gives her the power to pick elementary school.


So it's, it's more so about where she's going to go to school next. And the issue is that Jody is basically asking for their daughter Juno to go to a new school next year. But she says that Joshua Jackson is not having that. Like he's sending in the way of that. Now she says that she's researched this new school, she talked about it with Joshua Jackson and made sure it was close enough to his home as well, but he's refusing to get on board now. So that's the school situation. So baby girls in school, the school she's at currently is fine. It's about where she's going next as far as the the summer schedule. Jody Turner is as she's wanting to spend five weeks with her daughter in Europe, which she said will allow their daughter Juno to enjoy a true sense of continuity and presence, which is what I was referencing.


Something that they both value. But Joshua Jackson is, is pushing back against this because he's saying it would leave him without seeing his daughter for at least a month. Now, Jody is also asking that their daughter Juno, you know, with within these travel plans, be able to stay with her in Morocco while she's working there. That is the production schedule they were referencing. But Joshua is standing, he sent those down with saying, we need to have a, a meaningful conversation about this because any travel arrangements in involving their daughter, including the location, the schedule and all these things, he wants to have a conversation about it before he makes actual decision. And Jody has actually said to him as well, like, look, I know it's summertime, so if you have specific travel plans or you know, anything that you wanna do, just let me know so that we can talk about it ahead of time.


But I do want you to talk to me about it before you take it to our daughter. Because you know, it's like once you tell a kid something and she says this, and Jody Turner says this in, in her documents that she filed, she says, you know, once you tell a kid something, then it causes confusion and it causes disappointment. And I don't want that. Now I'm, I'm, listen, I understand Jody's point, you know, Jody Turner, I understand her point, right, because I'm, look, I'm not biracial. Both my parents are black Emini here, as you guys can tell. But I hope she doesn't mind me telling this story. She knows who I'm, who I'm talking about.


She's listening to the podcast. But I have a biracial friend who I got really, really close to when I was living in LA and until I got close to her, I didn't even understand, nor did I think that there was a like a, a struggle or a world of things that biracial children went through. I remember one time we were in a grocery store and we were leaving a grocery store and we pulled out of the grocery store and there was a woman who was pulling in to take our spot and then there was another car waiting behind us. And the way that we backed up, the woman wasn't able to get into the spot. So the car behind us was able to pull in. So as we're going around the woman, and it's a white woman, she yells the n word out of the window and oh my God, it pi like I Emini here.


I was like, whatever old white lady, whatever. It pissed my friend off so bad. And I was like, yo, why do you care so much about this woman that you don't even know? You know what? Emini here, like, we're in the car. You don't know this woman. Obviously she's mad about the parking space. She's gonna say anything. You make you mad. I've learned to just let ignorant people be ignorant because I've, I've dealt with it And I know who I am. So I know I'm not the n word with a hard er. You know what Emini here, I know I'm an educated, beautiful black woman. Like it's different. But when I say it pissed her off, it pissed her off to the point where we had to pull over for her to gather herself and get herself together. Like she was crying, she was emotional. It was a whole thing. And as I'm talking to her, I'm realizing like, wow, like her identity of self when it comes to her as a black woman, because she has a black parent and a white parent, it's not as strong.


Like anything can kind of shake her. And it's because she grew up not as close to her black side of her family. So the black identity that she did have and that she gained from friends in school and community, whenever that was like tested or questioned, no matter how big or how small the way that it would throw her off, I I I had never experienced anything like it. And I think, And I even think once we begin to talk about it more, I'm like, yo, why did that bother? I get it, it's racial and anybody hearing that, it's going to bother them. But it's sad to say, but it's like Emini here. Letting ignorant people be ignorant is just a thing that I've, it's kind of like, not not a coping me mechanism, but it's, it's just one of those things.


It's things, it's like the same way when I walk into a store, I, my first thing is let me not bring big bags in here. 'cause I don't want them to think I'm stealing. Whereas another person who don't look like me or who is white passing does not have to think about that type of stuff. It's just something that I know to do. So for me, let ignorant people be ignorant unless it's right in my face. And I, you know what Emini here, like, that's different, but we're in a car, we're pulling off like it's whatever. But in talking to her, what I learned and what I realized was that anytime her black side of anything was questioned, she, she wasn't sure about it enough to stand firm. And I'm gonna just let ignorant people be ignorant.


'cause I know that's not how I identify. She couldn't stand in that because she wasn't, it wasn't instilled in her from her black side of her family. So she's never fully been able to like, identify with that. And, and the closest thing in proximity she has to identify with it is what she's taught herself. It didn't come from a place of love or from people who love her and, and not even from people who love her. Because, you know, as her friend, I love her, like that type of thing, but not from her mother or like, you know, someone that's more like the, like maternal or nurturing in her life. So it just, her experience and walking through The World was so different. And she was always not black enough for the black kids and not white enough for the white kids, right? So she's always been trying to figure out where the identity lied and what she identified with the most, right?


Which were, which was her black side because of her friends and her school she went to and all those things. She had an adopted mom who raised her who was also black. But again, it's different. It's not your, it's not your natural. Like, it's not your your mom who birthed you. So there's just all these questions that she's trying to figure out. I tell you guys this story to say that I realized in that moment and being friends with her and in, in that particular moment that there was just something different about being raised to know that as a black person in this world or as a black, specifically a black woman in this world, to know your brilliance and to know your, just your wholeness and where that comes from, like who teaches it to you and how you get to know it.


It's such an important thing and it's, it's a everyday thing in a black household. And it's something that we don't even think twice about as we were raising children or, you know, me being the child of a, a mother who was black. But when I began having conversations with my biracial friend And I began to realize that like she didn't have that study, like to stand on two feet about that. It was, and it was because of what she lacked in her upbringing. When I read this letter, and this letter is a couple days old as well. So it's been out, you know, not, not this letter, but the letter that was included in the filing is a couple days old. So it's been out, when I read it, I'm like, man, I can really, I like, I hear her And I understand her now, whether or not Joshua Jackson will understand her, because at the end of the day, no matter how much, you know, empathy, a person that is not black has for us and what we need and how we need to be poured into in order to navigate in, in The World, no matter how much of that you have, is still different.


Being a black man, raising a black child with a black woman versus being a white man, raising a child with a black woman. So whether he's gonna fully understand that or not is, is one thing. And I, you know, we'll see how this plays out. And I think that it is so evolved for, you know, even though their relationship didn't work out for them to even be having those conversations because it is a real thing, wishing him the best. We will, you know, I I'll stay abreast to, you know, the filings and kind of what happens and where they land. 'cause it seems like he's not being just hard about her request for no reason. It, it's just a, a it's a parental thing. It's like a, hey, I understand all of that, but I'm her father too. He even says in one of the documents that he says, I don't think that all location tutoring can approximate the importance of what Juno has received by attending school and being in a consistent peer environment this year.


Her social and emotional development and her academic achievement this year have been truly extraordinary. And, and this is him responding in, in basically saying like, you know, as she's traveling, like, yes, it's amazing. She'll get to learn these things. She'll get to be with you, but as school finishes and we want to, you know, nurture her, you know, socially and academically still throughout the summer as she prepares to go back into school traveling and, and, and, you know, not having, you know, that peer to peer consistency, it could interfere and, and tutoring is different than being in school and being with their friends and all those things.


Like, it seems like, you know, they're trying to accommodate for the lives that they live at as celebrities. But he's also reminding Jody, like, there is a level of consistency and, and normal normalcy that you wanna provide for a child as well too. Let me know what y'all think about the conversation. I I think that it is definitely one worth having, especially as we go into Juneteenth celebrating all of, you know, the blackness and all these things. And that's so ironic. I didn't even tie the two together when I was prepping this, but it's ironic how they both tied together talking about celebrating Juneteenth and everything that is your blackness that day and every day. But that day specifically, and then this story Now as we head on outta here in the latest we have Jamie Fox.


Jamie Fox sat down for this really interesting interview with BET. He was honored at BETE received an icon of award for his legacy, his career, all of the things during the 2025 BET awards, which was amazing to see. You guys knew I was in LA for the award show, but there was an interview that released, I watched the interview yesterday and it was such a great interview. Jamie Foxx talked about everything from, you know, who taught him. He talked about Harry Belafonte teaching him how to be a black man and, and what that responsibility looked like. He talked about do you even have to have responsibility as a black person or as a black entertainer.


He talked about, you know, just his abilities and, and doing the things that he's able to do and his career and, you know, all, all of the things. But he brought up one thing that I thought was very interesting. He talked about social media and just being famous right now and, and how it is so different than when he got started and what he wished for. I tell people all the time, this is, be careful what you wish for. 'cause I'm a gregarious dude And I just want to have fun. And, and, and sometimes people will take advantage of that, especially in today's world now, where, you know, you gotta be careful. Everything is looked at, everything is scrutinized.


So I, I do a thing in my new standup. I'm going out on a new standup called Victory Lap. Okay, yeah. On Hulu. But I talk about how fame is not necessarily fun anymore. Mm. Back in the day, fame was cool. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But now, you know, it is kind of number, it is tough, you know, and what's crazy is everything that you're doing could be negated in one post. Yeah. This conversation was unique coming from a Jamie Fox because Jamie Fox is a part of that celebrity group who he still remembers what it was like to be famous pre-social media, but he is a huge celebrity. So he can't escape life post social media either.


When Jamie Fox was going through his health battle, I remember being at TMZ and you know, one of the things that you learn in the newsroom about developing exclusives and working on stories is you always find an angle in, whenever you blocked out one way, you find an angle in another way. And I've worked on many stories from TMZ to now in my career with The Breakfast Club. And, you know, in trying to find angles and find ways into stories, a bit less invasive at The Breakfast Club, thank God. But in trying to find my way into these different stories, I, I still come up on roadblocks where I'm like, okay, what's another way in? Can I, you know, if the attorney don't wanna talk, what about the publicist? What about the manager? What about the whatever? Jamie Fox, when he was going through his health scare, when I tell y'all we couldn't find no way in, we, like everything was shut down.


His family did a really good job of protecting him through that and making sure that not too much slipped. There were certain things that still got out, but they controlled the narrative. We didn't see him like they controlled as much as they could so well, and in a social media time with a name like Jamie Foxx, who comes from the real era of celebrities, y'all know how hard that is. So to hear him talk about just, you know, thinking of fame one way, wishing for fame one way, getting it, and then it being so different than what you experienced, especially now with social media. I, I was like, wow, that's very ironic because in all of my career, working the story and, and, and reporting the story of Jamie Foxx and what he was going through in his health scare was probably one of the toughest stories that we worked on.


Number one, because it's Jamie Fox and he's so beloved and you, we just didn't know what was happening and you want him to be okay, but also they j his family held it down. We couldn't get, there was nothing, nothing leaking on social, nothing. So I'm like, you know, for him to complain about it, I'm like, man, it seem like y'all got it on lock over there. Like y'all, y'all got it down pack over there. Jamie Fox though, I'm not even gonna lie. Y'all definitely do. I've experienced it firsthand, but I think there is a point to what he's talking about though. It's like even when he mentioned the, you know, like one post and everything you've worked for could just be negated, like one post on social media and the, the court of public opinion can cause a downfall of so many different things. That is like the scariest part of a lot of the things that I'm experiencing today in, in this time.


And I look at, you know, people like Jamie Fox and you know, Gabrielle Union, Tara, GP Henson, and you know, all of these major, oh my god, Carrie Washington. There's so many major names that I look to. I think Anne Hathaway does a really good job of being present on social media, but you know, you don't really know too much of her business. Like there are a lot of celebrities that I look at and I'm like, they do a really good job of still remaining that mystique of I'm a celebrity, you can't know everything and I'm not gonna give you everything. But still using social media to a point where you feel connected with them. Carrie Washington owned Twitter during the scandal days, but we knew nothing about her personal life until she told us those type of, you know, celebrities in that age a celebrity.


It's like the younger the celebrities get, the more the the that dies out. It, it, it, it just, it's disappearing and it's, it's nerve wracking a bit, especially as like things are growing for me, myself, but it's also nerve wracking a bit too because it causes a like a whole genre of media and conversation and just noise of people who will do and say anything. And then it's hard to negate through that because there's not a lot of people out here doing the due diligence. I was literally just talking about this the other day for what I do, not even just here on the podcast, but for Breakfast Club, like, you know, waking up in the morning, I'm looking through stories, trying to figure out what to talk about.


A lot of times I'm trying to develop my own news though my own angles in as I just mentioned exclusives. But when I don't have that sometimes it's like, okay, let me see what The World is talking about. And I've been feeling like over these last couple weeks like, man, so much of this stuff is noise. I'm scared to even report certain things, even if valid dot coms are reporting it. Because things are just so, things are just so misconstrued. Like people can paint any narrative they want nowadays because of social media and then it makes a.com or it makes a news report and that is so scary and it's just getting worse. So to know that it's still affecting someone as big as a Jamie Fox, I'm like man, he's like, Jamie Fox is like pinnacle entertainer.


It's not about being a black entertainer. He is pinnacle entertainer. Like every, there's nowhere you go that is not gonna know a Jamie Fox and he's still being affected by it. I'm like, it's over for the rest of us. We ain't got a shot in HE double hockey sticks. If Jamie Fox is feeling like this, it's like man, what do I have to look forward to? Well speaking of social media, I'm gonna take you guys outside to the tweets. You for the, we outside. We outside outside every other page. Gold in the streets. I tweeted something and when I tell y'all that people are in my mentions going crazy, like going and saying so I wanna get y'all take on it, right?


Okay, so I retweeted this, this tweet, it says Ti or Jeezy who had the better first five album run. So they've got tis sir, tis trap music, ti subtitle album, ti Ti King and then Ti versus Tip First Five Ti Albums. Then you got Jeezy. So you have Young Jeezy Thug, let's get it Thug Motivation 1 0 1, young Jeezy, the Inspiration Young Jeezy The Recession, young Jeezy Thug Motivation 1 0 3, hustlers Ambition, and Young Jeezy seen it all the autobiography. Now I said Jeezy and granted it's hard anytime you talk about Jeezy and ti in a conversation, especially comparing the two, but just in general, like anytime people bring them up in a competitive way, I think people are always so competitive because these are two artists who literally changed the face of trap music and everything that they've touched, like they've culturally influenced and left a mark in a way that like you're gonna feel so tied to the change that you felt when they're, when, when they were doing, when they were really in the, the crevices of doing their thing.


Right? So I get it, but for me, I don't know, I felt like, and I'm not, this is not me saying that ti i's First five albums wasn't a run. That's not what I'm saying. I just think that Jeezy's was a better first five album run. Now I wanna know what y'all think because the people online, they're like, what? So someone said, I'm gonna have to roll with Young Jeezy tip. Set it up though. Then another one said, Lauren, how old are you? Where were you back in these days? Because you wasn't really outside. I could tell by your choice. I was like, whoa. Then someone else said, I'm gonna choose both but Tip hands down.


And then somebody agreed with, oh, somebody just said you bugging out cash two four s one on x said you bugging out with all due respect. I gotta respond to that one 'cause that one's kind of funny. Let me know what y'all think though. So this is more about what I want. I want you guys to get on my X account. I'm Lauren La Rosa on x, my post Ti Jeezy, who had the better first album, first five album run. Let me know what y'all think because I'm not even arguing back with the people. I, I feel that way because I feel like Jeezy's song, like when, when you talk about full bodies of work all the way through, and again, I'm not taking away from ti I think it's just a personal choice.


I just personally, I can name you multiple songs of multiple, one multiple up multiple of these albums. Is that, is that how you say the sentence? I don't even know how to talk. That's how you know the episode is ending. I can name you multiple songs from multiple of these albums because I was, and maybe too I may, maybe I'm just a bigger Jeezy fan. Y'all let me know what y'all think. I think it's a personal choice, personal opinion. I think both of them were very influential. I think they're, you know, first few album run. Like I said, it changed the way that we even talk about trap music, music from the south. I think they both have done things that you're never gonna forget. Sounds that you're never gonna forget. Hooks, bars that you're never gonna forget.


But personally it's cheesy for me what y'all think. Let me know At the end of the day there is always a lot to talk about and you guys could be anywhere with anybody talking about it, but you choose to be right here with me And I appreciate you guys for that. I'm Lauren Rosa. I will see you guys in my next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.