
Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive, giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding, living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardee's siding withstands severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Quest. Love the Story Pirates and John Glickman Historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne. God. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. We made it to the end of the week, y'all. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. Great. Weekend is here. Weekend is here. You know, we had a great week. It was a fantastic week. What? Anyway. Yes. Thank God the weekend is here. We Here. We alive, man. Come on, y'all. That We are. That we are. Yes. Jonathan Majors came yesterday. He gonna be joining us this morning. I missed that interview. How was that?


Jonathan Majors Interview was fantastic. It was amazing actually. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did he talk about everything? Mm. Here and there. He did. He was very happy to have locked down his Coretta though. He just got married and that, that was, I went straight in with that. That was amazing though. Don't Tell him. Oh, he just asked. Okay. Jesus Christ. I'm just saying you you was telling the movie. I was trying. You did a No, you did tell a movie. I was trying not to. No, you as excited. You watched one goddamn movie because you never watched nothing. I do. No you don't. I do. It just was the fact that when you're having these conversations and the movie just comes out today before the, before everybody in The World gets to see it. It is just hard to have the conversation.


'cause you want to talk about things that you saw. And this movie Magazine Dreams, I'm telling you right now, it is really, really, really good. Yeah. I ain't never seen nobody act like Jonathan Majors acted in this movie. Ever. Like that man is gifted. You ain't never seen nobody act like that in Nigga. You Heard what I just said. I ain't never seen nobody act like Jonathan Majors acted in this movie. I've never seen nobody play a role like this and play it as in as intense as he did. You know what I would compare it to? And, and Jonathan was more intense. Heath Fledger in the Joker type stuff. Oh, you meet Gobbler now What? You see so Better than Heath Ledger. Better than I didn't say. I said More Intent than Denzel Is done. I said, more intent better than Denzel is who In, in any movie.


Yes. I ain't never seen Denzel play no role like this. Mm. I've never seen Denzel play no role. Like, I'm gonna watch this movie soon. I get back here now. I'm just telling you I ain't, I I'm, did You ever see Im Sam when Sean Penn played the mentally challenged father? No, I never Seen That Was really good. Dang. But, but it, but it's, you gotta watch it. Wait, when you see it, you'll see. You'll know what I'm talking about. See y'all. Y'all sleeping on it 'cause it got Zeus on it. What I'm telling you about that? No, no, no. And I just found that it's gonna be in theaters. It's not just gonna be in on Zeus that you know, it's gonna be Oh, theater. Were supposed to be on Zeus. No producing it. Oh, Zeus produced It. Yeah. Yeah. They produced it. Lee. Lee. What's Lee last name? Lamel. Lamel. Lamel. Yeah. Lamel produced it. Okay. So it was just produced. So Plumber. It's not Plumber. Not plumber.


It is Lamel Plummer. It Is. It is Lemi. Lamel Plumber. It is it Plumber. CEO of Zeus. Yep. Oh, yes. I never know what you sometimes I'm just telling you said theaters today and Jonathan Majors will be here next hour when y'all see Magazine Dreams. We'll talk about it again on Monday. Okay. All Right. I kept telling you to watch it all week, but you wanna watch Tyler Perry? No, no, No, no, no, no. And that was good too. No. Beauty and Black is great. No, I had to watch Duplicity and give a review on it. You know, that's the new one that just came out. So go and see that guys. And also Salute to s the Sacony is how you pronounce it. Scon Scones. They dropped some sneakers off for us. So Salute to Scon. Amazing. I came in, saw the box, And I was like, oh wow. I'm getting G. Wow. Pretty nice. That's nice. All right, well let's get the show Crack and, and we got front page news. Morgan wanna be breaking everything down and then of course, get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Lil Mary J Blazer. Start the weekend all a little. No play will be happy Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning everybody. And happy Friday. We definitely could use a little bit of happiness, right? Charlamagne? I liked it. I liked it. Well, I gotta start off weight before you do. I gotta start off with some sports last night, bro. All the madness. Ronnie James scored 17 points, five assists, three bounds. He actually led the Lakers in scoring Nice. Last night. But they lost to the bucks. But he did good. That's Good. Yeah, he did good. I just wanna put it out there. We talk about when he does bad, but we gotta talk about what he does good too.


We don't talk. I like that. What everybody does, they do. We don't, but Go ahead. This is the first good game. Yes, it was. All right. Oh, my Emini here. It wasn't, he ain't lying. Let's get into the news. Okay. Front page. All right, let's get into it. So President Trump, he wants to dismantle the Department of Education. So yesterday he signed an executive order, aimed at dismantling the department and said, everyone knows it's the right thing to do after looking at test scores of us children. He believes the power should be returned to the states. Let's take a listen to President Trump's comments. After 45 years, the United States spends more money on education by far than any other country.


Yet near the bottom of the list in terms of success, we're going to be returning education very simply back to the states where it belongs. And this is a very popular thing to do, but much more importantly, it's a common sense thing to do. I don't know, I don't know anything about this, but do the states have wanting to fund their own educational systems? Emini here. I know some states do like a California, but what about the, I don't know, Arkansas, some Of the rural areas. Yeah, some of the more rural areas. Right. You know, you're, you're raising a very good point. It's not going to be an equal type of situation. If you return it back to the states, you, the, the, the education system does need federal funding, federal backing in federal support.


Meanwhile, press Secretary, Caroline Levitt also spoke on the matter ahead of the president signing that executive order saying declining test scores and reading, writing, math and low proficiency levels at every grade level across every state are the reason why the department should be eliminated. She went on to say that the teacher's unions have not been standing up for America's students. Now she's not wrong in the fact that, you know, the scores have been low. And, and in regards to that, and also, you know, across the board, COVID impacted us. All right, so Trump's executive order directs education Secretary Linda McMahon to take all necessary steps to facilitate the closure of the department. Now education Secretary Linda McMahon will have to get congressional approval to officially abolish the department.


And the education department was first established under President Carter in 1979. Now what about the teachers now? How do they feel about this now? Education advocates are speaking out of head of the President's executive order that shuts down the Department of Education. Frederick Ingram Ingram with the American Federation of Teachers says the president has given no indication of what this really means. Adding that he is preying on America's most vulnerable children. Let's hear more of those comments from the American Federation of Teachers, Frederick Ingram. We have heard no plan moving forward from President Trump, nor his administration about what education should look like, what we are going to do, and the role that the federal government plays.


These are millions of children who rely on federal funds to have a safe school site and to have the resources that they need. Yeah. Ingram went on to say he will see the president in court because the organization believes what the president is doing is illegal. He says the group will sue if Congress approves the dismantling of the Department of Education, which again was created in 1979. The, the department sends billions of dollars a year to schools for its most vulnerable students to oversee 1.6 trillion in federal student loans. Yeah. Emini here. The, the brother that was just speaking is absolutely right, you know, And I'm just thinking about the whole situation. Like on one hand, yes, if you are spending hundreds of millions of dollars on education, but the schools are trash and kids aren't learning, that's a problem.


But what's the actual solution? Like, I, I just don't see the solution being, hey, the states can handle it. 'cause some of these states aren't gonna have the, have the money to handle it. But I was, I was gonna say that like, yeah, if, if the education is failing, right, and we putting all these millions and billions and trillions of dollars into the school education and it's not working, how is this money gonna be allocated? Is is he still allocating the money to the state money state and is saying the state handle it? Is that what he's doing? Is he just pulling it and saying, y'all on your own? No, he said the state's gotta handle it on their own so that the states would've to pay for it with their tax dollars. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're not, I don't have an answer as to what type of federal support, if any, there will be in terms of education. So, and, And and what that brother, like what that brother just said, what's the other plan for the education system? Like they haven't heard anything except for, hey, we're dismantling the Department of Education.


Right? The states can handle it. What does that mean? Has to be a solution. Absolutely. Alright guys, we'll talk immigration and deportation on the, in the seven o'clock hour. That's your front page news for six. Alright, well thank you so much Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake up. Wake your, this is your time to get it off your chest. Whether man or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Yusef from New Jersey. What's going On, Yusef? What up?


Get it off your chest. My, Listen, I have a question, right? Like how come sometimes like envy, bro? Like sometimes like the things you say be like, what, what happened? Who? Hmm? Like the time you was talking about my man Jim Jones. And, and you was talking about the verses and you was talking about how it wasn't nobody that could really rock with Jim from New York on a verse. And you was talking about how, you mentioned you, you had the No, Jim said nobody could mess with him doing. And I said fabulous. You they was, y'all were talking about Then I said 50 about, And then you mentioned Jay, you said maybe Jay, We started about New York.


I said, I said Jay got a catalog. NA's got a catalog. I mentioned fabulous Charlamagne mentioned Styles. P we just naming New York rappers. Right? Exactly. But you were talking about M Jim Jones name Emini here. Name the other records besides, you know, the balling record. Jim, He, he's asking you a question. Envy you. DJ Jim has a lot of records more than just a balling record. He has certified gangsters, he has Baby girl, he got some in Miami. He has Harlem. I can name a bunch of records, but I, I said fabulous at first then I said 50 cent Envy. Yes sir. Can I ask One question? Envy? Yes Sir. When you're in the club doing your DJ thing and you think, let me play some Jim Jones name the record besides bar that that you going to For?


It Depends that dial up. It depends. If I'm in New York, I'm gonna play, I'm gonna play Dipset. I'm gonna play Baby Girl, I'm gonna play Certified Next. No, no Notset Jim Jones. Oh, he got you under pressure. He got you under a figure four. I'm gonna play Ron Brows popping bottles. I I just named six records. You want me to like, how many do you want me to name? I just named six of them, brother. I Name one that you going put out and play without getting quiet or listen. Can we get our money back these days? You played that record. Can we get a refund on that from the promoter? Goodbye man. Goodbye nigga. It show like the Jim Jones. I like, I like Jim Jones music, but I understand what he's saying. Jim Jones don't have like an abundance of commercial hits. He got great rap records that I like. But don't you remember verses the locks don't have any commercial records and the locks won.


It wasn't about commercial and non-commercial. It's about people's Catalogs. No, because the locks have a lot of more com. Culturally, Culturally records, but relevant records, commercial records. Right. The locks won. You's making up things. Me? Yes. No, he just told me the name. Six Record that I And I did. You making you making up things right now. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's up y'all? Good morning. It's Tamika from Cali. Now Tamika, it says Tamika's on the line, our local stud. Yes, yes, yes. I I called up before when I had to give Charlotte some educational stuff. I remember Tamika, shouldn't your name be like Tampa, Tony or something? Oh my goodness. What should, No, No, no. What's your I I I'm a stud og so I go by my real name.


I'm not, you know, I'm not Tyshawn, I'm Tamika. That's What my mom Got. Got you. What's up? But How y'all doing this morning? Man, I, I wanted to get back up here. I honestly forgot what I was going to say 'cause I was on hold for a minute. But I do just want to give my girlfriend a shout out. I want to tell her that she is the real MVG because you know, she do everything for me and she set everything up nicely for me. So I just want to give her a shout out. What's the MVG Most valuable Girlfriend. Oh, oh, got you, got you, got you. And they said you wanted to talk about Doce and straight men. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, because people was mad at her And I really like her, so I don't want people to be mad at her for making a little joke.


Like, you know, it's a lot of guys out here be fronting like they straight and then when you find out they really like, they booty played with, she was upset. So it was like, you know, that's a red flag. You up here till about you straight and you really not, you know? So Yes ma'am, thank you. And I, And I, And I really like her. She cool as she, she, she really seem like she cool, so I don't want people to just throw her to the wayside. Alright, Tamika, thank you. Enjoy your weekend. Y'all too. Have a good one. All right. Go charge that vibrator. Oh my God. Never Did You mean never. What's going on? Get it off. That's good time.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest, whether you're mad or blessed. So you better have the same energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey. Yo, this is Jalen from the 2, 2 9. How you doing dj? What's up Jalen? Talk to us. Get it off your chest, brother. Good morning to Fair East Side High up there. I didn't want East Side. Good morning. I just had to tell Charlemagne what you said about Jonathan Majors. Now we, we love and appreciate Jonathan Majors, but better than Training Day.


Denzel Washington, Bro. Just wait till y'all see the movie. Just when y'all see Magazine, let's talk about it after y'all watch Magazine Dreams. Angela, Angela Bassett, Tina Turner. Bro, I'm, I'm just, listen, all I'm simply saying is I've never seen any of them play a role as intense as Jonathan Mays did in Magazine Dreams. I said intense. I ain't saying better. I'm just saying when you see it, you'll know what I'm talking about. I, we gonna check it out. But this is the last thing I want to say right before I leave Charlamagne, you talk me something. A couple years like I've been listening to Preference Cut since like 2017 on like a consistent basis. Thank you brother. And I just want to say this to encourage my sister Jess, Hilarious. We love you, We love Jess. If you live for the tears, you'll die by the boo. You can't worry about nothing coming, sweetheart.


We love you Good Jalen. But Jess got her own feelings too and her feelings are valid. And we love Jess. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Ts from Connecticut. How you doing? What's up Ts Get it off your chest. Hi Dj. Good morning. Hi, Charlemagne. Peace. Hi Lauren. Hi Jessica. Hey girl. Are y'all all there this morning? Yes. Whenever y'all say Jessica, I feel like you know y'all about to, to say something crazy. People like to call you by your full name. No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, just, just with the mess. I'm sorry. No, I called because I was just thinking about y'all and everything that's going on and hoping that it sounds like everything is better and that's good. But in my personal area, I was just feeling like I wanted to put out some positive energy.


'cause we are, and, and this is more about me than y'all, but just, we'll take it, make some decisions in life that you know are going to be for your benefit, not for others. And because you don't wanna live a life that was given to you versus a life that you chose. And it's just very heavy on my mind this morning And I decided to pick up the phone and reach out and say that. And just be loving and caring to others as well as yourself because every choice and decision you make is going to be part of your future. So make good ones. Hmm. That's all. Thank you very much. Appreciate It. Have a blessed weekend. Have a blessed day. You too. Take care y'all. Bye bye.


Thank you. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up. All right. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yeah, we do. So rapper yell Bezy, he was just arrested on capital murder charges for the death of Texas rapper MO three. We gonna get into all the details. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's De JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming straight fan off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on The Lord the latest with Lauren La Rosa.


Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit Of everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, Talk to me. Alrighty y'all. So currently rapper Bezy is in police custody. He was arrested on capital murder charges over the death of MO three. So damn to right. I thought this was fake when I saw this yesterday until I received the documents, the, the arresting and charging documents. So MO three was killed on an interstate. Yeah, he was shot. And during that time people were trying to piece together what happened. So police are basically saying that yellow beady, according to these court documents, is accused of intentionally and knowingly causing the death of MO three on November 11th back in 2020.


Now the charging documents say that Yaa Bee allegedly employed a man named Kiwan White to murder MO three on the Texas interstate by use of a firearm. Now at this, at this time, that is pretty much all of the information that is out there. I reached out to management for Yellow Bey to try, you know, figure out like what's happening, any additional information that we could get. But that is kind of like all we know to be fact because of the documents that are out there right now. And Yellow Bey, he's a a Dallas rapper, right? Yes. People that don't know Yes, for anyone who doesn't know. But yeah, when I saw that I'm like, woo, I don't know what's true and what's not true. But I really wish people learned better conflict resolution skills because if that story is true, I guarantee it's not worth it for either party. 'cause somebody's deceased and now somebody's going to prison.


Yeah, yeah. You don't want you not be, it's hard to be the charge like that. Yeah. Police have been doing it, police have been been locking everybody up with any type of case that seems like the last 30 days. Like crazy. Have they should That's absolutely. Yeah. I saw reports of when they talked about the, the guy, and again, this is nothing confirmed, but these are just reports. But I saw reports that there were phone conversations between allegedly phone conversation between Ybe and the, the person that they're saying that was hired or was the person that actually fired the gun that killed Mo three. So MO three was killed when? Last year or Two? 20. 2020. Mm. Yeah. It was a big case or it was a big thing when it happened. Emini here, it's, it is someone dying. Yeah. But also the way that it happened, like they like walked him down on the interstate.


He was like, I think at one point they were like following him, they were chasing to Get away, chasing Him on the way on the highway. And then they caught up with him on the interstate and, and shot up the car. So yeah. Rest in peace to that brother man. Yes. Now on other news, we've been talking a lot about Kanye West and his actions in here. Well, NVU asked where are his friends and and where are the consequences? Well yeah, there are reports right now on page six is reporting exclusively that Jay-Z and Beyonc are discussing taking legal action against Kanye West, following that vulgar and offensive attack on their kids. Now, according to the source that page six has Jay-Z and Beyonc found it shocking that Kanye West attacked their two youngest children. And you know, they call it attack disgusting as a lot of other outlets have.


And this is the attack that Kanye did on XA few days ago. Now the source exclusively told page six that the couple Jay-Z and Beyonc will absolutely not stand for it after Kanye West has spoken about their children in a vulgar and offensive manner. Jay-Z and Beyonc are aware of the post on X that have been since deleted by Kanye West. And now they're discussing how they wanna handle the situation, whether that be privately or in a legal matter according to this insider. So, And he didn't take him down because he wanted that, that he felt he was bad about it. He said he took it down because he didn't want X to take his account. That, but there I did see, I don't remember his tweet verbatim, but there was other tweets that he posted after that where he was like, I'm sorry, I just wanted Jay-Z to be there.


Or he is Kanye West where I just wanted Jay-Z to be there for me. He said he always felt like that, like the outcast of the family and Jay-Z didn't show up to his wedding. Right. Didn't help him with the Kardashian drama again, And I'm paraphrasing there because that tweet was long And when you play with people, kids, you don't come back from that and you can't come back from that. Just So that was why he did it. He wanted this. So this is a cry for help from his family. I don't know. And you talk about my kid? Yeah. Mm. I guess, yeah, Loss lawsuits are cool, but what Kanye really needs is his ass beat. He need ass whooping. That's all. Not encouraging violence, but at some point, I gotta see if you got hands, you walking around in denim jeans and no drawers talking crazy on X and U 47.


Yeah. Denim jeans on With no drawers. Oh, You talking about that video when he getting in the car? 'cause they was calling him thick thick. Oh, he must have seen the top of his crack or something. Yes. That was nasty. Yeah, it Was nasty. Nasty. No, but that, that was a good leather wax denim though. I was trying to figure out what the brand of them jeans was. Oh my goodness. I'm gonna show you the video. Ja mm. That's what the video you talking about, right? I just saw something, he was getting in the car and he jumped in the car and he had on denim jeans and it was all his ass out. I'm like, who walks around and denim jeans with no drugs? That's Crazy. That's crazy. That gotta hurt. That gotta hurt your I think it did. They might have just slipped down when he was trying to like get up in the car. It was like a truck he was getting into. You Shouldn't, you shouldn't be committed into a conservatorship if you walking around and denim jeans and no drugs.


Yeah, you gotta, oh my god, you'll get a rash. Denim jeans, no jacket. Yeah. Yeah, Kanye definitely need a conservatorship. Well, last story man. This, this hour has been pretty heavy on the cops stuff and just things like that. Favio Foreign is been reported exclusively by TMZ that he's been locked up since January. His attorney actually spoke out and says that the case that they have against FAO is weak though. So according to TMZ, Fabio has been quietly awaiting, quietly wilting, I'm sorry, wilting away in a New Jersey jail since January on multiple charges. And his attorney is firing back against those charges. So his attorney's name is Adam Lustberg and he is saying that the Brooklyn drill rapper, it's, it's expected to be released in a couple months.


Now they obtained documents and in the documents Fabio's accused of pointing a,


this Is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for a liability, get into Tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Is this a good time? It's me, Dylan Mulvaney, and my dear friend Joe Locke from Heart Stopper and Agatha All along is my very first guest on my brand new podcast, the Dylan Hour. It's musical mayhem and it is going to be so much fun. I like a man. You like a man. What do I like Joe? You like a man too. We often, there's some, there's quite similar, there's some cross pollination happening in here. Not like no. Have we? No, no, not Yet. Never. Not yet. Say never. I cannot wait for all you girls Gaze and Maze to join me on this extremely special pink confection of a podcast. There is so much darkness in this world and what I think we could all use more of is a little joy. Listen to the Dylan Hour on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcasts. Love ya.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. And Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex.


And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup.


Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Gun at. A woman who was simply asking him for a car jumpstart on New Year's Day in Edgewater, New Jersey. Also, according to the police reports, five year pointed the gun at the woman and said, if I see you parked in front of this building again, there's gonna be an effing problem. Now cops say witnesses recognized five year right away, dial 9 1 1 and later gave statements to those police officers. And the Edgewater police also say, FIO was seen on surveillance footage from the apartment complex, which they say corroborates the alleged victim story. Now FIO was arrested on January 18th and he was hit with five charges, including unlawful possession of a weapon, terroristic threats, and aggravated assault. The police Luper, which is his attorney, says that the police never recovered a gun from Favio.


And he believes that the case against his client is one of the film. Film it. Don't know this word. Basically it's a ton Bs. He says that this is one of the most Oh, flimsiest films. Oh, flimsiest. I've never seen that word actually used. I'm gonna tell you something, man. Ever since Jess said you read right? You me reading Wrong Flimsiest. You know I be trying to Word, I be trying to throw the, you know, I just Wanna make sure that it's a group here. I've never seen Flims is spelled, but that that's, Yeah. I've never seen, I've never seen it actually in writing. But yeah, he said it's one of the Flimsiest cases he's seen in his 21 years of practicing law. Mm. When was that live? Remember when? When Fabio and little TJ did that live?


That seemed like that was recent though, wasn't it? I guess not. I don't remember that one. But I was confused because I remember he did the, the, there was an interview that released with him and Justin Laboy And I thought that that was recent, recent, recent, recent as well too. But I, I gotta check the date on that. But also he could have filmed it and then released it after as well. But court, the attorney's speaking on it. So the dates can't be too off. Alright, well that's the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. Thank you. All right, when we come back, we got front page news and then Jonathan Majors will be here. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. It's a Friday. Dammit. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the J nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news again. I wanna start off with some quick sports. Last night, Bronny, he did pretty good last night. He dropped 17 points. He had five assists and three rebounds. He led the Lakers in scoring. They lost it in Milwaukee. Bucks one 18 to 89. But he, We, we also can't do that to Bronny though. Salute the Bronny. We glad he dropped 17 points, but 17 points is his regular, That is not regular in the NBA. Everybody don't drop no damn 17 points. Is there more Than he ever? Yes, that is his career high. But we wouldn't be highlighting that. That's his career high. Yes. Oh, we wouldn't be highlighting that if it wasn't Bronny James, somebody else scored 17 points in the NBA last night. You don't give a damn. Nah. But the, the fact is, but he led the Lakers scoring. We're rooting for him because he's LeBron's son. But not Only think they to, they tore this man down, said he was trash and he shouldn't be in the league.


But the fact that he's scoring 17 points is showing that he's In. That was a good, that was a good game. He had a good game. That's all I wanna say. Listen to that brother having a good game. Okay. What's up Morgan? What's up, Andy? Charlemagne, Jess, Lauren. Hey ho, crew and the listeners too. Let's get into it. So yesterday, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, he held an immigration round table with borders are Tom Holman, who says in four months there has been a 96% decline in border crossings. Now, Holman also said the Trump administration is not going to stop removing Venezuelan gang members. Despite interference from federal judges acting Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad Wolf also says, federal judges will not stop Trump's efforts to remove gang members.


So let's take a listen to the comments from border are Tom Holman and Acting Secretary of Homeland Security, Chad Wolf, I'm happy. I'm not satisfied. We're not gonna rest. I'm not gonna sleep well at night until every public safety threat, illegal aliens eradicated from this country. That's what we'll relax. And that's when we'll take action. And so this idea that you're gonna have a judge, or even you know, the left of the country is now siding. First they sided with illegal aliens and now they're siding with terrorists instead of with the American people. So Florida Governor Ron DeSantis again says, everything that President Trump is doing by executive order to fight illegal immigration should be codified by Congress.


Now, just like I said at all, I I I called this, this is what the whole deportation immigration thing is about. It's not about, you know, these, the illegals that are, are being the illegal criminals per se. It's the ones that hey, that get caught up in the mix that didn't do anything wrong. So one of the migrants supported to, with the vi Venezuelan gang members had no criminal record. Franco Carabario was unexpectedly detained during a routine check with the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement. He was then deported to El Salvador accused of being a part of a Venezuelan gang. And his lawyer says, Carabario is a barber who has no criminal record in the US or Venezuela and has not been charged illegally with entering the country.


He added that his client was not given due process. So that's what this is all about, you know, gotta keep in mind that. So Does he have his papers? Did he have his papers? Like is he a legal citizen or, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So he's gonna probably get his due process now that he has lawyered up. But that's the whole, you know, who walks around with papers, you know, or now I'm Not, A lot of people walk around with papers. Now You need to, but I'll tell you, matter of fact, you need to have him taped to your forehead. But that is racist if you just round him up just 'cause of his, his, his, yeah, his, his ethnicity. And then I'm also hearing that there are people who are being targeted because of tattoos. You know, if you have gang affiliated tattoos or, you know, if you just have tattoos that seem gang affiliated, a lot of this is a matter of, but the bottom line is, you know, due process needs to be had.


Right. So moving on to, to things in New York, New York City Mayor Eric Adams is highlighting pro progress on a homeless and mentally ill outreach program. During his mental Health week, Adams says, since the start of his subway safety plan three years ago, the administration has connected 8,400 New Yorkers to shelter. And more than 800 have been placed in permanent affordable housing. He went on to say, since last August, the PATH program was able to deliver shelter, meals, and medical help for three, 3000 times the, to the homeless. And 900 of them were removed from the transit system for different violations.


Let, let's take a listen to New York City Mayor Eric Adams comments on this. Our administration has taken bold actions and bold steps to make sure we approach individuals, give them the care and support that they deserve. Whichever way you look at this program path, it has delivered for New Yorkers. And what is more this program is working Since launching in August of last year, the city's partnership assistance for transit homeless program has resulted in the NYPD removing more than 900 people from the transit system for various violations. So you guys are up there. Any thoughts on that? You seeing anything cleaned up? You hearing anything Now?


I haven't seen nothing cleaned up. My daughter's dance in the last couple of weekends we had to go to New York City and it's bad. Like when I say bad Emini, here it is bad homelessness Emini here. People that that, that they look like they drugged and zed out. It's very, very bad to the point where I'm like, where are all these shelters? Where are all these mental houses that we had before that would house them and help these people? I just don't see it. They, and, And I'm sure New Yorkers see the same thing. And I, and like I said, I agree. It was, it's it's it's bad. And I don't understand when elected officials like Mayor Adams say things like that as if we don't have eyes. Yeah. Right. Well he's like, what? No, to your point, that's why I ask. You know, I always like to see the parallel of what the people see versus what the elected official is saying.


You know, and if we can, and on a such a positive good note on this feel. Good Friday in Georgia, a high school senior in Douglas County is preparing to choose where he wants to go to college after being accepted to 58 colleges and universities. And he earned over a million dollars Wow. In scholarships. Manus Presley attends Douglas County High and has also received more than a million dollars in scholarships. Some of the schools hoping to grab Presley include Morehouse College, Mercer University, Howard University, and the University of Alabama. Presley is very involved in his school and community and is the president of the school's Future Business Leaders of America and the National Honor Society chapters. There's no word on which College Presley has decided to attend.


But if I may put my bid in Mr. Presley, you know, I'm gonna advocate for HB CU I'm just saying. Alright y'all, that's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Y'all follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage at Follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Happy Friday, cheers to the weekend. Thank you Morgan. Have a good weekend. Thank You. You too. Peace Morgan. Now when we come back, Jonathan Majors will be joining us. He stars in a new Flick Magazine Dreams. And we're gonna talk to him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is with us as well.


We got a special guest in the building, Man. One of the most gifted actors of our generation. Probably the most gifted Mr. Jonathan Majors is here. How are you, brother? Good morning. Oh, family. I'm doing good. Yes, I'm doing, I'm doing a lot better now. Good to see You look. Yes. Amen. Thank y'all And appreciate it. And you're just officially tied the knot. Yeah. How does it feel that you, you know, it feels good. You finally locked down your Coretta. Oh, how does that Love it. Bring bring it, come. It, it is beautiful. Yeah. You know, it's the ending of a chapter and the beginning of a chapter. And I'm at a place where Emini here, we got married on the 18th. That was a couple days ago.


Yes. A couple sleeps ago. And it happened when it happened. 'cause I felt worthy of her. Mm. You know, hold on black man. Hold. Okay, I'll hold it. I felt worthy of her expound on that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It, she's an incredible, incredible woman. And I had to get to that level, you know, spiritually, socially, emotionally. I had to mature a lot. And she caught me at a time when I was in a, I was in a bad way. Yeah. You know? And I was very upfront about that with her. Mm. And she said, all right. Got on a plane and came to New York City and sat with me on the, on the couch and held me when, you know, when it was all going down right at the heaviest place.


And the more I got to look at her, I was like, damn, I love this woman. You know? And then when marriage became a thing, when it was like, I'm gonna marry her, I said, wait, but marriage is, that ain't, that ain't no joke. You know what? Emini here. And I had to really evaluate myself even deeper, you know, if I was to, wed this particular woman and she just helped me grow so much. And I wasn't, I needed to be worthy of her and be worthy of her patience and her time. And that she wasn't wasting her time on me. You know? So I had, I couldn't waste my time on me. And so I had to get myself right. And then we did it. Yeah. Yeah. And the journey continues, you know, like, like the marriage is happiest day of my life. Yo, he Is like, Smile like that.


Yeah. I see the globe. The god. Yeah. What type of work did you put in? Oh brother. You know, to be, to be the man that, you know, she, she was worthy of Mm. Had to get my mind right. I just had a lot of that was just piled up that I, I never really dealt with. You know? And those things hindered me socially, emotionally, spiritually. Even the relationship with my God, you know, was, was not where it needed to be. You know? And she being such a strong woman of God, that became clear that I needed to work on that. And so Emini here, y'all seen the movie and, and, and y'all y know me, you know, so I look at something like that and it's like, alright Jay, what you gonna do? I'm an actor. I appreciate the word you said, man, I trained for 11 years nonstop for acting summers, whatever.


I'm an athlete. I lifted, I ran, I did that. And every time I did that, I had, I had a team of people around me to make me worthy of those jobs and that occupation. And I didn't do that for me. You know, I didn't do that for myself. And so the process of becoming worthy, you know, for her, I thought well apply the same thing. I had eight different acting coaches, eight different, you know, I went to two different schools. This do the same thing for yourself, brother. So I did the court helped me out with one of them. The court. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I actually love those guys. You know what? Emini here, I love that situation. I've always spoken to my, my therapist. You know, I'm a, I'm a stick with it, you know, and, and do the, the peer counseling.


You know, when all this is, you know, I got, oh man, I'm on my last one. Mm Oh, your last session or you like Last one I think. Nice. Yeah, we're getting, oh, we're getting close to the end. But yeah, I'm, I'm gonna stick with it. 'cause I'm seeing other people come in and that's beautiful. You know, so I, I'm gonna stick with that. My pastor, you know, Darius Daniels at Chains Church. Incredible, incredible man, you know, mentor, friend, life coach, you know, my other personal therapist, the men's group. I started, you know, the business. I started, you know, all these people that can just go, aj they go from pulling my coattail to being like, oh, that's different. You know what Emini here. You know? And so just keeping those folks around me to help keep me upright and mirror it back to me what it is I'm doing, you know?


And I, I feel I'm smiling 'cause I'm in such a great place. You know what Emini here, I'm, I just never been so happy. It's hard to say, but I don't think I've, I think I've, I had facsimile of happiness growing up, but, but never happy, you know, these Moments, brief moments here and there. Yeah. You know what Emini here saying, oh, you got a job. Wicked. Oh, you're doing this wicked. Oh you're doing this wicked. You know, but there's a part of me all that, all that hurt, all that trauma, all those things I needed to work out, you know, that wouldn't allow that. Now we're getting those out of, out of the system and a lot of them have been identified. If you can't see it, you can't change it. Some was thrown in my face and some I went and found, you know? 'cause I felt confident And I felt supported to do that. That's the process. Happy For you brother. Thank You brother. Did you, did you ever feel like through any of that, like you were scared or nervous that like Megan would be like, yo, this is too much for me all the time.


Did you Yeah. What was that like for you? Yeah. All the time. Well, as I said, sis like I told her from the jump, like, this is gonna be crazy. This is be wild. You know what Emini here, but when Y'all in it and it's like the press. Yeah. But when we're in it, like, where, I'm sorry. No, I was gonna say, because she, she's also a name and so I think that there was a lot thrown on her as well. Yeah. Because people were like, Megan, good. Why are you doing this? Like, what are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. I had a lot of that. You know, I had a lot of, sure, I had a lot of Emini here. We're in a relationship now we're in a marriage, you know, I, I'll keep it straight. We have moments of like, Hey babe, it's cool. It know what Emini here, I love you more than I can imagine. But you gotta, your ship's going down, you know, you better. I'm Jack, you know what Emini here, you let go of me and you go get it.


You know? That was a big thing. And she took so many, she took so many hits, you know, because of it. You know, she took, I don't think she mind me saying like, they weren't announcing it, but like, she lost endorsements, you know, we got uninvited to stuff. You know, she got uninvited to stuff because she had shown just how down she was. And they knew if Megan's coming, Jay's coming, you know, I'm coming. You know? Yeah. She's just an incredible hit, you know. And then just walking around, you know what Emini here, like a lot of our, a lot of our work, 'cause you guys know, is like socializing. Right. You know what Emini here, and, and You know, I've seen people say you are at a career crossroad with this film magazine Dreams, by the way, phenomenal. Pheno. When I say a phenomenal film, what's I give Magazine Dreams a 10 outta 10.


Wow. I, I I, I, I wish they would've stuck the land in just a little bit different. And it is like, you know, when you watch it again, this is like little technical stuff I've been like, I wish they would've explored that a lot, a a lot more. Right. Right. But rather the job you did in that movie, my God, how hard was it to get the character of Killian Maddox outta you? Tell us a little bit about the character for us, and then tell us how hard it was to get him outta You. Yes, sir. So Killian Maddox is a aspiring bodybuilder. He moves to The World a bit as far as his mental state. He's a, he's a bit different, right? He's a bit different. And as the, that's An understatement. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. That's an understatement. That's an understate. He's a unique character. I, I would say we've not seen a character, especially, you know, we, we'll keep it straight here, right?


We never, we have not seen a black actor, male or female. And, and if we have, you know, someone holler at me and let me know, Jay, you misspoke, blah, blah, blah. You know, now, and I'll take it back. But I was Gonna ask you, I was gonna ask you who's comparable, but go ahead. But to my understanding, Emini here, I've not seen our demographic. Someone who is from the African diaspora participate in a film that had a protagonist that got to live in that odd, unique, beautifully unique space. Right. You know, as, as the film goes, you, you find out, you know, some of the reasons of that. He's dealt with incredible childhood trauma. But his dream is to get his pro card. Pro card is like making into league for a bodybuilder. And he's working hard to do that.


And as he's trying to do that, he's dealing with the trials and tribulations of his uniqueness and also of his blackness, of his size, of his gender. You know, all these things come into play. And so he's, as, as he's aspiring and working towards that, he has to deal with a lot of, a lot of stuff. And, and ultimately he's trying to connect. And the last little bit is he's infatuated with essentially the top of the top. You know, this guy named Vander Horn, who is the, you know, top bodybuilder. That's his aspiration. And the thing about that which is interesting, is that he is a, you know, six, five herculean white god.


And that's something that he has to wrestle with, you know, this idea of the American dream and celebrity and fame and all these things. And you know, there's a lot, there's a lot of movie there. You know, I think that's the best I can kind of put it out there. But he, he's trying and he's, he's striving and he's trying, you know, to do better. And he's trying to use the tools, but he can't really get there, you know? But ultimately, well, you guys will see, all right, We got more with Jonathan Majors when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is here as well. We're still kicking it with Jonathan Majors. We're still kicking it with Jonathan Majors, Jess. Hilarious. Were There ever any days on set where you felt like meltdown or breakdown?


Like, was this ever, was it ever hard for you to film triggered any of this Get triggered? Did you feel triggered? Thank you. Triggered, triggered Once. Triggered, once there's a scene. Yeah. And you, ah, there's moments like you, you say, oh, they're inspired, right? There's, there's a moment where something has just happened to the character. Something's just happened to Killian and Elijah Bynum and all his wisdom. And that's a talented, talented brother, man. We had just finished the scene And I was still, I was still up, you know what Emini here, that's what I call it. I was still up, you know, Killian was still operating and he's always operating when I'm at work. You know, he was still operating, still operating to the, to the point that he came in and said, Hey, we can, you walk out the trailer.


So that should let you guys know what, you guys know, what the scene is, walk out the trailer and then just process all of that as you're walking out. And this is something that when it's not on the script, right, it's, it's no language. So I can't essentially use a target to keep my engine going. Right? So I have, I'm living in my imagination for whatever reason. And, and now two and a half years later, I understand the reason, but I got up, I walked out the trailer and Adam, our beautiful DP, was right in front of me. He said, just walk out and let that happen. And I didn't know anything was gonna happen. You know, though, I was still hot, I was walking out And I, I just felt it's, it's kind of like heat for me when I'm working, right? Like it's felt all this heat come up. My, my, my feet got hot and then my face got hot And I went, oh, I'm glad you asked, because that was the moment when I realized as I was walking out, or maybe, I'm just realizing now that wasn't killing, crying.


That was me crying. Ooh, you know what, Emini here. Based off the, yeah. Based off, I'm trying not to get away. Rude, of course. But based off the revelation you gave this week. Yeah. About being abused. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Got you, got you, got you, got you, got you, Got you, got you. And wow. Yeah, I guess in a way, that was the, that was the beginning of like, oh, okay, cool. I, I was, And I got hypnotized, and then that opened up all type of shit. Mm. I was gonna ask you, because I had read that article that you did with, where you talked about being abused. Now that you're revealing, or well, you're revealing it to The World, but you're dealing with, because of the therapy and different things that you're doing, all of this internal stuff. Like, are you right now having to go through a different process of like, figuring out who you are again?


And how does that affect you as an actor? I don't know. Like, do you feel like you're like kind of reinventing who Jonathan Majors is because of things or Rebirth? Rebirth, Yeah. Emini here. Only tattoo I have, which my pastor mother was like, you grown. You grown what you want. And you know, but yes, it's definitely, there's a moment now where I go. I was, I was saying, saying the wifey, you know, like, like I just feel different, you know? And this was la this was probably, you know, two weeks. Time goes, boom, time be moving. This is probably just two weeks ago. I was sitting there And I was like, I feel different. Like, I just feel different, you know? And there is like, I'm, I'm gonna do a couple pictures this year, God willing.


But I am nervous. You know? I am nervous. Nervous. That what? You don't have it the same anymore, or I don't know what's gonna happen Because you're dealing with the trauma that's talking About the audience because your Gift, gifted gift. Fuck. Yeah. I told you the other day, your gift is gonna make room for you. 'cause you just too, you too gifted to deny. Thank you, brother. Yeah. What is the fear? The, the fear is, well, well, yeah, yeah. Well, let's keep it the buck. Like, yeah. I have fear that like, is it, I've made so much more space. You know what? Emini here. And it's like, oh, is is he gonna hit the same? Like I know the craft. I know that, you know, And I don't know the craft, but I, I study the craft. That's what I was wondering. Read in. I stay in it, you know, and it's like, you know what, Emini here, if you wanna make something for people, my opinion is I wanna make something for people that they understand.


I care. I care if I'm playing a bodybuilder, I care about the bodybuilding community. If I'm playing Jesse Brown, you know, from devotion, I care about his legacy, his family. I apply everything I have into that. But you can also laugh and joke on him. Be have a good time. Absolutely. You know what Emini here and like, and like, that part, I did do those things, you know, I was nice and jolly on set and this and this, but there's a part of me that just wouldn't allow myself to, you know, I've never seen a movie I made, you know what, Emini here Too hard to watch. No. You know, it's funny, the more, the more I, the more I think about it, I think there is a part of me that felt unworthy Of being on the screen, man. Well, unworthy of, of like, like, that's, that's, I made it for them. You know? Like, you made that art for the people. You struggle for the people, you know, in the art form.


It's done now. You know, You said you never watch your work. You didn't watch Lovecraft Country? Did I watch Lovecraft Crunchy? I I saw probably 35 minutes of Lovecraft country. Crazy. It's a 10 hour, it's a 10 hour thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Man, I seen it four times. You ain't watching. Thank you. Si. When you talk about inviting things, And I was sitting here thinking, 'cause I heard it was two questions I had for you, just listening to you, you, when you talk about the projects that you have coming up, I thought about like the fact that right now you're on this, this press run. When you sat down with Kevin Frazier and you said wifey, and then the story came out about you guys being married, it was like, oh my God, he's married. But then on another hand, it was like, he announced this because all this other stuff came out.


The Rolling Stone article with the audio, you right now are working and moving, but I feel like I don't even, it's not on purpose, but there's so many things that are coming at you. How are you dealing with all of that? Because being married is such a good moment. Being able to get back to work is a good moment, but there's a lot coming your way. What's the daily like, whew, I can do this. 'cause you've done the work on yourself at this point. Amen. It's the work, you know, and it's God, you know, and also, like in our family, like we've been through it. We've been through a lot in a, in a, in a, in a short amount of time. You know what Emini here, like we are, we're war buddies and husband and wife, you know, and best friend. Like, but for real, for real war buddies. Not like, oh yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We've been through it. You know what Emini here, and we'll continue to go through it, but something that we really talk about And I'm like, we can't let, like, we gotta live our life.


You know what Emini here, like yes. Everyone in this room, you know, is in the public eye, right? Yeah. If I didn't do something that I had planned by the way that I had planned months ago, because, you know, one of us are having a bad day or, or, or I'm having a really bad day, I would not get up in the morning. You know what, Emini here, I wouldn't get up in the morning. So, so who, who's gonna dictate my life? Who's gonna dictate my happiness? Yeah. You know, well, me and God, you know, do you have An idea of who is creating this targeted attack? Because let's be clear, I think it's a targeted attack. Emini here, when I look at, you know, you got a charged with misdemeanor assault and harassment. We see you on video running away from this woman violation.


There's the optics of the big black man, you know, white, white, blonde haired woman. And it's like every time you're about to do something, right, like the Hollywood Reporter article comes out, start hearing this good news about Magazine Dreams, then all of a sudden this audio leaks And the audio was from 2022. Like, Come on, man. Yeah. Come on. Crazy. You, you, you, you gotta know that there's somebody targeting you because everybody deserves redemption. There's people out here screaming for other folks to get redemption that have done way worse. I've been accused of way worse And have been granted. Yes. Emini here, listen, let the streets talk. You know, let the streets talk. You know, it's very, again, I got a whole wife to deal with, you know? Right. I got, I got a bunch of dolls. I got a 12-year-old daughter I gotta get to and spend some time with and Mm.


You know, show her some, show her more stuff. You know what Emini here like, but you know, You, you could be getting granted a lot more grace. I even think about like, Marvel. Marvel, you know, they had controversies with guys like Jeremy Renner who plays Hawkeye, the guy who played Neal had some things, but they were so quick to part ways with you. Robert Donny Jr. Was allotted grades. Like, Yeah, Emini here you play the hand, you dealt, you know? And it, and it's not over till it's over. You know what, Emini here, like, it's not over till it's over. You know, there's just, there's one thing I know. I love my wife. I love my daughter. I love my family. I love this art form. And I trust in God. And I know for a fact what's in me right now. Emini here, I'm on fire inside, you know, I'm on fire.


You know, the next time I hit a set, I can't wait to, to tell that story, to spend time with the crew, to promote that film, to get out to the people to come see you guys again. And I have no doubt in my mind, you know, that it's going to happen. I don't know when, you know, though, we have, you know, we have things in the works, but Were those rumors about Marvel bringing King back? True Man. Here's the thing about Marvel, right? You don't know until you know, you know, Emini here, you don't know until, you know, I will say this though, of all the characters I played, right? King carries a certain novelty in a certain challenge for an actor that I would love to play it again. You know? And so when I hear people talk about it, as long as the streets are talking, as long as the fans are talking, you know, there is a, there's hope.


You know? How was The letter that you wrote to Marvel to Kevin? What was his last name? Kevin Foggy. Kevin. Kevin. How was that letter received? I don't know how it was received, you know, but, but I, you know, I, I've got his info. I know it's him. You know what? Emini here. And I sent it to him, you know, and he's a, he's in the, I'm sure he was in a tough position when I sent it to him. It was, it was long after a lot of his stuff. You know, I really, I love that man. You know that, that that specific individual. I really love him. You know, I've got nothing but love for Marvel. But yeah. You know, I, I, yeah. You know, I didn't hear back All. We got more with Jonathan Majors. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We're still kicking it with Jonathan Majors Charlamagne, I remember, and Lauren, you probably know, but I, I remember there was a art.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota. Let's go places.


Is this a good time? It's me, Dylan Mulvaney, and my dear friend Joe Locke from Heart Stopper and Agatha all along is my very first guest on my brand new podcast, the Dylan Hour. It's musical mayhem and it is going to be so much fun. I like a man. You like a man? What do I like Joe? You like a man too. We often, some there's quite similar, there's some cross pollination happening in here. Not like, no. Have we? No. No, Not yet. Never yet. Not say never. I cannot wait for all you girls Gaze and Maze to join me on this extremely special pink confection of a podcast. There is so much darkness in this world. And what I think we could all use more of is a little joy. Listen to the Dylan Hour on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcasts. Love ya.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as see unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. And Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Hmm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex.


And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Ah, take a big whiff, my bra.


Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Record that came out. And it was just a bunch of different people, you know, saying you were emotionally abusive to them and you know, oh yeah. Verbally abusive. And you know, they, it works to you before. And it wasn't a pleasant experience when that came out. Did you ever look at any of that stuff and say, okay, some of that might be justified. I might've been an as situation That article, you know, Because they were talking about from college days. So you're not the same man, is what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. Well, everybody's entitled to their opinion as far as, I'm just going, I'm just gonna say some facts. And I went to North Carolina School of Arts And I also went to Yale. I was at Yale, I was on a full scholarship. I was also on Lloyd Richards scholarship. Our brother Lloyd Richards brought in August Wilson Camp, all that stuff.


Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful man. Rest in peace. I was recipient of that when that information happened. That's when I went, that was hard. 'cause I go, this is Yale University. Where's the writeup? Mm. If all of this is true, where's the writeup from my administration, from my dean? Where is it? That was the only thing in which I got involved. 'cause it was supposed to be family. Right. I got involved and went, show me, show me, show me the paperwork. I not my lawyer. I hit my dean and said, show me. Said no, there's nothing there. I still have the email. You know what Emini here do I still wear my yellow cap? Yeah. 'cause I went And I understand. Do understand. I don't agree with it, but I understand, you know, and all off record, What went through your mind when Michael Ailey had picked up?


Meghan, I wanna see you. I wanna see you answer that one. I wanna see when Did this happen? Is this in the movie In the real life, when y'all was on the red carpet, remember? And Michael, he came up and said hello to Megan in the clip that they had online. Yeah. He picked her up. The clip they had online. You would just stand there and people would say, y'all, I know he was salty, but there was the part of y'all shaking hands before because he didn't speak to you too. But yeah. Oh, I Remember this. I remember this. I remember this. Yeah. I love that pretty man. Look at him. Pretty eyes lifting up my wife. It's all good. No, no, no. That's my brother. That's my brother. Yeah. Emini here. What, what went inappropriate way to hug somebody's wife? Well, Emini here that we all, we, they weren't married. They have a, they have a, they have a beautiful friendship. Yeah.


They have all these things, you know, like, and, and respectfully because like, we have real life and then we have what everyone says about our real life. Right. And, and as you all know, we have to navigate between those two things. Right. Gotcha. If the things people say about our life actually make their way into our lives, then the people have to be mature enough to address it. And Brother Ely, who I've seen many times, we did a workshop together at Dion's Place. Michael Ely was like, Hey bro, my bad. You know what Emini here? And I was like, respect. Yeah, respect. You know what Emini here, because I was like, this man trained for Creed. One of them blows. Michael's done. But that's all love. It's all love. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I have a question about the movie.


So in, in Magazine Dreams, your relationship with your father is insane because of the thing him and your mom. And I don't wanna give it away. It's all, it's Alright, right? Yeah, yeah. I'm with you. I'm with you. It's a, I'm making eye contact, a Relationship. I'm with you, it with your father. But in real life too, you talk about your dad leaving your life and know some of the things you dealt with after that. I was basically asking, because it's such a messed up situation that you're taking care of your paw and then Papa Paw. And then in real life you talk about y your dad and him leaving you and your mom. Hmm. Like, I've heard you talk about that a couple times. Yep, yep, yep. And then your mom came to this to see this movie. Yeah. Yeah. And I know mom had to be like, you know that there's some trauma probably with her too, that came, came back In, saw, saw that.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think every time you have to touch something, you kinda wanna make it connect. You know what, Emini here, you wanna make it connect. And my father, my biological father, my dad, you know, I don't wanna hurt him. Right. But I love him. You know. But, but we experienced something that could have been avoided had he not done what he done. You know what Emini here done what he did. Did what he done. Yeah. Come on. Yo. Yeah. Thank you brother. Me, you know what Emini here. So there's that. And so you, 'cause what what what we're talking about is a shared trauma, right. Between what Kellian understands and what happened to him and his world and what, what I understand what happened to me in my world. And that the visceral abandonment, if that makes sense, is something that I can always connect to.


And it's something that I've experienced and something Achillion Achillion does experience. And so in that, in that monologue, right? Where we're going through it Yeah. O obviously the images of of, of my father, you know who, lemme just be very clear. I love my dad, you know, I love him for the man he is. But it is what it is. You know what Emini here, and it's, it's up to him to, to fix that. You know what, Emini here, I understand that. You know, you make a mistake. It's up to you to fix it. You know, something wrong with you. It's up to you to fix it. So, you know, standing by dad, standing by. Nah, you Know what? I'll tell you something, man. If you actually, And I, I'm, I don know if you have, but when you actually have conversations with your father Yep. And he tells you about his upbringing Yep. And his childhood Yep. And the things he went through.


Yep. I guarantee you'll end up giving him more grace. Yep. Yeah. And I think sometimes we forget our parents had a life before they were, were our parents and Currently had lives while they were our parents. That's right. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So like, and, and we all know like, bringing a child into, bro, thank you. Like, like I, I completely agree with that, you know, and, And I'm, And I'm on my way to that. But I was about to Say, are you at that place Yet though? It's just, but it's just that like, this is, this is the rebirth. This is the new, this is the, this is the new bop. You know, this is still working. My big brother says to me, Hey dog, you know, and straight up, I've heard that before. Right? But I go, Megan said it to me before, you know, and it's just like he speaks to my brother. He speaks to my mom, he speaks to my sister. You know what Emini here, I'm just the eldest son, you know, the southern eldest son.


That may mean something to some of the listeners, right? That's different. You know what Emini here and it's like, it's a different thing. But, but then it's not right. Like that chat, that's something else. Right. You speaking from your hurt there. Right. Hearing you now. Right. You helped me. I go yeah. Damn. You right. You are right. He makes me think about the character Killian. Right? When you're watching the film, the angry black man persona, whatever you want say it is, it's all justified. You know, being the way his, he lost his parents with his grandfathers going through, you know, all of that. But your trauma's not your fault, but your healing's your responsive responsibility. Correct. And I think by the end of the movie, that's what he learns.


That's what I wish I would've, y'all would've explored a little bit more because we saw the problems. Yeah. But where was the solution? I'm gonna watch the Emini here. Not promise this. You were gonna let us take time to watch the last three minutes of the picture at some point together. And wait, we gotta Stop talking about this. This is a spoiler. You know what, Charlamagne watched the movie because listen, he is, he, he really watching he been talking about this is yesterday. Look, he be up here lying to everybody about listening to the albums before we come in here, interview people. He done told he done Look people dead in the eye.


I watched the show. Didn't, I did not Watch the show at all. He watched this movie called me. Yo, you need to watch. Yo, this is, this is great. This is his greatest role ever. And I'm like, this how you know he is in here expounding a brick. I love that. Guess what Jess told me when I said you should watch Magazine Dream. Hmm. I will. But I'm, let me finish watching Tyler Perry. You did for work though. For work Jay, look Yeah. For work. Look, look. Go ahead. Go ahead. I was paid to do a review on the movie. Yeah. Because, you know, I be doing reviews. Look, magazine Dreams is one of the Best movies. Aze paid paid Jeff to watch the movie. Love my brother.


We love our brother Tyler Perry for Jeff to watch the movie. I get it. Listen, there was a movie, I don't know if you I I saw it. It was a movie. It's called The Actor Who was chased around the city. He actually was gonna name it The actor who was chased around the city by the white woman. But he, that was too long. Chose to too long. Yeah. It was too long. You need to watch it. Yes. And it's good. Yes. You Know, might trigger you or I was Gonna say or not. 'cause you, you know, you might No, no, no. 'cause the redemption for him is in the movie. Oh. So you okay. And I just gave it away. But you need to watch it.


Amen. Yes. And I only got a couple. Man. Love you. His name is Raz from Baltimore. He makes films based on Amen. You know, controversial points In people. I'm sorry, is This a real movie? It's a real movie. Oh my goodness. Some things on Tubby that get like, You know, it's a real movie. Oh wow. Yes. Listen, keep doing the work. My brother Magazine Dreams is in theaters right now. Go see it. Go check it out. It's, it's, And I, I can't wait to see all the think pieces in the conversations, bro. Film. Yeah. You know, and remember, redemption is not perfection. My brother. Good to see you, man. I Will salute to Jonathan Majors. Make sure you check out his movie Magazine Dreams.


Now the latest with Lauren is up next morning Everybody. It's dj, Nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight face Off. She gets them from Somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She be having the latest on this, the Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Shamia Mor and Portia Williams relationship is not the same. Y'all. Mm. Damn. I am so sad to report that. Even though I don know her, huh?


I really am. I love them as a friend, as friends on the show. I don't know how in depth this is and what that fully means, but Portia got online and talked about it the other day. Let's take a listen. I don't don't know if Kandy said I didn't like Shamia. I think what Kandy said was she doesn't believe we're as cool as we used to be. And yes, that's true. When you come on the show and you have certain expectations, it, and then things seem to turn on you without you knowing. You know, they can change any relationship. But I don't think Candy said anything like that. Don't, y'all don't be trying to stir stuff up now. 'cause you know how y'all do. So why didn't I post Shamia a song? Well, she didn't send it to me to post. I guess Shamia sent it to everybody, but she didn't send it to me, so, so I didn't have it to post.


It Seems to be the storyline this week. Shut Up. Oh, I'm sorry. But I did say that when she was up here. Remember? I did too. I said the fact that Shamia let you know, somebody talk about Porsha now was her best friend and didn't check her immediately. Immediately. I just thought it was a Little odd For me. It was the car scene in the first episode of, of this season of Real Housewives of Atlanta. The way of Shamia responded. I was like, I know Shamia takes a lot in their friendship, but I've never seen her outwardly express it. So I was just shocked to see that. But I will say Shamia has been holding Portia down, like to find out that they not as close as they are right now. And I've been watching some of us shamie's recent interviews. She's been doing what she's been promoting her new song Never had, which she's out right now. Like, she told one outlet that, you know, she has had conversations with Portia in the past about disappointment.


But it is what it is. And you know, she's still a good friend and will always be a good friend. And then she told another outlet that when it was about the whole Drew thing, that like she didn't fool with Drew doing whatever she's trying to do right now with Dennis. And she's like, yo, y'all know I sing and Shamia song is actually good. She was like, y'all know, I, she song is dope. Your I icing And I do TV stuff. And Dennis has reached out to me to do multiple things and I've always said no because I didn't wanna muddy the water. It's like I wanted to keep it respectful. So she's still been holding it down for Porsha though. Didn't Made Ben film this show though. They did Ben film the show so They know that they know they wasn't on good terms way before today or this week. Yeah. But I'm saying we just seen it. Shamia coulda got in the interviews and said anything though. Some Of it playing out Now. Yeah, it's playing out now on TV even though it's already filmed.


But she's doing these interviews now. Okay. And still keeping it very like, you know, respectful of whatever is happening. Yeah. That's how reality TV work. 'cause even in loving and hip hop, like that's how a lot of like with, you know, Yandy and Menis, what they're going through right now. They're, they're not the chuckle. No, I love, I love Yandy. I recently met her, but that whole thing is Crazy. The whole thing is crazy. Yeah. What's going on Hip? You've been filmed it, but they are, you know what I'm saying? Like, they're going through it. They're living it in real time. Jess, You gotta feel UNK in, you feel? Alright. So love hip hop, you know, Menis and Yandy? Yes. So apparently they were in the club and somebody had pulled men's arm to ask him, are you married?


And so he tells the the woman it's complicated. Oh yes. He didn't say yes. He didn't say no. He said it's complicated. Oh. So then Yandy sees that and she noticed the girl. So she goes in men's dm and she dms the girl as Mendee and said, Hey. And then the girl said, Hey. Oh. And so yeah, that, that's it. Now people don't believe that it was actually her. They believe that it's him and that, you know, she's just covering for her husband cheating. That's what's going on. And the son Lumen DC even came out and said, no, it wasn't my stepmom, it was me. What? Who did it? Yes, yes, yes. And then the, their daughter, the foster daughter, she just jumped on Instagram and she redid it and she said, no, it's me.


Oh, I respect that. Yeah. Because Black men don't cheat. Yeah. So it's everybody. Butman DC That's right. Is the thing. IIII respect that snoop to that family Down. So that's, that's, that's what's going on, Lauren? Yes. All right. So that, that's all your stories. Yes, I'm done. Okay. Look, so I know that you're single And I want, that's, that's not a joke. That's not a joke. I know that you're single, but people don't know what you want. That's the thing. Okay. So what I, what I'm doing is I have two potentials for people to know what you want. You have to let us know. Okay. So look, I'm gonna give you two options. You gonna pick, okay. All right. So 34-year-old man, no kids. Master chef with a show on food network.


Intentional lover. Very romantic. Okay. He's resourceful and supportive, but he's insecure. He got trust issues and he's manipulative. Oh, that's number one. Two 40-year-old, two teenage kids from a previous marriage. So he's been married before divorced. Okay. All right. CEO of an established tech company. Emotionally intelligent. His love languages are acts of service and physical touch. But he don't believe in God. And his best friend is his mother. I like this. Jess said, I know how to get her outta here. I'm gonna find her a man. You know what? Shut up. You trying to get me pregnant, Jess. No, I'm not trying to get you pregnant. Get her ass on maternity back. Trying in, Hey, come on.


Yo, for real. Which one? Because I know that you do believe in God. I do. You are a Christian. And I'm taking these men serious. Like, I'm not just like playing with their feelings. I wish I had ba balloons. So you can pop, but we need to know what you want. People call up all the time. I tell Lauren I'm looking for, but are they good enough? It's so hard. 'cause the god, the God thing is really big for me. But also the insecurity thing is like, I'm gonna be Miserable. And he's manipulative too. That the 34-year-old. Yeah. We gonna be in there tit for tat All so we can, we can revisit and, and back in the, in the Third eye. No, I feel like I need to answer it now. Okay. You should. I think because The fact that you can't lets people know that you don't even know what you want.


No, I know what I want. Okay. I think I'm just weighing options. It's the lesser evils. It's, it's like, Don't believe in God and he best friends with his mother. And you gotta think about that. Yeah. Being best friends with your mother. It is, it, it can be great. But I will say, but it can be scary at the same time when you got a woman, it can, But if it's manageable, I like men who have great relationships with their mothers. They, they're, it, they, it's just a little bit different. They, they're not trying to find something. The god thing. How deep is his? How deep is his disbelief or non-belief in God? He Don't go to church. He don't believe in God, God at all. He doesn't, well, he doesn't even believe in, in higher being. He believe that we are energies. Okay. And we're just colliding. I, I would probably take the second guy, Second guy, don't believe in God. And that's best friends with his mom.


Only Because I feel like I would need to explore the friendship it with the mom. And maybe it's just a, it's maybe it's healthy. Maybe it's a, he was raised well and the god, the spiritual thing. I, you know, I walk with God And I think that my faith journey, I could bring them on in because we get married. You can bring them in. We get married in the church outside of birth. We're perfect for the Lord. Yeah. All the time. I love it. That's what my walk looks like. All right, cool. Now you know these men in real Life. No, absolutely not. But I just, I'm trying to figure it out. Just do it. I'm like, what you want, what is happening? Girl, I thought you had a this a little she for me. People are gonna hear this 'cause they wanna know what you want. So now the right men gonna be calling up looking for you. And we gonna turn, we don't you gonna get your now On the atheist about to be in my dms.


Good luck, Lauren. Thank you. You going need it. Don't get the of the Day. We Give you donkey before, after the hour. Man. We need this freaky ass teacher, Brittany Fortenberry to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with her, please. All right, we'll Get to that next. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. I was born a donkey. It's the Donkey of the devil. Put a Donkey of the Day. That's pretty fun. Charlamagne the devil. Possibly The Breakfast Club. Yes. Donkey. Today for Friday, March 21st goes to a 31-year-old Indiana teacher named Brittany Fortenberry.


Now Brittany was a school teacher at Eminence High School in Martinsville, Indiana. And you know, we have all these conversations about needing teachers that care because a lot of them don't. Well, Brittany is not gonna be because stop saying that. Okay. I told y'all before, do you know how crazy, scary, spooky and slightly hilarious it is That we just wake up and drop our kids off someplace with a, with a bunch of adults. We don't even know that's what school is. Sure we know our kids' teachers names. Well, the women do. Sure, we might have spoke to them a little bit, but we don't really know these people. We don't know these teachers. We have no idea what they be on outside of that school. And all we can do is pray that our, our kids don't run into a Brittany Fortenberry.


Because Brittany is what we call a preta whore. Okay? A preta whore. A pre a preta whore is a predator whore hybrid. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? She's a preta whore. Well, let's go to Fox 59 for report please. The Latest victim came forward after Forten. Barry's case got significant media attention at the end of February. At the time, the original victim, a high school student, told police Fortenberry had sexual relations with him and at least five, maybe 10 other students. One of them came forward and in new charging documents filed this week, told investigators Fortenberry gave the boys shrooms that made him feel funny, saying she would wait about an hour before grabbing their arms and sexually touching herself with them.


The 14-year-old victim went on to tell investigators that Brittany made him watch while she had sex with his friends and that she would pleasure herself using his school pictures. The boy also recounted a specific encounter at Forten Berry's home where Fortenberry made them wear masks from the horror film Scream. And they proceeded to take turns having sex with her for the next two hours. Fortenberry was also facing charges after police say she sent sexual videos to students at Eminence High School. Her husband also charged with intimidation and failing to make a report. The mother of one victim told police, Nicholas Fortenberry knew about things and threatened to slaughter the victim and front of her if he came forward and reported the abuse.


Jesus Christ freaky ass teacher. Brit Brittany Fortenberry, a teacher was buying these high school kids expensive gifts. You heard the news report. She was giving 'em shrooms and weed and vapes and liquor. On one occasion. She allegedly spent $600 on a group of teens and then forced them to have group sex with her. She paid these teenagers to run a train on her. Okay? While they all wore masks from the movie Scream. My God, if you want to ghost facing Thelan to run a train on you, Wu-Tang is going on tour this summer. Okay? This woman is sick. And what I don't understand is she sounds like she would be a good time for a man or men of legal age. Listen, if you are a woman who wants to get gang banged, who am I to judge? If you want a plethora of penises going in and outta you, do your thing.


Do your thing. Do your thing. Wang Tang. Bangal Ang. Okay, have a phone party. Dammit. Hot dog eating contest. Lemme see how many gls you can gobble in an hour if that's what you want to do. But why can't you find someone of legal age to participate in these acts and you a teacher? And by the way, you wasting your time being a teacher. I respect people who can do more than one thing. But back in August, two students reported that you sent them inappropriate videos of sex toys. You had a stripper pole in your house. You had nude pics that you were sending them through ig. You really want to be a porn star, okay? You don't wanna be no damn teacher. All right? You wasting your talents. Unless of course you are a sex education teacher, I bet any amount of money, her sex education class would be incredible.


Oh, what Mac? What? Mac just walked in. What medium? Mac? I All right, now hear me out. No, no, no. Wait a minute. No, no. It Don't sound as bad as it. No Max. No Max. That's The, listen, that's the class where the students give the teacher a D or a Alright, bye. Oh wow, max. I'm serious. Bye. Hey, shout out To Mr. Lockwood, my Spanish teacher. I wanted to roll my RS on her. Like please give Brittany Fortenberry the biggest. He are. That's Crazy. He said Mr. Too. He did say Mr. He said Mr. But then he said her. So I'm gonna mind my business. Even though Trump did sign the executive order. I'm gonna respect it. You don't know what he identifies as, I'm gonna respect it.


Okay? You did say something that I just made me think about it. What I don know. None of my kids teaches names. Names the Gia do though. That's, I said that's why I said the women, do I don Gia? Do I I don't. I know the faces, I know the face. I see what's up. But I, I barely know the faces. I always know the faces at open houses. You know what I'm saying? Like, I think about stuff like that all the time. Like, why don't I know these people? I should know the teacher's Names. My wife know him, my wife know him, my wife. Talk facts, talk to him. Facts. I don't, you know, that's why I said the women do. I know the face, but I don't know the names. Yeah, something happened. I'd be like, what class is he in? I'd be like, show me a picture. Alright. Alright. Well thank you for that Donkey of the Day. Now, yesterday Felicia Rashad was here and you guys had a conversation. I missed it 'cause I was getting honored at my alumni, my school at university SL to HBCUs.


Okay. For black. A family conference. I'm not Dominican. Shut Up. I'm, Hey man, I'm letting everybody live. They lie today. Felicia Rashad said this. Oh, he said I ain't got the clip. Lemme just look at the producers for a second. Hey man, they told me 20 minutes this clip Is, why is this east side high? Right here. Go ahead Jeff. Go off. Damn. Oh, they got it now. Okay. You know, you came up in the era, miss Rashad, where, where dignity and grace were everything. But do you ever look at how wild Hollywood is now? And you just think to yourself, y'all, y'all wouldn't have got away with that, might they? Well, you'd have a look at Hollywood. I could look at the way young ladies dress. The young ladies are so beautiful And I, And I don't mean to be critical And I hope young ladies listening, don't take this as personal criticism.


'cause I don't mean it that way. But you young queens, I'm taken aback when I see on a college campus, young women dressed in strips of clothing. But more importantly than that, no man wants woman to be out like that. Right? Well let's get your opinion on what she said. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Fellas, how do you feel ladies? How do you feel? Let's discuss. We'll do it when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone. Calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us yesterday, Felicia Rashad stopped through the show. We got a chance to sit down and talk with her. And this is one thing she said about the way women dress today. Let's listen. You know, you came up in the era Miss Rashad with where dignity and grace were everything. So do you ever look at how wild Hollywood is now? And you just think to yourself, y'all, y'all wouldn't have got away with that my day? Well, you'd have a look at Hollywood. I could look at the way young ladies dress. Mm. The young ladies are so beautiful And I, And I don't mean to be critical And I hope young ladies listening, don't take this as personal criticism 'cause I don't mean it that way, but your young queens, I'm taken aback when I see on a college campus, young women dressed in strips of clothing.


But more importantly than that, no man watches woman to be out like that. Right. So we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 and asking, how do you feel, Jess? I feel like she, she definitely was spot on. You know, even if it's not for a man though, Emini here. 'cause I know that she turned to you Charlamagne and she asked, you know, would you want your woman out, you know, exposing her body not for nothing. It it's even for yourselves, you know, like just having dignity and just, you know, respecting yourself, leaving something to their imagination. I know my grandmother and my mother used to say that all the time, leave something to their imagination. Now I've dressed skimpy and all that, but it is a time and place for it.


I believe. I believe it's sometimes, ain't nothing wrong with showing what you got, you know what Emini here. But like, it's a time and place for it. And I did it more when I was single, so I understand. I get it. Shala Emini here. Like I said in the interview, I grew up on meth man saying, you know, three fourths of cloth never showing your stuff off. Na saying baggy sweatsuits and mystery. What's underneath them? Like, you know, so it was, to me it was just, it's always been about just the beauty. Like, you know, what does that, what does your face look like? Yeah. And then you imagine what's underneath all of the clothes. I totally understand what Feliz Ms. Ms Rashad is talking about. I, I agree with Jess. There's a, there's a place in time for everything. Right? And the reason I say that is my wife, when we was teenagers, she wore, what do they call the bicycle shorts and, and the tops.


That's, that was the style back then. You know what Emini here. But she also wore baggy clothes and, and, and, and jerseys and, and hoodies. It was a, it was a balance though. She ain't wear skimpy stuff all day long. But she did wear that biker shorts when she was out running track and playing ball or whatever it was. But I think there's a balance in things. And I do think it's sexier when women do have on clothes like a, like a, like a black dress, like a, you know, a fitting black dress. Or even when women be out here walking around in the, the the yoga pants. With the yoga outfit outfit. That's why I like to see my wife in when she got on her yoga. Well yoga pants ain't skimpy, but it is sexy. That's what Emini here. Like that's what I like to see. I like to see my wife in that black dress with them. Yoga pants, that shirt. Because you can Still see her shape, but you're not seeing in your person skin. Exactly. Got it. Exactly.


Well, Let's go to the phone lines. We have Dom on the line. Dom, good morning. Good Morning. Hey, what's up Dom? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? So I'm just returning back to college. Good morning all of y'all. Good morning. Morning. I leave y'all every morning. What school? I'm just returning back to college after 10 years. I'm 30. What College? What college? What School? University of Louisiana at Lafayette. Okay. Congrats. So back in the day I was all with it, you know, I was all with the, you know, we wearing bras to the party and you know, all that bras. So now like going back to school, it's like looking at 'em. It's 40 degrees outside and Louisiana doesn't get that cold. We just had a freeze recently and they had,


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Is this a good time? It's me, Dylan Mulvaney and my dear friend Joe Locke from Heart Stopper and Agatha all along is my very first guest on my brand new podcast, the Dylan Hour. It's musical mayhem and it is going to be so much fun. I like a man. You like a man? What do I like Joe? You like a man too. We often, there's some, there's quite similar, there's some cross pollination happening in here. Not like no. Have we? No, No, Not yet. Never. Not yet. Say never. I cannot wait for all you girls Gaze and Maze to join me on this extremely special pink confection of a podcast. There is so much darkness in this world and what I think we could all use more of is a little joy. Listen to the Dylan Hour on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcasts. Love ya.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex.


And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra.


Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one, I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey girls out there wearing strip clothes going to class and it's like, so what you going Emini here? We don't have those classes. You know, like we don't have a class that entitles you to dress like that. That's funny as hell. So, Nah, like for real. Like what you gonna do in the class? Like you got hills on why, what we got six inch hills for and we walk in and it's ice and we can't even drive in the snow, let alone walking. Like we don't even have snow boots out here and it snowed and y'all walking around in heels and little shorts And I know y'all cold. That's funny. As ain't a clash on this campus that you should be dressing like that to go to.


Hello, who's this? This is Najee. Hey Najee. Good morning. What's your thoughts? What Felicia Rashad said, Nobody cares about what a man wants. At the end of the day, they're gonna do what they wanna do regardless if you dress fully or if you're naked. They, they cheat on the ones that they put up right now, you know? But see everybody not like that. Like I, you sound like you're little hurt Boston things. You know what? Emini here like it. I'm Not her Jason. Okay, okay. No, no, no. I, And I totally get understand what you're saying. It's not all about men, but all men don't cheat and sometimes you, they don't, you definitely want your companion. You wanna be attractive to your companion and you definitely wanna value, you know how they look at you as well.


You know what I'm saying? Especially if you're in it, if you're in a committed relationship, you definitely care about what your man think, you know? Yeah. Emini here. That only is in reference to if you have a man, but if you're just dating or if you're married, that you can take into consideration. But Right. If you're just dating, why should what you wear matters to that person. If you want a bad bitch, you got a, a devil, come with her. You get what I'm saying? Yeah, I, I understand. Well, Lemme ask you a question. What would be the reason for a woman to dress like that then? Dress. Like what? Like if they just want to just, I don't know, just what you call 'em, provocative or you talking provocative with thong in their ass. Like what, what would be the reason to do it when girls be just outside with the nipples, nipples covered and nothing else?


It's different settings. Like, you know, you have the club, you know, you got, you know, in the summer block parties and you know, if you wanna be seen just certain things, you know, like certain. And then it's also the music too. You know, certain music, I ain't gonna lie, certain music make me wanna put on certain things and, and dance. Yeah, you know what Emini here, it just depends on the setting though. So you're doing it for you. Yeah, sometimes. Okay. It depends, you know, 'cause some, some women do it, they do do it for men or they're man or whatever. Some, some of it is like that. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Felicia Rashad was here yesterday and this is what she said. You Know, you came up in the era Miss Rashad, where, where dignity and grace were everything. So do you ever look at how wild Hollywood is now? And you just think to yourself, y'all, y'all wouldn't have got away with that my day.


Well You'd have a look at Hollywood. I could look at the way young ladies dress. Mm. The young ladies are so beautiful And I, And I don't mean to be critical And I hope young ladies listening, don't take this as personal criticism 'cause I don't mean it that way, but your young queens, I'm taken aback when I see on a college campus, young women dressed in strips of clothing. But more importantly than that, no man watches woman to be out like that. Right? Do you agree? Let's discuss it. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time.


Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Now Felicia Rashad stopped through yesterday and we had a discussion about some of the things that women wear. And this is what she said. You know, you came up in the era, miss Rashad, where dignity and grace wear everything. So do you ever look at how wild Hollywood is now? And you just think to yourself, y'all, y'all wouldn't have got away with that My day. I don, you'd have a look at Hollywood. I could look at the way young ladies dress. The young ladies are so beautiful And I, And I don't mean to be critical And I hope young ladies listening, don't take this as personal criticism 'cause I don't mean it that way.


But your young queens, I'm taken aback when I see on a college campus, young women dressed in strips of clothing. But more importantly than that, no man wants his woman to be out like that, right? So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Zola. Hey, calling from South Carolina. What's up Zola? What's your thought? 8, 4, 3. Okay. So I feel like it's not what you wear, it's how you wear. And of course like times have changed now, so I don't know. It is just different. This is not the 1940s and sixties no more. So Jesus, I don what they got to do with anything. They had mini skirts and stuff back then, I guess I'll be, I dress how I wanna dress.


That's just like, I don't know. But you know what, I think when you take a step back, right? Because you know, like you said, you know, some women walk around and they have their nipple shown or they have their thong up their ass. And I guess a lot of men wanna see it. They enjoy seeing it. But then I always take a step back and like if you got a daughter, would you want your daughter to wear that? Would you feel comfortable with your daughter walking out with her nipples out or her thong up her ass? Most men will say no. Oh, Your son. What? Well, it depends on how old she is at the end of the day. 'cause if she grown, she grown. But see, I got like three daughters, so I don't know. That might be something to think about. Yeah. But I don't care how grown you are. My daughter ain't coming in the house showing her nipples and her thong and neither is my son. But it's not even, you don't gotta wear your, you don't gotta show your nipples and your thongs to be sexy. So it's just, it's different things.


So, And I agree with that. That's the Point. So do you agree with it or disagree with it? Do you think women should cover up a little bit? I disagree with it. Okay. Okay. I don know. Alright. Like it was even me, like a big deal. I don person, I'm an open-minded person too, so I disagree with that. Okay. Because I just succeed a lot. A lot. How, How much do you weigh? Oh boy. Oh no. Oh no. Al Ma, we not doing this this morning. What? I just heard you say you had three kids. I'm just asking a question. Okay, So I, no. Okay, so I weigh like 1 74. How tall are you? Like One seventy four. Five five. Don't call me obese either. We not doing that.


5 5 1 75 1 74. We not doing that. Don't do That. I didn't do nothing. I'm just asking questions I haven't said on Word And I had twins. Let's add that, let's add that in there. And I had twins full term, so we not, not doing that. Okay. Okay. Okay. All Charlamagne. I, I have nothing to say. Shout to the 8, 4, 3. You know what I'm saying? Usually you do things based off objects. Nope. Not doing that Today. Nope, not doing it today. Okay. Hello? 5 1 75. You figure it out. Hello. How You doing? What's up sig? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? I'm, I'm too honest with this. Right? People should be able to dress how they want to dress. Right. But be smart about it. Right?


Like know where you at and what you doing. Like at HBCU, you don't gotta dress in plastic clothes all day, every day. Especially when it's cold outside. I see these, see these women be talking about, ooh I'm cold. Ooh I'm so cold. But they wearing nothing but a, a crop top and a skirt. That is a thing. I don't know, like people do not like this generation. There's a certain generation, especially the young youngins, they don't like wearing jackets for some reason when it's freezing outside, it don't make no sense. No, You're right. But thank you brother. But the whole like not covering up thing. Didn't somebody else just make that a bit, I think it was Shere Shepherd. It was a, some red carpet and she went on her show and she had followed up with the looks that were on the red carpet and Megan had like, oh, pasties on her nipples.


And then like it was just some big award show where the red, well most of the ladies had like pasties past, past outfits or whatever, you know. And she was even kind of speaking to what Rash was saying, Rasha was saying. And I agree for, you know, to a certain extent they weren't ass naked on the red carpet. But she was saying like it was a level of class that used to be required, you know, and just unspoken women just covered themselves. They didn't let it all hang out. Even on red carpet, Like you said earlier, it's a time and a place like I think that, you know, of course the beach, we know that. Right. But like Jess said earlier, the club, if you go into the club, there is club out there. Club fits right? Yeah.


But you know what the red carpet, you know people have, you know they do that for the red carpet to get that attention. Right. You remember seeing Lil Kim's dress where, you know, where she had 1 1 1 breast out. You know what? Emini here and she got fondled and nobody ever said nothing. Lil Kim got fondant on live television. Diana Ross. Oh yep, yep. And nobody said said nothing. Wow. Yeah. And she plucked a nipple, Plucked it. She gave it a little jiggle. Jiggle gave it a Jgg. Yes. We got Jennifer Lopez's outfit. People were talking about how quote unquote provocative that Was. That was fly though. Mm. I thought Emini here, the little Kim thing was fly for its time. But the JLo thing was because it was just a fitted suit, if I'm remembering that right. Nobody else said no when Prince had his ass out. Touche. I think people Did say something didn't he didn't the comedian daddy, daddy Said so didn't go in on Yeah, when your daddy said, I'm not repeating what my daddy said on the radio.


Okay. Right. But it was a nineties gay slur. I'll tell you that. What's the ball of the story y'all? Lord? I'm not sure. I just felt like, you know, it's a time and a place for everything. That's just the, the moral of the story. It's the time and a place for it. Oh Listen to your eldest. 'cause you ain't like Felicia, she not wrong. It's just a conversation starter. But she not wrong in what she's saying and She even said she didn't wanna offend any of the youngins, so. Yep. Alright, well we got Pastor s when we come back, Nala will be joining us, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Pastor Oaks.


Dj, spin. Spin Simone. What's up guys? Hey girl, how are you? Good, good. Let's get into it. First I'm gonna start with the slower record because Wale is about to drop a album, but he just drops his first single off the project called Blanco. My God. Wale, it's about to get warm. Yes. Not right now man. But I do like it though. Emini here. I get it. He's obviously dealing with some things. Yes, yes It is dope. But God, I miss Wale though. It's been a long time since Wale came out. People About to be outside. I trying to keep people in the house. We express His feelings man.


I just saw him in the media. He was telling people get his name right. Somebody What you mean? Somebody? Yeah, somebody pronounce his name wrong and they, they had tweeted it. Somebody else famous was like, is it Whale or Wale? And he was like, yo, stop playing with my name. Yeah, I agree. Stop playing with his name. Y'all know my name is Yeah, he's too well established man. Nah, that's my guy. Su Dwa. Yes. All right, next Currency dropped the tape last Friday and my favorite record on there is called Airport Industries featuring W Khalifa. It has like that blog air Fill Summer Night Vibe. Summer Night Vibe. Okay. Su The currency Currency's Consistent. You know what I'm saying? Like I feel like when you hear a currency record, you hear a currency record. Like it's just consistent. Like it's okay. Like what?


What Jeff said is cool, it's like summer night vibe. It's kind of like that song that's playing on the summer night around 9 30 10, 10 30 y'all lick with y'all. Not really lit Cars. You Like that? Yeah, I think with like the Alchemist and two chains. Yeah. Alchemist Two Chains and Larry June project. I think this currency project kind of is like the next follow up for me as far as things I'm listening to personally. But I did my first like all rap night where I just spun straight rap the entire night in Brooklyn at this spot called Alala. And a lot of artists came up and we played a lot of unreleased music. But one that really stood out to me that night was this LOX record by HD Bendo.


He's from Brooklyn. Shout out Brooklyn. Who that HD Bendo. Okay, that's nice. Yeah. Okay. HD Bendo you from Brooklyn? Yes. Okay. Got that energy. And the beat is hard Dropped. Yes it is. Cool. Agreed. Okay, last one. Sorry. It's all Rap today guys, but shout out to Leon Thomas and Chris Brown. I know they dropped the remix to Mutt What? Nice. And then also Doja Cat and, and he's in the back. Doja Cat and Jack Harlow also dropped their record, but we'll get into that next week. I wanna make sure I shout out Saba and no id. They just dropped their joint album and my favorite record on there so far is called West Side Bound featuring m Ms. Pivot. Oh, they kind of cut a shirt, but what y'all think West Side bound MFP.


I be tripping off the names, but who am I to talk when I grew up off Ghost Face Killer and Project Pat? You know what, Emini here. Okay, wait, which name? Mf. Because they don't be sounding like rappers be like West Side Bound. I'm like, All right. That's the name of the song song. The Song. That's sound. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. And MF Mellow. MF Mellow was his Name. That's no, that's the feature on the project but Huh? You confused. Huh? So whose record was that? We just heard that was s That Saba's record produced by No Id. They have a joint album out. Alright. I know. No Id, Oh Lord, I should, you should know all of them, but I'm Learning you teaching me. Oh my God. Okay. Okay. Yes. So Who is the people getting Saba Baby. I know Saba Baby. No, not Saba baby. That's a whole Saba.


Sabas. SBA Man. You are so far behind. It's really Not Saba. Saba. Saba. Oh my Saba. Okay. And MF Mellow. So those two are in a group called Pivot Game. They're from Chicago. Got you. West side of Chicago. And I picked that record in particular because in that song they're pretty much saying how they got their come up and their story and was able to tour and how he comes from a family full of musicians. But speaking of families, and it's Your job as a DJ to teach. That's what DJs are. DJs are teacher. So you're introducing people to new music. Yes. So you're not just introducing me to new records. You're introducing the listeners too. This Is true. Yes, this is True. Don't assume everybody knows 'cause they, I'm telling you they don't.


Right? Yes. Could you over here say si baby? I'm like, no. But speaking of family's envy, I know that Casey crew was just honored by Hampton for the 43rd annual doing this conference of black families. Thank you so much. Shout out to you. Oh, finesse. I respect the congratulations. Oh my goodness. This Dominican man, Sue gets Dominican gets Dominican awards, black fathers aren't important. I know they're, but let's talk about this one. Dominican, I'm Black. You got nominated for a DJ award at a Dominican award show that did happen.


And you convinced the HBCU to give an a wolf of being a black man. You honor. Dominican Award show. That was a long time ago. Couple years ago. Couple years Ago. You special. I did. They did honor me, but I'm black because you know what he says that I'm Dominican. So much crazy. The balloons say GAY. That's crazy. No. Had to make Sure the balloons say love sky's an ass. But yeah, you know, actually when they gave me the honor, they was like, yeah, Charlemagne on the radio says every day that he's Dominican. And we looked it up and he's really black. So, you know, looked It up. Where I Daniel to take DNH. We talking about, we Talking about him being a great Congratulations.


Thank you so much. You thank you so much. I Appreciate it. Thank you so much. Yay. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Get up. Get up. Oh man. Come on. Do it. Come On up. Next is the People's Choice Mix. Get your request on. I am not I Come on. Oh my goodness. I about this place here. I hate this Place. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Hey everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I gotta salute to everybody. First and foremost, thank you so much for my honoring me at the 43rd Annual Black conference in Hampton.


I appreciate it so much. Congratulations Again, man. Alright. Really love this. Thank you. My wife was there. We couldn't bring all the kids there, but me and my wife, we, we took that award and we just wanna say thank you so much for everybody that honor and they put on an amazing ceremony. So thank you so much. Tonight I'm actually gonna be in Detroit. I'm doing the Alpha Phi Alpha Midwestern Region party tonight. So shout to everybody in Detroit. And in Saturday I'm gonna be hanging out with West Bellamy. You know, he's doing the BCIC tournament. Oh, that's this weekend. That's this weekend. Oh yeah. So I'm gonna be hanging out with him. And then after I'm doing Harold's Chicken and Ice bar, I tell you I'm black. Yo, you, you pretending to be black. I don people doing it pretending to be black. Yo. Just hilarious. You're gonna be in Cincinnati this weekend, right? Yep. I'll Be in Cincinnati tonight.


Guys meet me at The Funny Bone. We got two shows tonight. We also have two shows tomorrow. I will be doing Meet and Greet after the Late Show tonight and the Late Show tomorrow. So get your tickets@jessofficial.com. I believe Saturday is sold out, but there are still tickets available for tonight. So I'll see you when I land in a few hours. Cincy Big Cincinnati. And I wanna tell everybody, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay, Sarah Jakes Roberts will be on that stage doing her Women of Evolve podcast Live Tank. And Jay Valentine will be doing their RB Money podcast live. So go get your tickets this weekend, black effect.com/podcast festival and we'll see you Saturday, April 26th. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I gotta remind you guys too, my book comes out April 15th and my second book, the first one was a national bestseller. And I appreciate everybody for supporting Go Out and pre-order is real life, real Family. We talk about raising our six kids. Our oldest is 23, our youngest is three. And we just talk about the trials tribulation. I always say, why You slow down? Why you talking so Dominican? Talk so fast. Slow down, bro. I always talk about that. There's no instruction manual when it comes, when you have kids, when you, when you, when that child pops out, they don't give you an instruction manual. So you have to figure it out. So we've, we've done it, we, we've done it six times and we talk about everything, the, the good, the bad and, and all in between. So if you haven't had a chance, pre-order the book again.


It comes out April 15th. What's It called? Real Life. Real Dominicans. Real Life. Real Family. Real life. Real family. Real life. Real family. That's right. We'll be heading on tour too, so we'll be popping up in some cities. So hopefully we hit a city closest to you guys out. Y'all, you got a positive note? I do, man. The positive note is simple. Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Okay. Live this day as if it were your last. The pass is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed. Y'all have a great weekend. Breakfast Club bitches. We don't finished or y'all Done.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both Wrap Four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called His Historical Records executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman Historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The legendary ES anthropologist, Harry Houdini was obsessed with the afterlife. I see a little boy, he is in a happy place. Join me, Tim Harford for a Cautionary Tales trilogy on the world's most famous magician and his campaign to ban mediums, a mission that would cost him friends and leave him fearing for his life. They're going to kill me. Listen to cautionary tales on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.