
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves, or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American Public University education that moves with you


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Key. Huey Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie roles of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones, in the Temple of Doom, alongside Harrison Ford. And then his data from the Cult Classic De Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins in the Academy at war. His performance in everything everywhere. All at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair. Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy, and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also Stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one. You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th.


Good Morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The guy. Peace To the Planet is Tuesday. How Y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. That's right. How you feeling, Jess? Good morning. Look, y'all. I was wondering, right, look, because y'all been married for a while. How do y'all like keep reinventing Valentine's Day? Reinventing it. Yeah. 'cause it's like, you know, well, not reinvent it. Make it special. Well, how do y'all celebrate, basically? Yeah. Make it special. Make her feel great. And how do they make you feel great? 'cause it's not, I I've never felt like it's all about the women.


It's not about the women. It's about the couple how, like what do y'all do? Do y'all just be chilling? Yeah. Do y'all spend massive amount of money every year? Is it the No. Okay. If you don't do anything, you haven't done anything for a long time. Yeah. Then that's what is expected on Valentine's Day. And then you can say silly stuff like, everything is Val. Every day is Valentine's Day. I hate That. I hate that. That's the first thing somebody would say, yo, every day birthday. Everyday Christmas. Like every Valenti day is the truth though. It's just a day. Yeah. I don't even know what day it is. It's, but you know what, I don't, I don't go out on Valentine's Day. Every time we go out with the wife, we never have a good time. Like they try to rush you in and out. They seem like they cook the food fast. 'cause there's so many people there. It's, and they trying to get their money No matter what restaurant. Yeah.


So flowers are extra, extra expensive. Everything is extra expensive on Valentine's Day. So Valentine's Day we just spend at the crib. We just watch movies. Just date night at the Crib. Just chill, Relax. And then we go out the day before and day after. But we spend like a, a, it's a couple days, but the Valentine's Day going out and, and they rushing you out. The whole, the, the, you know, the restaurant, the restaurant's cooking fast to get more people in. Yeah. Don't let society pressure you into having to celebrate on that day. It's too much pressure for no reason. It's a lot. And Trump putting tariffs on everything. I Know. I putting Tariffs on countries that have a lot of Valentine's Day stuff. Mm. I don't know if that's true, but that's, that's a good excuse. You true chocolate. You are true. I don know that. I know that to be true.


I don know what does chocolate. You like chocolate? I Don't even know what chocolate come from some Places. I don't know. I'm Trying brought flowers here And I had, But we get, we get a majority of them from Canada. Well, no, I don't know about that. I don what? That's what you read yesterday on the list. You was like, I Ain't say nothing. No flowers and chocolate. Now Mexico was avocados. Hershey's, Hershey, Pennsylvania is right up the street. Okay. They make chocolate there. All I'm simply saying is Valentine's Day is just another day. Don't put too much pressure on yourself. I have a dinner. Right. And I, instead of taking, I don't know, Chris was like, man, Mexican. Celebrate Valentine Day. First of all, shut up. Yeah, he did. He Googled this, what mine do. But I, but I wanted Shana to come. Right. And I'm trying to get her to wear a gown, a Dress, start celebrate Valentine's Day.


Yes, they did. What do you mean they regular people? Like what you talking about? Yes, they do. They celebrated. Okay. And she's on a dress girl. What it is like, I don't want her in no suit at the dinner. 'cause it's a formal event. Mexican, How you gonna bring a third person to a date on Valentine? No. 'cause she gonna have a date. She gonna have a date And she gotta wear a suit. Yes. Because the girl that she bringing is wearing A dress. For real? Yeah. They can't, they can't. No. People won't think they homegirls if they come and wear a dress together. Like No, No. Just sweat sweatsuits like they always do. Who? Studs? Yes. No matching sweatsuits. That's no, they, that, that's no studs. Don't date each other. Oh, studs don't date, date each other. No. That Is against the rule rubric. That is like Book number one.


That's Rule. Yeah. That's double gay. That's too much. Yo, this, this ain't Wild. Ooh Lord Mexican. Celebrate Valentine's Day on February 14th. They call it D ade Amor Wide Amistad, which translates the Day of Love and Friendship. And that's what Valentine's Day should be. That's what every day should be a day of loving for show. Okay. Why do we need that Mexican fake? Because you dating the Mexican. Yeah, I, I already knew that. Like what are you talking about Anyway? Jesus Christ. You better get the show cracking. Yes. Yes we are. Alright, well let's get the show cracking when we come back. We got front page dudes Morgan would be breaking down everything. And of course get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne The God we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne, the God and Jess. Hilarious. Y'all doing all right this morning? Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Alright, so here's the latest in the front page news. We'll talk tariffs securing the border. But first it is black history month. But the reality is not so much in the mil military as celebrations have been canceled with defense Secretary Pete Hegseth saying identity months are dead at DOD. This comes as the federal government is starting to end. Cultural diversity celebrations. The Department of Defense and the Department of Transportation announced over the weekend that officials won't commemorate cultural awareness.


Months going forward, this will end the recognition of months like Black history month, women's history month pride month among federal officials. Now the new leader of the Department of Defense, Pete Hegseth, confirmed there will be no celebrations of quote immutable characteristics among employees. The changes come following President Trump's claims that diversity programs were responsible for the deadly mid-air collision over Washington, Washington, dc. Any thoughts? Does he not understand that this, I I would think that this helps to raise the morale of, of people in the military. Like, you know, everybody wants to be seen. Everybody wants to be represented. You know, whether you black, whether you Latino, whether you a woman, whatever it is, Asian.


Like, you know, if you, you wanna rep your set while you're ing the American military, you still wanna rep your individual, individual set. And I think that's one of the cool things about the military that, you know, regardless of what you are, it brings everybody together in this one, you know, uniformed faction. But I think it's obvious that Trump doesn't care. He, he doesn't, And I don't think any anybody that's under his reign cares about any of that. But to Charlamagne's point, you know, it could boost morale to at least be celebrated on a, you know, celebrate your culture. Celebrate your heritage, celebrate something about yourself outside of what you are doing for your service that you're doing for the military World. Go Cinco de Mayo. I'm a, You know what I'm Saying? Definitely. Why they out there in the field? I'm there. They out there in the field, they wanna drink some quie, eat some taco.


Like we can't celebrate each other. Listen, you segue right into what I'm trying to talk about. So us defense secretary Pete Hegseth said it's a new era at the southern border. So all that Cinco de Mayo tacos, tequila stuff you talking about, nah, hegseth along with borders are Tom Holman visited El Paso, Texas on Monday to meet with troops manning the border saying it's time for the US to gain control of the border with Mexico. Let's hear more from Pete. Hegseth, Guys and gals of my generation have spent decades in foreign countries guarding other people's borders. It's about time we secure our own border. The charge that the president has given us to get 100% operational control of the southern border.


Yeah. So he, Seth also blamed the Biden administration for allowing undocumented Im migrants to come into the country. This of course comes as Trump declared a national emergency at the border, signed several executive orders to crack down on immigration at the start of his second term. I want 'em to get the border under control. I just don't understand why they're being fund police with everything else. Like what does, you know, people not being able to represent, I guess their individual identities. What that got do with getting the border under control? Oh, it's all about, it's all about the border. You know, everything boils down and boils back to the border. Emini here. Helicopter crashes, plane crashes. It's DEI and the border. I'm not sure. I don't know. But speaking of Mexico, we were talking about tariffs yesterday, right?


Tariffs on Mexico and Canada. Well they will be put on hold for a month following meetings with, of officials. President Trump's decision comes after he met with Mexican Mexican President Claudia Scheinbaum on Monday, and Canadian M Prime Minister Justin Trudeau later that afternoon. And a post on x scheinbaum said Mexico will send 10,000 National Guard members to the US border to prevent drug trafficking into the US On truth social, Trump said the US will negotiate with Mexico to attempt to get a deal done regarding tariffs between the two countries. He spoke more about that at the White House yesterday. Here's what President Trump had to say on tariffs in Mexico. We're gonna have a big negotiation with Mexico.


I'll be involved too and President Scheinbaum will be involved to see whether or not we can work something out on the tariffs. We've agreed to talk and consider various other things. We haven't agreed on tariffs yet. And maybe we will, maybe we won't. But we have a very good relationship In regards to Canada. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on social media that after, after a good call with Trump, Canada will implement a $1.3 billion plan to reinforce the 10,000 frontline personnel working to protect the border and stopping the flow of fentanyl. Tariffs against China are still set to go in effect, although Trump said a deal could be made to avoid them. When asked about Canada, what he would do to change the tariffs, Trump said he would like to see Canada become the 51st US state.


So, Oh, what, what else we got, man? Sue Bowl Hyundai. I'm not like, I'm not about to exhaust myself with this foolishness. Okay, Well I will tell you, since you are based in New York, New York, mayor Eric Adams, he said his team is reviewing on how the tariffs will impact New Yorkers. He said that he's gonna approach it and, and basically work with the administration. We've heard this before and he reiterated that the borders do need to be safe. Of course this is a warning call you guys if things have been pushed back for about a month. So keep in mind that if these tariffs are in place, things like maple syrup, beer, whiskey, lobster, eggs, beef, pork, salmon, wheat, cheese, tequila like you said earlier, avocado, peppers, beans, mangoes, limes, things like that will be impacted.


So you might wanna just go ahead and head out to the store and stock up on those things. Possibly also domestic and foreign auto industry will stand to be impacted along with gas, energy steel. So yeah, we'll keep you guys posted as to what's going on with the tariffs. And in the next staffer we'll talk about the sovereign wealth fund. Yay. Now you mentioned the mayor of New York back working. I know he was sick at one time and he was taking a couple of days off, but he's back working. Yes he is. He is back in the fold. Okay. Alright, well that is front page news now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate The way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is Blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. What's Up? What's up James? Get it off your chest brother. Nothing much. Good morning everyone. Jazzy Jess. What's up? What's up? What's up? Yeah. Yo, I saw this advertisement on Instagram the other day about these sneakers that give, they're for men that gives you three inches of height. They like lifts and it had me thinking, oh at first I was like, that's a pretty good idea.


But then I thought, isn't that lion kind of like that is ridiculous. Women would. So That is so lame. Why would you doing, why would you wanna do that? That's so corny. Why? Why? Why can't we just be happy with what God gave us? Because what if he's like four 11 and he's sick and he's sick of it. He's still four 11 even in them sneakers. And you gonna look extra dumb when you come out them sneakers in front of your, the whatever girl you're trying to impress. She gonna be like, what happened? Sneakers. That's what getting to, that's what I was getting to. Like isn't that lion kind of like with women with the weave and the pushup balls and all that stuff? Yes. Excuse Me. Yeah, a lot of people use the sneakers and they say those sneakers actually work and you can't tell like they look natural and they even got something else where they put a heel in the sneaker to make you look a little taller as well. Yeah, they look natural till you take 'em off. Imagine you meet the girl of your dreams talking about you.


I met this dude, he five, he about five nine. Right? Five 10. Right. And tell you you take them sneakers off and then she's like, what the hell Hell clown though. Because it literally just was like out wigs and pushup bros. That is totally different. What are you talking about? It's the same thing. No it's not. It's the same thing. You meet this girl, she got big ass breasts and then she take off her bra. They no, the breast still big. They just not perfect. Yeah, They just not sitting up. You Just not picking stay on the Floor. But to take off your shoes and be like five five And I thought you was five eight is disrespectful. That is. I agree. Or the same thing. You got beautiful hair. You think your hair is so beautiful. Then she put the wig on the, on the side. The same thing. I don't mind a wig. Yeah. Looks Like that's what I thought. That's what I thought.


Same thing. No, a wig is is different because a wig. It's not like she's trying to pretend that her hair is actually her hair. Yeah. With a wig. You know it's a wig. You trying To act like you will Smith what you causing? Yeah. Now I got a freaking jazzy Jeff. You and throw your ass up. Right? Jesus. Thank you brother. He don't order them. Hello? He definitely order, he order every color. Yep. Hello. Who's this? What's that? This DJ rock. A K Mr. Myrtle Beach. What's happening Myrtle? What's a rocking it off your chest? What's happening in the Myrle? Man, I love Myrtle Beach. Grew up in Myrtle Beach man. Sag. What's that? Sag. What's Happening? What's happening brother Look like? I heard this lady call up like a month or so ago, trying to give you flowers, talking about how handsome you are and all that.


I said look it man. Somebody to call and let Jess know that she a barbershop legend. For real? I'm a barbershop. Love Shit. You fine. Lemme tell you what happened, Jess. You remember there was a clip on your Instagram that, oh boy, that you did, I think like some your boyfriend woke you up and was like, who is this on your phone or something like that. And you was like, who is this? Who's this? You had some red panties on laying in the bed. Look at Christ Jesus. Everybody in the barbershop was talking about that that day. That was so many years ago. Wasn't it? Wasn't it like six or seven or eight years ago or something? Everybody came in the barbershop like, man, you seen that clip with Jeff? She was laying in the bed. Little boyfriend woke up. Everybody was like, yeah dog. Oh Yeah, that was the skit. I was in Miami. That was, yeah, that's the one. And then Jamie Fox commented on that too.


Yeah, I remember that girl Different. You Know what he not lying 'cause people be in my group chat and they'd be like, yo, my bad charlamagne. And then it'll be a clip of Jeff and some Tubie movie busting it open or something. First Of, excuse me. No, this is not an opportunity. I'm kidding. She group chat legend you to Everybody in the barber shop saw that like, yeah, Since we talking it hit it hit my group chat too. I had to block everybody. I'm who's talk my like my sis like that now. And They think, they think saying my bad is gonna be on my bad Charlamagne. Exactly. They think saying that is cool. Whatever. Whatever. Yo Jack, You could just blush it. Just blush it. Thank you brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


If you need to vent, hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether your man or black, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Hello, This is Brandon from Indy. What's up Brandon from Indy. How you Good Morning. I'm doing all right. How are you guys? Good morning. Good morning. Good. What's up man? Get it off your chest. Good. I just, just a question or kind of a weird thing. I've had a pretty tumultuous relationship with my mom throughout the years. I'm 33 now living on my own, paying my way through nursing school and got a full-time job and had to recently pretty much block her and cut her outta my life again for like the fifth time because she said that I needed help because I was upset that I didn't get invited to my niece's birthday party.


And I was just like, yo, could you just, you could have texted me or whatever. But this has been going on forever. So she sends me this long ass text saying how I need mental help and all this stuff. And I'm like, dude, I've been going to therapy for like six, seven years because of you. How am I the one that needs help? You said, how are you going to need help? How am I the one that Needs help? Oh, oh, so she's the one that's been traumatizing you and now she's telling you that you need help. That you Need help. Yeah. Yeah. She's taking, she's always taking her trauma out on everybody around her. So I'm just like, do I continue with ignoring her and not talking to her or do I be the bigger person? And I know a lot of people bridge again, a lot of people will tell you that's your mom. You should rectify it, you should fix it. But I think that your tar therapist will tell you that there's nothing wrong with boundaries.


And I'm a person that believes when you pray to God to take negativity outta your life, he not swinging that spirit. He's swinging at people in things. That's the embodiment of that negativity. And sometimes they appear in the form of your mother and your father and other family members. Yeah. So, you Know. Yeah. Well why didn't they want you there? Why didn't they want you at the party? Was there a reason? No, my sister said, she texted me, but I was like, no, I never got a text. I came out last summer actually and my whole family's been kind of treating me like crap. Oh, Okay. I still want to hit both sides. 'cause they might tell us some things about you that I'll be like, okay, I can understand why you didn't invite him but, well it Seems like he came out the closet and his and his family's ashamed. That's Oh, you came out the closet. I didn't hear that Far. Yeah. Yeah. He said he came out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And it's not the No more in 2025.


It's just out. It's a cool, I'm just out. I didn't know the term. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. Well listen, you gotta protect your peace brother. You know what I'm saying? I, I can't believe they don't love you just because you're gay. Are they Trump supporters? Emini here. He's the first one in my family. So it's crazy. It's crazy that I can get the I I get this treatment. Oh, Oh, you're the first gay in the family. The first guy like Mike. Oh, okay. My cousin is a, is a female and she's got a whole wife and a child with her. How do they treat her? Like She's straight like gold. Like gold. Like she's straight Still. Damn. What? They'll get over it. Yeah. It's just a shock. I'm sorry man. It's a shock right now. Yeah, It's all good. I appreciate you guys taking the time. I love it. Protect your peace though, brother. I'm telling you, I know that That's your family, Sorry for you.


But you can't allow nobody to treat you bad even, even if, even if they're your blood. You know what? Emini here and If you are happy it's about your happiness, you know? That's right. Yeah. And that's what I've been trying to focus on. And


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed delivering online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagine kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I guess I'll just keep it, keep it on that trajectory for now. Protect your penis and protect your peace. Okay, thank you so much. Alright, you guys have a good day. Yes sir. Should have said protect your bki, not your anyway. Off Your Idiot. How you know he about him? He sound like it's family. Jesus Christ for no reason. You know what I'm saying? Know it is dumb for won Family is like that. Now protect your penis. You gotta Protect your boy. Do you put a condom on your butt? Do you put a condom on your butt? Right? Gotta say anything. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up, but we talking about, Yeah, people been coming for Beyonce. Beyonce since she won for the best Country album.


But you know her father is not trying hear it. You know he gonna come to our defense every time. All right, well we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the EJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Jessica, Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody don't Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's the culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See.


It's time to set it off. So these white people have been in Beyonce ass, ain't they? Yeah, they upset. Well, not everybody, I would say it's not everybody, but there has been a conversation since the Grammy's like kind of Grammy hangover about We've Been trying it though. Yeah, since she Won. Yes. About Beyonce winning album of the Year for Country for Cowboy Carter because of her being in the country Music lane. So Matthew Knowles actually had to speak out against this and basically what he told TMZ is like, y'all keep playing with her. Like Beyonce's Cowboy Carter broke records. She worked really, really hard. Y'all cannot just put this on the fact that Jay-Z called out the Grammys last year or anything else because she actually worked hard, worked hard and she deserved this.


And if you guys remember last year when Jay-Z called out the Grammys, he said every single year the albums that are nominated with her break records, they do all this stuff. Y'all bring her here, y'all nominate her, but y'all never award her. How does that make sense? Articul? Listen Obviously it's subjective because you know it's music and it's opinion based. But you know, some things, you know, I don't wanna embarrass this young lady, but she has more Grammys than everyone and never won album of the year. So even by your own metrics, that doesn't work. Think about that. The most, Grammys never won album of the year. That doesn't work. Emini here he is, right? Emini here. If you've been nominated over 90 times and you got the most Grammys of any artist ever, but you never won album of the year. That's kind of strange.


Yeah, very. And I think also too, like it's not even just the album of the year conversation, it's also the, you know, she won Country Duo Country Group performance with Miley Cyrus and then the Win for Country album of the year as well. Like that's, that got people into Tizzy, Laney Wilson, post Malona were a lot of people in that country album category. And now what's happening is, like, I went to Lainey Wilson's Instagram today. She is a country music artist. She was a part of the Quincy Jones tribute too. And people are literally in her comments like, you know, you deserve to win this. Like, I like they're, they're really upset about it. And I'm like, I, I can't say that she didn't, I didn't hear her album. I can't say that she didn't, but I also feel like Lainey Wilson stood up. She applauded Beyonce. I also, I thought the impact of Beyonce's album, I don't know, but you ain't Even heard Laney's album.


I haven't heard Laney's album, but I Laney got seven number one records. I do feel like the people, the way that people had a conversation about Beyonce is that she shouldn't be included at all. Like Sylvester Stallone's brother came out and said she's not a country music artist. Like there are literally people saying, not just because the album doesn't match Laney's body of work, but just because Beyonce, she's outta her lane. Yeah. I want, she shouldn't be Considered, I do wonder if that country club pun intended, you know, would be mad at Beyonce if she had played the political game of Nashville. Like if she had moved down there and did interviews with people like Bobby Bones and worked with artists down there and did all of the things new country artists do to break into the scene. I wonder if they would be mad if she had actually played the game. I think that, I'm sure they would still be mad Still. I think they, I was gonna say I think they still would be mad, but I do feel like that's what they were trying to get at when she wasn't nominated for Country Music Awards.


Remember they were saying like, oh you haven't been here long enough and that's their issue right now. But to me, I just feel like it's all white noise. No pun intended. I wonder if she Boozy gets smoke like that. I think he, no He don't. I don think so. But that's because he played the the Nashville game. He, but maybe he does get smoke. I really don't know. I'm, I'm just, that's why I'm just asking. But Beyonce said, but you know, Go Ahead. The crazy thing I was gonna say is, you know, she won so many Grammys but she didn't win one country music award. It's, it's just weird how they, it's two different award shows and you can win none at one and then a bunch at another. I don think She got nominated at the cma. Did they? No. That was a big part of the conversation. She didn't, she didn't get nominated at The cma. No, I'm gonna verify that. But I remember it being like, people were upset because they're like, wait, how does she not like Cowboy Carter did so much? Like how did she not, what are we Complaining about right now?


'cause she did win this. Yeah. Basically somebody else, like somebody else should have won. Which that happens in every category. Okay. You know what Emini here, like, you know, like some people felt like somebody should have won over Kendrick. Yeah. Other people felt, you know, they're gonna do that in every category every time somebody wins. Got you. So it's like whatever she was talking about Laney Lainey Wilson's fans, but Killer Mike, what happened with him? He's sewing. Yeah. Yes. So Killer Mike is suing y'all remember last year Killer Mike went to the Grammys. The, the story came out that he was arrested and he was detained and it was like the back and forth Emini here. He won first. Let's just, He won know he, but it overshadowed the win. He, he Didn't win last year. I get like we can't, mentioning what I was saying, that he definitely won that Swep the Grammys last year. Kendrick did this.


Yeah. So he's suing about that though. So he's suing because last year they arrested the Grammys and he's, he's basically blaming private security that was hired to work the event. So in a new lawsuit, he's saying that he was stopped by security on his way to the red carpet for photos and media interviews despite, you know, winning a bunch of awards. But this right. Sweeping and having all the necessary credentials to get to where he needed to go, he was still stopped. He says that two companies the Grammys hired to do the security at the 2024 show. One is called SNS Labor Force Inc. And another one is called JRM. Private security gave their employees way too much power according to him, which led to them being unlawful, which led to him being unlawfully placed under citizens' arrest.


And I remember when he was up here on the show, he talked about the citizen's arrest. Let's take a listen. And I was told the police, the people who detained you weren't even police. No, it was a i I was And I'm a this, it is a citizen's arrest and it's a misdemeanor. I Look get some street credit. Lemme know. Then they told my charge, the black police said this just Citizens arrest. I didn't know they could do that for real. Didn't Know. Yeah, they didn't know. They probably didn't know. Even they gave me the per The per gave me the perk walk walking me through everybody like, Mike, what's up? This I a free mic? I'm like, no, shut up. We do it. It's gonna be okay. So it really Showed me how much love I had. I agree with Michael render. It is been a whole year and we still don't even know what Michael render was detained for.


So that man was caused emotional and mental distress on the biggest night of his career. He deserves all the money. Yep. And he says that the killer Mike is all legend. That the security physically assaulted him, battered him by putting her hands on him and restraining him. I saw it. And a full view of onlookers. And he says that they called him emotional distress and public humiliation. I saw The whole thing. I agree with Mike. He wasn't there. Boy, shut up. I could be an eye witness. I saw videos. Okay. He wasn't there. I do, the timing of this filing is great because people are having Grammy Grammy conversations. So more power to him. And I hope he get what he deserves. Absolutely. 'cause this was embarrassing and it should have never happened. Yeah. Emotional and mental distress and physical pain. His cuffs was too tight. They use wait, shut up.


The citizens arrest. They use real cuffs. They don't use like the Yes, yes. He was in handcuffs. It was in handcuffs. No, they, they walked him all through the, I remember the video, everybody seeing him. That's right. A mental emotion and a mental, what is it? Emotional and mental Distress. Yes. Professional Harm Too. And his son had went through something that same night too. There was like a lot going on in Mike's world. Yo, You better go ahead and run it down for the case because Right. His son, They denied him food for hours. Oh my God. You don't understand everything my client went through. I understand. And he on the big size where, you know, when you hold The food from credit come On, those companies, those private security companies haven't released a statement. Although TMZ did reach out to them. And I'll tell you something else, it, you know, it cost him a lot of money because Jay-Z was supposed to bring Mike out when Jay-Z was giving his speech.


Oh yeah. So that would've elevated Mike's profile even more. So they cost him even a lot of money. He Emini here, he need damages. Emotional, he makes His professional harm. You see what I'm saying? Come on now. I know that. Come on now. Thank you Lauren. Alright, Well that is just with the mess. Thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news, Morgan will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Morning Morgan. Good morning, DJ Envy, Charlamagne the God, and just hilarious. Good to see y'all again. Good Morning. BS Morgan. All Right, let's get into it. So President Trump, he's creating an American Sovereign wealth fund.


So I wasn't quite sure about what all this meant, but it's defined as a state owned investment fund that invest in real and financial assets such as stocks, bonds, real estate, precious metals, and in alternative investments such as private, private equity funds or hedge funds. But it would be for America, like a big bank account for America, right? So speaking at the White House while signing executive orders yesterday, Trump suggested it could help with the purchase of TikTok. Let's hear more from President Trump on starting an American Sovereign Wealth fund. So other countries have sovereign wealth funds and they're much smaller countries and they're not the United States. We have tremendous potential in this country. Tremendous. You're seeing that what's happened just in a short period of time, as an example, TikTok, we're gonna be doing something perhaps with TikTok and perhaps not.


If we make the right deal, we'll do it otherwise we won't. But I have the right to do that. And we might put that in the Sovereign Wealth fund, whatever we make. Or if we do a partnership with very wealthy people, I think in a short period of time we'd have one of the biggest funds. And you know, some of, some of 'em are pretty large. I must tell you some of the, like the Saudi Arabia fund is, is on the large side, but eventually we'll catch it. But we're gonna create a lot of wealth for the fund. And who gets access to the fund? Like who's this wealth being created for? Yeah, that's the Question. That's that's right. That's the question. It would be created for supposedly the American people. So the president said the fund will also be used to invest in things like airports, medical research and highways.


I know for other foreign nations, their sovereign wealth funds have been able to help cut taxes in emergency times. Like for example, the COVID-19 pandemic, stuff like that. So the, the Sovereign wealth fund is the, will be the first to ever be established in the history of the us. If this is something that, so we Shouldn't have to pay taxes no more, then there should be no more federal taxes. If they got a sovereign wealth fund, Well they'll lower the taxes. But this is actually great if they do it the right way. Right? Because Emini here, at one time they said Abu Dhabi, And I don't know if this is true or not, they don't own it anymore, but they actually, I believe, owned the Chicago parking meters. So anytime you pay the parking meter, they actually purchased that. And I know even China owns a bunch of different things in the US as well. So if we created a fund and started buying things in other nations, I think that'd be amazing.


Like you said, we just have to figure out where that money's going. But I think that's great. Now, I'm not gonna say it's amazing 'cause I'm not completely sure where the Southern Wealth Fund is, but I would, I don't know. It Is what they say it is. That is what it is defined as is basically what I've said earlier. But again, how President Trump de defines things. You know, he like to put a little sauce on it. So meanwhile, there are reports that the Trump, Trump administration is setting a quota for ice agents asking for 1800 arrests per day Democrats that the pressure will lead to citizens or people with green cards being swept up in the immigration rates. Now, San Antonio's Congressman Joaquin Castro, he fears that rush to deport illegal immigrants will lead to mistakes like the arrest of green card holders or lawful residents.


Let's hear more from Joaquin Castro In New Jersey, for example, there was a US citizen veteran who was detained and had his military credentials questioned. When you do things like put quotas on people, it means that you're gonna be targeting people who aren't criminals. People who have been here 20 or 30 years, who've been paying their taxes, who've been abiding by the law, and all of a sudden you're gonna rip them out. So Joaquin Castro, who is San Antonio's congressman, he points to an operation from the 1950s, which was run under President Eisenhower. So apparently there were between one and 2 million US citizens and lawful permanent residents who were deported to Mexico by mistake. Can you imagine that?


Yeah. I don't understand the point of taking in people that have a green card, because when you have a green card, it means that you can live and work in the US and you're in the process of becoming a naturalized US citizen. So why would you deport somebody who's in the process of becoming a US citizen? Isn't that what we want? Don't we want people to actually go through the process and become legal citizens? So why would you, you know, snatch up somebody if they actually have a green card that don't make any sense. They're saying that people are being profiled and regardless, you know, whether they, and before you can even figure out what their status is, they're already being profiled and detained or looped into a raid or something like that. So yeah, like envy, envy looked Dominican. So he, he like, I I got you envious, Dominique. I got You. Yeah, I get you. My West Indian, I'm, I'm actually black, so you're not, so I don't have a problem with that.


But yeah, like you said, they were supposed to be going quote unquote after criminals and people that had priors and, and warrants and that's been arrested and drug dealers. That's what they said they were going after. Now that's not anybody. That's not all they, they just said, they said, if you're here illegally, that's what they said. That's actually what they said. If you're here illegally, if You're here illegally, that's, that's a crime. You're committing a crime and yeah, you're subject to, but you know, if you have a green card, that's not illegal. So anyway, so Don't get scared Now, envy, don't get scared. You just make sure you have all your paperwork on you okay at all? I was born Here, sir. I was born here, sir, listen. Brookdale Hospital, sir, And February is not only Black History month, but it's also Heart Health Month. Heart health month, healthy heart month. Heart disease remains the leading cause of death in the us.


That's according to data from the American Heart Association's 2025 heart disease and stroke statistics update the annual update published in the association's flagship journal notes that while medical advances have helped keep people living longer, many risk factors like blood pressure and obesity continue to grow at high rates. Now, DA data shows cardiovascular diseases claim more lives in the US than cancer and accidental deaths combined, which are the second and third leading causes of death respectively, nationwide. And of course, black people are impacted disproportionately with black women leading the trend. Now, the American Heart Association recently posted on Instagram that Kendrick Lamars not like us, has 101 beats per minute, which is the right tempo for hands only CPR adding that, if you see an adult or teen collapse, call 9 1 1 immediately start chest compressions, press hard and in the center of the chest to the rhythm of not like us.


We all know the song. So it, and you know you can do those chest compressions until help arrives. So I thought that was a really cool tip from the American Heart Association, that not like us. If you sing it in your head and you find yourself in an emergency situation, chest compression, I'm trying to figure out it's Compressions to the beat of not lying. No, that's too fast. That's too fast. That's too fast. You gonna Kill him. You gonna kill ab somebody. Okay, interesting. You see it done? Yeah. So, all right y'all, that's your front page news. Y'all stay safe out. Damn You gonna kill him? You kill Trying to figure out what part of the song you have a body, You do that, it's ppm is boom, boom, boom, boom.


Yeah, there Go boom, boom, boom, boom with my fist. Imagine see somebody doing that, you like, man, hip hop has taken it too far. Come on, they not like us. He beatboxing hitting on his chest. Lord, I'm dying crazy. You not like us. What if you saw a white person doing that to a black person and they beating on their chest saying they not like us. They not like us. That white man is going to jail. If you had to do that to a gay person. Oh God, you jail for case crime, especially if it's recording. Oh no, you beating on they chest, but they not like us. There's more pressure. More pressure. Because you imagine if they all beat, if they don't have rhythm. Oh my god, kill got rhythm.


Oh, But on a serious note, definitely check out Dr. Puma in Sorin Medical. Charlamagne and myself talk about it all other time. It's all about heart wealth. They have this scan where they actually scan your heart and can tell you if there's anything wrong with your, it's called The Soren Heart Scan. They take all types of medical insurance and even if you don't have insurance, they find a way to make sure that you are covered. So if you can check out Soren Medical, I know one time, Charlamagne and myself were given away free actual passes to go there and get your heart scanned. But definitely check out Dr. Puma in Sorin Medical S-S-O-R-I-A. Thank you Morgan. All right. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me at Morgan Media for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com.


Have a good one, y'all. Thank you. Let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now, we've been talking all morning long about some of the things that Trump has been trying to put in the law, his recent infractions. So Let's open up the, we've been talking the last couple of weeks, you know about Yeah. Actually the last 10 days, right? Yeah. About a lot of the policies that he's implemented, A lot of the executive orders and you know, we, we haven't opened up the phone lines in a while. Emini here. People will be calling in to tell us, but it's like, really, how have these policies and these executive orders impacted you? You know, everything from the, you know, federal hiring freeze that he threatened back. I think that was like last week to the dismantling of the DEI programs, the mass deportations. These things are impacting people immediately.


Absolutely. It definitely impacts my, impacts my mother directly. It, it affects her business. She's been working in May, it'll be 30 years she's been working in child care administration. Wow. And she gets like her grant money and Emini here, like scholarship vouchers. She has no private paying parents. It, it all comes through like vouchers and stuff. So everything is a federal government money Program. Yes. Everything. So that she'd been in business 30 years and to, to be scared like that is just like, that's insane. Did You ask her if the federal hiring freeze would, would affect her? It's definitely gonna affect her. It's, it is about to start hitting her parents. That's how she get paid her, the, the parents of her children. Yeah. Three that I really see impacting people every day is the potential of the federal hiring freeze, the dismantling of DEI programs and the mass deportations.


Like I've seen that actually hit people on, on a ground level immediately. Yeah. So I really want to talk to those folks this morning. But Let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Daddy. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about the list of Trump executive orders that affected people from DEI to birthright citizenship to ICE coming and taking people.


Yeah. The mass deportations, the dismantling of DEI, you know, the potential federal hiring freeze Emini here. Tariffs, you know. And so, you know, we just opening up the phone lines to see how things have impacted people, you know, just as already concerned about the price of wakes potentially. Excuse me, You're stupid hair. No, I'm not. No I'm not. Okay. It affects my mother and other people who have been in childcare administration. My mom has been taking care of kids and she has a childhood preschool and has had one for 30 years coming up. And a lot of her money comes from, you know, federal government, federal government, you know, like the, the full program.


She gets checks to feed the kids, you know, and then all of her parents, they are using vouchers or scholarship of some sort. You know what, Emini here. So A potential federal hiring freeze could shut her. Absolutely. Absolutely. And it will, people are already starting to be affected by it, you know, so, And you see the dismantling of DEI program, you see people losing jobs. You know, when you got these mass deportations. Like I know people who, you know, jobs have got ran up in, you know, Emini here or their parents jobs have got ran up in, you know, I know family members, I know families who literally have had to leave because, you know, one person in the household was, was undocumented and now they gotta go and the kids gotta go.


It's like it, it's real out here. Yeah, Yeah. You know, growing up in New York, of course you're surrounded by immigrants, right. You're surrounded by people that want, you are one Here. This guy crazy. Yeah. You're surrounded by like, he not one the person Surrounding, I'm not, I actually was born here. My parents were too. But you're surrounded by immigrants that, you know, their, their kids were born here, but their parents not. And now many of of my friends and the people that I know, they're fearful that their parents could be, you know, taken back and parents could be, you know, taken by ice. 'cause there's no rules, there's no regulations. They just know that ice is on the street grabbing immigrants. So people are nervous, people are scared. Mm. Are you an anchor baby? My parents were born here, sir. My grandparents were born here And I was born here. Sir, Prove it. Lemme see your brother.


I saying when ice come and snatch you up, that's gonna be crazy. I'm scared to take my daughter outside to this day. I am like, Jesus Dang. Yes. For real. They might think I'm hovering one of them. Chris, is Chris Legal though, right? Yeah, he is. But Molly, she ain't say that Confident. She look like she, nah, see, she more questioned than her father. People would be like, where? Get that baby from. And if I just got her by myself, I look like a nanny. Not it is. I don know. It's crazy. But for the people who don't know, your baby daddy is Mexican? Yes. Yes. Half Mexican. Yes, half Mexican. His mom straight, straight up Mexican is four black. So. And my daughter, she looks straight Mexican like, oh my God.


I think you should stop saying it. You might get a knock. What part? Hello? You stupid. Let's Go to the Whole lines. Might get a knock. Jess. Crazy. I'm scared. Hello. Who's this? This is Dr. Allen Pa. Dr. Allen, Where you calling from? I'm from seven five, but I'm in Indianapolis now. Okay. Okay. How have Trump's executive orders impacted you thus far? Absolutely. So I am a director for Diversity and Cultural Inclusion for Engineering Research Center. So through the National Science Foundation, they pretty much stopped all of me, my, my ability to spend money. I built programs like EV programs for high school students. They told me I could not take no more students to Washington DC for, and we had an upcoming conference for them to present their research.


Wow. I have about $300,000 in funding that I can no longer touch because I work in DEI. They told me literally I couldn't just spend no money 'cause the pro my proposal said I was working with marginalized students and that is discrimination by another name. When you're saying that I can't work with students 'cause they're from marginalized backgrounds, but I, if it was a white student, I can go ahead and continue with my work this discrimination by another name. And so I have about, I have another about $5 million in additional funding that I have, that I have sent in there for review that I can't, that they just probably not just going to throw out now. And these are, this is money that's going to our students, our low income students, our underrepresented students, to make sure that we get skills and help our students continue to grow, go to college, get scholarships, and we can no longer touch that money.


They are literally trying to prevent us from growing our communities and be able to do the things that we need to do. All because they don't want us to be as successful as we could be. And it, it, it is very sickening. And I, I'm, how do we combat that? How do we combat it? How do we combat it? Or can We, well, A few things that, a few things that we have to do is we have to put pressure on our elected officials. The Democrats have to be able to stop, get off they fingers and actually do something. This should not be a, a, a, a process for them to be able to discriminate by another man. There should be some type of lawsuit that are letting say, hey, you all have not, does not have not developed any criteria for what this considered DEI. You all are just looking for anything that says black or brown, underrepresented, marginalized, low income.


And that is discriminate. There needs to be some folks that are doing something in the legal arena. Maybe be folks that are doing something in the political arena. And we also need to start thinking about how do we make sure that we are not hamstrung the next time one of these older guards or somebody comes in and wants to take over power like this. We need to be able to make sure that we're self-sufficient, sustainable and, and, and figure out ways in which we can do that. I totally agree, man. You know, the i part about it is there are, you know, guardrails and tools that Democrats can use, but you know, we just keep getting all these statements about norms and faith in institutions. Bro, them institutions are done. Okay. These people are playing by a different set of rules. They need to figure it out. Well, let's open up the phone lines again.


We're taking some more calls when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about the list of Trump's executive orders. How has this affected you so far? Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about the lists of Trump's executive orders and how it's affecting people already from DEI to the Dismantling, the dismantling of DEI program.


You know, There's so many things we've discussed.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play in a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


In the last couple of days. So there's a lot of people on the line. So let's go right to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Laa. Hey Laquita. Good morning. How has Trump's executive orders affected you so far? Good morning you guys. I'm here in the, and as you guys know, it's a large military community And I am a federal government employee. And as you guys know, like that email went out last week basically asking us, do you wanna resign and, and keep your, you know, your benefits, keep your pay until September. So a lot of people are freaking out about that. I also know a lot of people that have gotten final job offers, but if they have a start date after the 8th of February, they've had to rescind that job offer.


So a lot of people have made plans based on these job offers and they're not able to accept them and they don't know when, you know, they are gonna be able to even, you know, if that job will still be available when this hiring freezes up. So it's, it's a little stressful out here and there's no guarantees. A lot of schedules have changed Emini here. It's a lot of agencies don't know what's gonna be the final like period, end all be all. But you know, there's a lot of nervous energy out here, especially with a lot of federal agencies in the Hampton Roads region. Thank you for calling Queen. Yeah, thank you for calling Mama. Hello, who's this? Hey Shaa. P sha Hey Shaa.


Good morning. How are you? How, How has it affected you? I'm good, how are you? It's affected me because like I have a childcare assistance subsidy assistance application and right now that's pending that possibly may not be approved because I have a toddler and I'm a full-time working mom And I need childcare assistance as a possibly I won't get it. I'm So sorry for see I see I'm, I'm, I'm glad we're having this conversation man. Because you know, you see all of these things on these on the news and you know, you see Trump doing all these executive orders, like these stuff is impacting average everyday regular working class folks. Most like we're all being impacted by this in some way, shape or form or we know somebody who is.


Let's go. There's a lot of people on the line. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello, who's this? And this is Rob coming out of Somerville, South Carolina. 8, 4 3. What's up Somerville? How, how? Good morning Rob. How Trump executive order is impacting you in South Carolina right now? Man. Oh man. I live in a pretty upcoming neighborhood of you know, being built up and drive at Nexus. Quiet came bay, came bay be specific. K Bay. Yeah. And driving through the neighborhood is quiet. The workers aren't really there and I'm just imagining what the conversations with all these builders are about getting houses out to people because they're not being built and they're not paying for American labor. So I'm wondering like what's the conversation, how's that gonna be affecting the market with people? It's already expensive enough to buy a house.


Damn. So you Say it's quiet. They didn't deported everybody. Huh? There ain't no construction or nothing. Jesus. No nails banging on the roof. Nothing. Just quietness. You drove by the Home Depot. Oh My god. They're not hanging out up front No more love With Y'all man. Who gonna finish up this construction? We just gonna be sitting here. Real question. That's what I'm Wondering. Thank you brother. Let's go another call. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Good morning. They deported him just that fast now his name is Hello? Who's name was Julio? They're driving off With him right now. Hello? Who's this? Hey. Yo, Imagine. Hi, good morning, this is Erica calling from Lau. Good Morning Erica. How are you? We're talking about Trump's executive orders.


How has it affected you at all? Emini Here. Honestly you guys, let's be real women numbers. Don't America voted for Trump? I don't understand. Now why did everybody so up act up war about what's going on when they were multiple times over and over dividing administration let us know about 2020. Nobody didn't care. I don't know why is everybody now we Ma'am Ma'am Y'all numbers don't Ma'am. You're absolutely right. But what that got to do with his executive orders impacting people Ab it was expected, it was forthcoming. Yes. There's nothing you can do about it if you voted to him in office.


But Have but have they impacted you? That's the question. Well At this point show me. I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm gonna be honest with you right now. It's pray. Do it. The what? Psalm 91. Psalm 23. Psalm 1 21 Kamala 21. All do is pray and, and and what God, everything that's going on now. Alright, thank you mama. What is she saying? She Gonna Beall did it to yourselves. That's what she said. Y'all, y'all voted for him and she didn't answer the question. She basically just said that y'all did it to your Was she Quoing Bible scripture? Yes. She on always somewhere too. Exactly. I ain't even understand. I'm like, oh Lord. And I understand what she's saying, but that's not the question we're asking. The question we're asking is how has his executive orders impacted people?


Because you know, what I would like to start hearing is solutions. You know, like I would like to start hearing, you know, how we can combat some of these things. Yeah. But how can we, right, because he's the president, he put these orders into play. This is his house right now. Right. But is there, so he's doing this. So how do we, how do we stop that? How do we defend that? How do we combat that? How is there any way like something can happen locally? Like, 'cause even with my mom saying, you know, she, well, with my mom being affected, you know, and then the caller who just called up and said like, they're gonna cut her childcare benefit, she's a full-time working mom. Like, is there something we can do like the mayors, the governors, like, you know, I know he signed these orders, but it's no way. Like, can we tackle it locally? There's tools and, and and guardrails that these people have at their disposable disposal to try to slow down some of this stuff.


But, you know, they gotta have the, the strength to use them. You know, the Democrats are a party of cowards. They're leaderless. Right? Right. Now, you know, Emini here, but they are, they are guardrails in place. All right, well we, we gotta, this Is gonna be a never ending conversation by the way. Y'all do know that, right? Yeah. But that's why It just feels weird because when you look at Biden and him being in office in the last four years and what he's done, and then you look at Trump being so aggressive and doing everything that he wanted to do and, and not apologizing for it and just doing it basically saying, I told y'all what I was gonna do. If you don't like it middle finger. And then you look at the last four years and look at Biden was just so nice and just trying to be the the nice guy. Just, it just really makes you upset, you know? Yeah, For sure.


All right, well is there a moral to the story at All? The moral to the story is this is gonna be a never ending conversation, but that's what The Breakfast Club is here for. The Breakfast Club is here to have those conversations, okay? And we'll bring in people way smarter than us to tell us what these guardrails are and what these tools are, what these tools are that they can use to try to slow some of this stuff down. Alright, well we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about Your 50 said delete all that shit. Delete what? All that shit. B MFS is over. We got all the beaches because y'all can dump it. Jesus Christ Please. That's okay. All right, well we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess Is real.


Jessica Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she Don't nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. So no more BMF According to 50 cent. No delete all that ish. Like it's done. Okay, well I'm, I'm actually celebrating because he gonna get, he got rid of Tariq a loyalty early for me, but, but BMF is the, is the one that I felt like we coulda got rid of before Tre. Well so 50 cent posted on his Instagram and he said he posted this BMF, you know this is like the image that they use for the show.


The BMF jacket. I think this is mech in the jacket. He says season four is the final chapter. His caption said Be sure to catch the next season of BMF. It's going to be outta here now y'all are probably wondering why. Yeah, of course. Right. Exactly. So there's been a little, I don't know, like a tiff tip behind the scenes. I'm trying to put it all together here with a timeline. So what I think is leading to this and what most people are pointing to is the fact that Big Mech recently as of January 22nd, linked up with Rick Ross. So they posted these photos. There is a photo of Big Mech and Rick Ross and they're in like a, I don't know, like a backyard or something like that. And Big Mech has on a shirt that says Rick Ross car show June 7th. That's Wild.


The Rick Ross merch, the braids, everything is just wild. He should have definitely cut his head but, but Okay. And you know like 50 don't, he don't fool with Ross at all. Not even a little bit. Not even a little bit. Right. And they posted this photo. They are promoting this, this concert, this welcome home concert. That big Meet has happened and It's on my birthday. It's crazy. Yep. February 12th, February 13th. 13th Beach Back concert, right? Yep. The big Meet welcome back concert with Lil Baby, Rick Ross, 42, Doug, all these different people that's See Red, ESTG, it's a bunch of people in there. Yes. And in addition to that they also cross promoted Rick Ross has a car show that big me is gonna be like a celebrity guest judge at, so all this unfolded and people were like, wait, hold on, right.


Oh yeah BMF is done. Yeah. So then 50 went on to start posting. So before 50 posted that BMF season four was gonna be the final season, he also posted something about a Tammy Cohen doc and people, it made people start wondering who Tammy Cohen is. So he posted this, it says the truth about the truth and nothing but the truth. BMF who is Tammy Cohen's? And the caption said this is gonna blow your mind. The doc coming soon. The facts are stranger than fiction. So people are like, wait, the facts are stranger than fiction. And then 50 posted this rack and oh my God the rat he captioned on the photo. I think I'm Big Meech alluding to Rick Ross's song and in this caption 50 cent says the biggest mistake he ever made was not sustaining his relationship with Tammy Cohen.


Her tell All Doc reveals the truth. Mm. Now I did a little digging 'cause I was trying to understand what the relationship between Tammy Cohen and Big Mech was. Oh, so this is not between Tammy Cohen and Rick Ross. This is between Tammy Cohen and Big Niche and Big Mech. Okay. Rick Ross came into it because I got big mech went and hung out. Yeah, we hung out with Ross. I got you. So according to, you know what I saw from Google, Tammy Cohen used to be the assistant of big me and they'd been friends for a very long time. She's been working with him since 2008. But there were some comments that were made by Blue Da Vinci at one point where I guess he mentioned that he threw the word federal inform out around her name. So I'm assuming that they kind of fell out behind the scenes because of that.


And now 50 is picking her side in the, in the back and forth with Mech and her. And I think that was happening separately. And then this Rick Ross stuff started. So now he's, you know, he puts everything out there a hundred percent. I just don't know, I have a couple questions. Like if Big Mech posted this photo with Rick Ross on January 22nd, why did 50 just start posting in response to this? Because I thought that this was fake. I'm like, is this promo what You supposed to react immediately? Emini here? I just feel like something like that. We know Rick Ross is his Biggest up. Maybe they attempted a phone call, maybe there was text messages, maybe there was dms. I wouldn't expect him just to go from zero to 60. Really? 50 when you those zero when you this. No, no, no. I'm sure this behind A big thing Though. Exactly. He's announcing the, the, the ending of a show.


You're not gonna just do that immediately. You want to cross your t's dot your i's first. I agree with that. I Deal with that. There's different contracts invests in place. You can't just stop a whole production Ending of a show. And also calling Big Meech a rat. That's why I was like, this can't be a joke because Big Meech wouldn't play with that situation. Whole rat thing or not. But this This is the thing though. I I even though you can't just bring production of a big show like that to a halt because there are certain things in place you can always recast. You know what I'm saying? So Unless Emini here, depending on what the actor's contract are. So if he still has to like, Well he probably don't want to do the show anymore because it's about, it's actually about BM can't recast that show. Yeah, But Emini here, petty King Emini here, you can re it. You Can't Petty King is Petty King.


The story is the story. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. So I don't know. I don't know know what's happening here y'all. But Yeah and he didn't, he's alluding he didn't call him a rat. He's alluding to the fact He's alluding to the fact. Yes, a hundred percent. But I think it, the shot is pretty clear much I think on Big Meet on this photo after they Big Meek just standing next to Rick Ross. I think I'm thinking the conversation happened after those pictures went up and that's what led to all of this. Hmm. That's what I'm Thinking. I hope so. 'cause I, you know when when Meech came home and 50 posted a picture with him and was like Green Light gang, I was really excited to see what they were gonna do together and further telling the story down that Meech was home. But you know, Is it time for BMF to wrap it up? Yes. Just Yeah. Emini here. It was Part of all of this. It was Been time.


Yeah. Okay. It was, it was something up when I didn't get the part like remember stupid And I feel like that's why I, this is having it because I didn't get You wasn't BMF though. I Was not. She was in the wrong, no sorry to Nominated for That was Vivica Fox Judge Math. This one that wasn't 57. Wow. It was good though, but it wasn't this one People, People love the series though and people love it every week. So I, I'm not sure if it is the end of it where it ended, but people love it. Yeah. Some people, Yeah, I know that we got going on Jess is like, until I get there, I don't hear nothing about what people love Is where else? Oh wait, Marcus, Marcus, Jordan. Yes. Michael Jordan's son. Yes. We cope with that white girl. What Happened? But not the white girl, Dr.


Larissa Pippen what Envy He was caught with nothing. He always caught with the white girl. Yeah, but this time Mr. The white, this white girl landed him in jail. Huh? Why He love white women so much? He don't play basketball. Nothing at all. I can't answer that question. I don't know. I've never asked him about why he protects him white things. But I will. This is breaking news. Marcus, Jordan, this story is breaking that. He was arrested, he was booked in Orange County, Florida jail for DUI Cocaine Possession and Resisting Arrest. Oh, That's that real white girl, right? Oh, that white girl. Yeah, that white girl. White Girl. He has a mugshot. Wow. He's Not Michael Jordan son. This is Marcus Jordan. Yes. It This Is Marcus smirk as Jordan. He's giving a little smirk. He doesn't look too happy to be there, but it's a little smirk on his face.


Yeah, but I, I don't really know. There's been photos of him out on vacation and people were saying in those photos he was sniffing something. But lemme say that picture please. You know, I can't confirm nor deny that. What's funny Justin? It's just a picture. What you thought he, I'm just trying to figure out what I can say. He, he looked like A, he looked like a, a meth man in a, a multiverse. Like a multiverse. Meth man. Meth man. Hell No. That ain't met man. Six one Earth 6 1 6. That's Another area. I think you're surprised because he doesn't give athlete enough. Not At all. At all. This looks like the guy that helps you in Walmart or something like that. You're, this is one of them. Well, TMZ who broke the story is still trying to figure out exactly what happened, like what led up to him even running into the law. So there'll be more on the story.


Some Well The way you act on cocaine. That's Right. You really gotta ask what happened when his cocaine involved. It was cocaine. He Was crying wild. Right. Whatever the, the cocaine is the root or whatever he was getting into. And to be clear, this arrest happened Monday but the story just broke today. Cool. Thank You. And that was yesterday Lauren. Yeah. I just wanna say it 'cause I said it's breaking right now. I didn't want people to, you know, You know she going, she Say Monday was this yesterday. Let Do, let me do my thing over here. Literally just yesterday, I do my thing over here. People appreciate the accuracy. Litigious hairlines down. But thank you. Well Last just with the mess. Charlamagne. Who you giving that donkey too? Lauren LaRosa. Because her Bob Canal. He's so Get mad because I, he yesterday remember he tried to say I had a bald spot.


Yeah. So I posted, posted, I posted a photo of him looking like a bald spot. But he was sitting, talking Behind the scenes. No, because Nobody knows. I said you had a bald spot. You also, but he had a bald spot. He went in my comments and said my body need a root canal that is so harassing. But I didn't know this is what happened yesterday after the show. I said I'm gonna stop teasing Lauren about her head because I know that she had a bald spot and then she explained why she had the ball. First of all, it's not even like, don't be saying ball spot. Like it's just like, And I was like, you wouldn't just early on ope, but I told, I told you wouldn't just come here the ball. Right. A right Us be like, hey I know exactly like no Told She Got hit by a car when she was little Stupid.


Say a back flip on the Oh right. No it what What did you say happened? What? What Jess said and bust her head. Exactly. And I had get stitches. That's like a gauge. You were just mad. 'cause I posted that photo when you looked like a ball spot. That's A normal thing. We need to talk about that face Better now. Charlamagne. What? Charlamagne we need to talk about the last time somebody talked about somebody's ball spot, they got punched in the face. Be careful because Lauren's boyfriend might come up here and punch you in the Ghost. You speak up you. I love how she threw the paperback screen that went right to your head if you was here, listen Four after the hour we need Aiden Siegelman to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a world with that's We ain't gotta play what race it is.


All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. We read, They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve the people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read But you're so good At it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty Day to now? Well sexy red people playing. Okay, donkey of the day for Tuesday. February 4th goes the 22-year-old Aiden Sigman. Okay, he is a Temple University student and he's been arrested for impersonating an ice agent.


Let's go to ABC six. Action news for the report please. One temple student in custody tonight and police looking for another as well as a third unidentified suspect. Students are shocked that fellow owls are accused of impersonating federal immigration and customs enforcement agents on campus. 22-year-old Adam Siegelman is now in custody. Police say this man has been identified but is still at large as is a third unidentified person. Two suspects wearing black shirts with white letters reading police and ice. A third recording them. Police were able to take Siegelman into custody nearby on 12th Street in a Jaguar. SUV was towed away.


The two other suspects left the area in a light colored SUV. In a statement, the university said impersonating law enforcement officers is a crime. This behavior and harassment of temple community members will not be tolerated. How you at large Aiden, just go ahead and tell please. Okay, listen. We are the USA Unserious America. We all play way too much. All right. Too many people out here preying on people's fears. Why would you want to disturb the piece of these people? Like these guys ran up in insomnia cookies. All right, these poor people just doing their job and insomnia. Cookies. Making sure you get a warm, delicious chocolate chunk at two in the morning and you in there scaring the hell out.


These folks. Do you understand the matter of life and death that deportation is okay, ICE is showing up to places and straight up just taking folks away. Disappear. Banish, you're gone. There was a ice raid reported at a Philadelphia car wash and an eyewitness told Fox 29 And I quote, they just came and took everyone away. So you gotta understand folks is on edge and Aiden, what were you and your two friends trying to accomplish? Did you at least get a 50 pack of classics from Insomnia Cookies? Me? I would've mixed it up. Chocolate Chunk Classic with M and mss oatmeal raisin. Red velvet double chocolate Chunk. But that's neither to hit. No there. Let tell you, digital deh something. I can see why you would think this is funny but it's not.


Okay. You're playing with people's lives and you're playing with your life because impersonating any law enforcement is not only dangerous, it's illegal and imposters will be charged under federal law. So you college kids, y'all better stop chasing imitating ice agents and just stick to the regular college pranks that you used to. Okay? I remember back in the day when college kids just used to do things like toilet paper to dean's office. Now these kids is out here pretending to be Deputy Deporters. Okay? Imagine walking up the people like papers. Please. Meanwhile, your tuition payments are due, all right? You need to focus, okay? This is why we need a cop style show about ice. I'm serious. We need a A show that shows ICE doing their job so people know what to expect and what not to expect from ice.


I know ICE wants to surprise people, but this is going to complicate things. People plan and pretending to be ice agents. It's gonna complicate things because I wouldn't open my door for ice because I don't know if it's really ice. How do I test this ice to know it's real? Can I bring my diamond Testa? Is there a password? A few minutes ago a white woman just opened the door here at iHeart and what did she say? She said special announcement guys that we got a special announcement. Everybody started scurrying. I didn't. I sure did. But they started scurrying like, like they was like, well we didn't know, you know, if it's a DEI initiative getting rolled back, we didn't know if he was ice. That is how on edge people are. And for the record, ICE agents do not have the authority to enter your your household without a warrant signed by a judge.


Okay? You are allowed to request to see their badge, their identification ICE will never ask you for money or threaten deportation or detainment. If you do not pay them, pay them. Okay? So I want y'all to remember these things just look alive folks, pay attention because you can't trust people in 2025. And for everybody out there pretending to be a ice agent, stop playing with people, okay? You're putting yourself in harm's way for no reason and causing people emotional distress for no reason. Please give Aiden Sigman the biggest hee-haw. Stop playing man. That's so Messed. All right, well thank you for that donkey today sir. Yes indeed. Now when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 This morning when Jess walked in she was talking about Valentine's Day.


What was your question, Jess? I wanna say No. Will my boyfriend be here for it because he's Mexican? I don dunno, You're a clown. No, listen, I was wondering how, you know, how people keep reinventing or not reinventing. I would say keep making Valentine's Day special if you already been married So long. Reinvent. Yeah. So how do you do that? How do you make your wife feel special? How do you make your husband feel special after so many years of being married? How can you still keep that? Okay, well let's open up the phone lines. We'll take your calls when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody, it's djj. Nv, Jess Aria, Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about Jess now. Jess was talking about something when she walked in this morning about Valentine's. What was your question, Jess? Yes, I was wondering, after so many years of being married, how do you keep your spouse like feeling special? How is Valentine's Day? Like? What you know, how do you do Valentine's Day after so many, right, like I, how's it still fun? Like I Told you earlier, we don't really do Valentine's. 'cause usually when you go to restaurants, if you notice when you go out they try to get you in and out faster because it's a very popular night. So many people want to go. The food is not usually that good because they're cooking it so fast and so much it's not the same chef.


So me and the wife usually on Valentine's usually stay in the crib and just enjoy movies or play game night. And we usually go out the night before or the night after 'cause it's just usually too much of a hassle to go out on Valentine's Day. We still celebrate. We just don't necessarily go out. What about you Charlemagne? Yeah. Never make it special if you never make it special. She can never say you don't treat me the way you used to. That's What, what the hell are you saying? Exactly what I just said. That Is so whack. Yo. Your wife's gonna text you in 10 minutes. Do You have a filter on Envy? No I don't. It's the sun. The sun's coming in. Oh yeah they coming But that Is bro, honey will not stay on your face to save your life. It's ah, It's Who?


Put that man. Swear Jeff, you thank you Jeff. You are a whole clown. Need to be, you know who put that filter on you? I swear. I don't know. I don't. And they tried to act like it really was no filter And I was crazy. Yo, you up, you, it says none. I don't even ain't know. It says not real. I need to roll Up. You want my eyebrow so bad? You wish you had Full ous eyebrow? Swear I don know how to put the eyebrows. It says none You need. I wonder your eyebrow ain't never looked that thick. That's why I'm like on you got the charlamagne eyebrow filter on and then you yo you wanna be, I didn't put that on. You knew exactly What you Had on coloring.


No, I getting a sweat. Hold up. Your lips is glossy like yes, He, he's trying to keep it. He wanna make it spicy for Valentine's Day. He wanna reinvent things for Valentine's Day. Let me get my wife a whole new face. I can't and Eyebrows. I can't get it off. That is crazy. Go through the phone. Go to the phone lines. I already caught your ass. Come on. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Sean. Hey, what's up brother? Good morning. What's Up? Hey, good morning. So I heard your topic and basically for me married like 21 years and when me and my wife first got together, we were all about the Valentine's thing. But once we got married we kind of transitioned that energy to our actual anniversary. So we, we go all out on our anniversary and for Valentine's Day I usually go out and buy some steaks, bring 'em home, cook 'em up, and we have like a meal on our own.


We don't get caught up in the whole corporate side of it, but we don't ignore it either. You know, we just spend that extra time for our anniversary where a lot of people go to work. We usually take a week off, go on a vacation, do something crazy, you know, And nobody ever, you know, gives observance to March 14th. What's March 14th steak Day. You have to say Steak and BJ Day. Steak and BJ Day. And you know why that day is better than Valentine's Day? Because it tells you exactly what to do. Get some steak and some BJ Valentine's Day is too complicated. Like anybody who really want chocolate and candies and all of that, A lot of women do. A lot of women like that. They like the flowers, they like the chocolate, they like that.


Shut up filter face boy. And don't listen to you. It's not your look. Write yo, your eyebrows on your fingers. Hey, I can't take it off. Yes sir. Envy real quick. Yes yo. Hey envy, I just gotta give you a shout out man. 'cause that Christmas picture, you guys took the family picture. I never comment on anything on social media, but I saw your


Piece of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Picture with your family and all white. And now was it was fire Man, guess what? It might now. Now we ate out. It might be ai. AI we seen from Emmy this morning. It's not AI And I can't take it. I don't even know how it's on. I think that might be Nick. But anyway, thank you brother. I appreciate you. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Kisha. Hey Kisha. Hey Kisha. Good morning. Good Morning. What's your thoughts on what Jess asked about Valentine's Day? How do you keep it spicy and special? Well, for me, my thoughts are long term couples don't need to reinvent Valentine's Day because me and my husband, we've been married for almost eight years and we show love 24 7, not just on February 14th, eight years For Real love, eight years.


It's about one big day of chocolates and flowers. It's the daily check-in inside. Did you, did you say eight years inside goat? Yes, almost eight years. I've been, I've been with mine for 26. Ma'am, catch up. Okay. Emini Here. I'm Trying lot younger than you, so I'm gonna keep going. How about that? That's right. There you go. That's right where you are. That's right. You know, like I was saying, when you're in it for the long haul, every day is Valentine's Day in its own way. So if a couple decides to skip with fancy dinner, it's not a lack of romance because their love doesn't need a holiday to prove itself. I agree. 'cause what about every day before Valentine's Day? Like if you in a relationship, you want to keep it spicy every day. You want to keep your, your significant other intrigued every day.


Like why you just waiting until Valentine's Day? So the rest of the year ain't nothing. It don't matter. That's right. All right, well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking how do you keep Valentine's spicy? How do you keep it special? How do you keep reinventing? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us this morning, when Jess walked in she was talking about Valentine's and what did you ask Jess? I wanted to know how this couples keep that romantic spark for Valentine's Day after being together for so long, whether you're married or you've been with somebody for a long time, whatever. Like how do you keep it special? Like, 'cause I just, you know, I just wanna know, You know what's crazy?


When you ask Chad GPT how to keep it spicy on Valentine's Day, all they do is tell you a bunch of things that you should be doing anyway. Like what? Like, Like role playing, exploring new, intimate and everything. Sexual too. That's the other thing I was why everything gotta be Sexual. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? Like, like I, I like, like cook dinner together. Right. Do Something like that. Oh, that's dope. Yeah, that might be something out there. Okay. You know, get cooking. You got some wine and some candles, you know. Yeah. Put some sexy music on. Hey, if the kids ain't around you Micing cook in your underwear. What's Up? Ooh, that's what's up. You should have said cook naked bro. You cook in your, I don want, I don't want you to cook naked. That's unsanitary. Why cook Naked unsanitary? Because You and your wife eating the food. I don't want you Food. You eat your wife, You eat the food and both of y'all naked and something pop out the That's right.


S right, you know the, the pan, It'd be like a little pop on his penis don't you? What? Let's go to the Pop. Hello? Who's this? What's wrong with you? Hey, why up man, this is Mike. How you doing brother Mike? It's getting nasty in here. Good morning man. How you keeping Valentine's Day spicy bro? Hey listen, so I've been married for 15 years, brother and honestly it's about listening to your lady getting in tune to what she likes. There are certain holidays that she really enjoyed, certain holidays she doesn't. So it's about understanding. But even then, you know, she likes Valentine's Day, but she doesn't go crazy Christmas, her birthday. She gotta understand them and listen to, that's all communication. Okay, thank you Mike.


Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? My name Daniel. I'm calling outta Milwaukee. What's up brother? We're talking how you keeping Valentine's Day spicy and, and and reinventing each and every year and in Milwaukee? Yeah, you know, we, me and my wife, we make it do what it do man. You know, we've been together 18 years so we just do what we do. Man. There ain't nothing too big for us. Yeah. Whenever you hear somebody say, I just do, we just do what we do. Y'all ain't doing nothing. That's all Emini here. Emini here. Y'all ain't doing nothing and ain't live in Milwaukee. That's right. What y'all going do? You at the house doing not a damn thing. What y'all doing? We just over here making a do with a do. You ain't doing nothing. Thank you brother. That's a fact. He said that's A fact. Which by the way, hello.


Who's this? Who's that? A beautiful thing too, sitting around doing nothing with the one you love, making it Do with a do. Hey everyone, this is Kenisha. Hey. Hey Kenisha. Where you calling from? I'm Calling from Ville, Georgia. Okay. Now how are you keeping Valentine's Day spicy every year, so We try to keep every day spicy. I was saying that we are almost eight years married. We're a young couple, but we are almost at eight years and we're celebrating babies number four arrival this year. So we are still spicy and very much as love, but me and mine don't wait that time to show our love each other. We show it every day. It doesn't matter if it's making our coffee just right for the next person or our inside joke.


And it's just the way we handle life together. That's right. We've been in a relationship for the long haul. Every day has its own little love story, not just a special day. Oh, I like that. No problem. Every day has its own love story. I love that. All right. Hello. Who's this? It is Devar from Orlando. Hey, what's up brother? We're asking, you know, how you keeping Valentine's spicy, brother? Well, I ain't got, I ain't got no Valentine's this year, but I always thought you supposed to kind of step out as a man, step outta your comfort zone, do the things that the lady wants you to do, but you've been kind of fighting it for years. You know, she kind of dropped it. Nah, you know, Emini here. Hey, hey, I don Take day. That sounds a little, whoa. Take your day and okay, you already took it there. I take it there, but nah, you know, she, you know, she wants you to go all out and or, or go somewhere where you always said nah wasn't feeling in that place.


It could be a a, a play or a show or orchestra, something like that. And then follow it up, you know, step outta your ordinary, you know, suit up for the day. Okay. Oh, throw a suit on. All right. Okay. Y'all doing all of this or nothing? Emini here. That's Emini here. Nah, it ain't, but it ain't no different. Know I ain't staying no wear, no red suit all day long. You know what Emini here, but just do that one thing that she kind of been bugging you about. Maybe she, you know, every time she walked by it or, or drive by, she's throwing that in your ear and you've been fighting it For eating bunkie. You Know, just go, Listen, here's thing. Nah, nah, nah, no. Whoa, you Not talking about sexual. You don't, this Took a turn. You should be doing that on a regular Bro.


Listen, here's the thing. That's my thing. Nah, all of this stuff y'all talking about doing thank y'all should be doing all the time. Like Valentine's Day is one day. What about every day leading up to Valentine's Day and every day after that? Don't nobody wanna every day. That might be something that, that you gotta wait for February 14th to come around to do. Yo, We gotta make that day. They gotta steak in BJ day. They gotta cake and cony Lingus day. You gotta make a A cake and Congo Cake and Congo Lingus Day. What is, What is Congo Lingus Conga Lingus. What is that? That's what studs do very well. Oh, okay. All right. I don't know what it is. I, that's not my lane. Okay. All right, well We got just what the mess coming up ASAP Attorneys is not playing.


They gonna do what they gotta do. All right, We'll get into that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Yeah. Mr. World's most dangerous morning to show The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. God, DJ Envy just hilarious. And it's time for just what The match. Your Music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare nobody World on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it Off. All right. So what's going on in, in court with ASAP Rocky?


Because rally up there just looking like he lying. He want money. What's, what's up? Yeah, so ASAP Rally still on the stand. It's like day six at this point. I think they're going into day seven And I I, in the beginning I really thought that ASAP Rocky was stupid for taking that plea deal. I don't think so. No more. I Think, yeah, like you see it, it is different. And it envy said a couple days ago, yo, it just make you, it make you feel different every day. Yes. Just seeing it. Well after yesterday, so last night asap both asaps, Darrell's the Rockies, everybody was in court until late at like Darrell's the Rockies. Yeah, Like until like 8, 8 30 our time rally was on the stand and they were asking him, so he was being cross examined by Joe Ta Taina, who is ASAP Rocky's attorney because the end of last week on Friday, like Thursday Friday, they brought up these like voice phone recordings.


Right. And in the phone recordings you hear saying some things and he alleged last week that this was not him. He didn't know where it came from. AI baby. It might as well be ai, right? Well, AI rally, Well there is, there, there is a, there's a stand, there's a out of order witness, like a last minute witness who came in, the guy who recorded those phone calls and they just debunked all of that. Let's take a listen to the, the first audio recording of re on. I Just have on the computer And I submit the links and you know, which, which link you wanna do or you want me to pick them Yeah, probably the one from all those other publications.


Just pick the top ones probably, right? Like TMZ Rolling Stone And I give Yeah, sure, sure. I'm gonna try to get that for me. What Did you say? So what y'all are listening to is so, so, so la So last week did you say asaps attorney was like asking ASAP Rally like, yo, you really did this because you were just trying to blow this up to get some money. You wanted to hype your name up off of this. That's why you care so much about the newspaper articles and like where it was being posted. And he was like, no, that's not true. This is a phone call with him telling this guy Wally, who used to work for ASAP Rally and ASAP Rocky building websites and stuff like that.


Go find the most popular articles, the TMZ article, the Rolling Stone article. And those are the ones I want you to send out because I'm trying to get them circulating around this case. Hmm. So that was the first like, oh, what's Wrong with that though? That's pretty normal. That's pretty Standard. The only issue is, is that Asaps team is trying to basically say you, you are only here for money, only here for money in clout. So, and he said himself, no I didn't care about those newspaper articles. But now you're on a recorded phone call saying go get the Rolling Stone in the TMZ article. Oh, he is trying to just, you know, manipulate the minds of potential jurors, Whatever it is. He said one thing and now the recordings are saying another and that don't look too good to jury. Now the second thing that they caught him up on was a conversation around e extortion and, and money. Let's take a listen to that. You know what I'm saying?


You asked for background lawyer court extortion. You feel me? You're gonna do everything accordingly. Everything accordingly. Or they're just gonna catch up with you Too late. Exactly right. But he, he did go get the attorney. He did everything the right way. But now you look at crazy 'cause it's like, oh wait, hold on. So that's why you here. Now let's take a listen to this other clip that where he also discussed $30 million. I already, I already know I'm at 30 ms. I walk away because I'm another island. Just relaxing. You get what I'm saying? They're gonna be scrambling to find me because now they have to go against Rocky, the state and they have evidence.


And this not gonna be the same when you present it to a jury. Yeah. And you don't have a complainant witness. Now that one Was nasty. That was the crazy, that was nasty, right? Because basically what you just listened to was him say, look, I'm going to, I want the money so I'm, I'm gonna file the civil lawsuit. Which he did. He don't Really care about justice. He wants to get the money at he wants to. He'll go away at have to find him. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And I think what he thought was, if it, and this is all, you know, in my opinion what I think he thought was gonna happen was if I don't get on the stand, if I back out, if I whatever, there's no case. So money, there's no case. Money has to be involved though. So maybe asaps gonna pay me out, maybe whatever. And 30 m's is gonna be my number. That didn't work. He filed a civil lawsuit. So now he's on stand looking kind of like Whoa.


And not even entertaining with it. Not even giving us YSL Woody just up there like bland. You know what Emini here, why Woody really did set a standard. That's what I'm saying. He set a standing yo he hundred percent a mystery. Well I will say the the like his attorneys tried to cross the Wally guy who recorded these audios and basically said like, yo ain't ASAP your friend. And he's like, yeah, but I'm friends with both of them. And he also said, well did he ever tell you he shot him? He said, I never asked him that. And they're like, well why wouldn't you ask him that if you're having these conversations? So that's how they tried to like soften it a bit. But I don't think it softened the blow at all. Hmm. We got some more court Stuff. I do see I tiny. Yeah he tiny. Can we put a moral of the story on that ASAP story? What is it? What is it? Stay away from niggas.


That's all I got. Yeah, that you're right. You are right. Stay away. Well ti and tiny, they are gonna be getting some money. Remember ti was up here talking about that 71 million Eddie he got and that was the big thing. They're not technically getting the se not technically they're not getting the 71 million. They're gonna actually be receiving $53 million in punitive d damages from the toy maker who copied the LOL girls. The LOL surprise Om G dolls. Now what happened was a, about a month or so ago, a judge went back in and was like, Hmm, I'm not really for sure about how, how well you guys are proving the intent behind them copying the dolls. So I might change this number. And when the judge said that what was on the line was they might only get 17 million and then just said, but hold on, gimme a second to think about this and kind of look into it more.


So now it has been finalized, the verdict has come in, they're gonna get the $53 million Dropping the cruise bombs for the Harrises. The first number was what? 70 something million? 71 70. It was the 53 plus some other stuff. Now when I first heard that number, you know ti I retired, he said he wasn't gonna do no performances or anything like that. I was like damn that's messed up. And then when the 17 number came I was like okay, ti I gonna still be on that stage. Yeah, definitely. Yeah they'll probably get a PSC album. So I was kind of looking forward to it. Special. Yeah. Now he back at what Now he back at 53. 53. Yeah we done seen our last ti show. All you getting is ti Comedy from here on out. He working on the special too. Yo. So you might get the PSE album send some features probably already done. Yeah. 'cause he still got split it with the girls too when he, when he was up here he talked about that. Like he's gonna make sure that they get what they need to get.


But yeah, Emini here 8 59 Now I think we, can we go into the last one or no, Go ahead. Why not Biden? So speaking of getting some money, Biden just signed with the C with CAA, which is a huge talent agency. Creative artist agency. They also represent Barack Obama. Michelle Obama. This was announced on Monday. We Don't care. I We ain't buying nothing Biden sell. Yo, I couldn't when I saw this I'm like, I know politicians do this normally, but What is he doing? So normally this means he about to do a book deal. He might do some speaking stuff, maybe a little Netflix. Everything He can't do. We don't care. Everything that he can't do, supposedly He shouldn't do. You was You was falling over. Yeah, he supposedly can't do it. They Should, they should.


They should make Biden read his own book. Oh no, no. All will make him. You left us like this and now c AA will never get it. I less, I Didn't appreciate this at all. Not Buying nothing. That man size body Should have went out way more quiet than this. I don't like this. Okay, Thank you Lauren. You're welcome. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice mix with DJ Envy. I would tell y'all to call in and request what you want to hear, but that would just be a complete lie. We haven't taken requests in 14 years. Why would we start now? Throw it back. Throw it back. Oh no, that's on a Friday. It's on a Friday. Exactly. It's all the that is so, But It's it's the same generic stereo, you know, generic stuff every nine o'clock. Throw It back. Don't you feel like that's gay though? Throw be like we throw it back on a Friday, dude, why did he say that?


He like it for 14 years. He don't mind it. He don't mind it. No, no. Y'all been saying that for 14 years. We throw it back on a Friday because he don't mind it Lauren. And, and get it off your chest. That's, that's a little, that's different too. You, if you think about it, get it off your chest Lauren. You're bottom listen a B Now It's The Breakfast Club. You got a eye, you taking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. So what we doing Today? That's right. My guy BDot, every day during Black History month, he puts out a podcast called, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. And today he's going to talk to you about sayings.


Yes, America was built on sayings, but some of them don't exactly hold up on depression. So in today's episode of, I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. BDOs gonna break down the catchy phrases that shaped our history with humor and hard truth. Check it out. What you need to do is pull yourself up by your bootstraps. That's like the national anthem of personal responsibility in America, ain't it? But here's the thing, it's not even practical. Like who came up with that? You ever tried to pull yourself up by your bootstraps? Physics won't even let you. You just standing there yanking on leather straps in the position that the sisters had Andy DRA in and Shawshank Redemption.


If you've never seen the movie, you won't get the reference moving right along. My point is due to gravity, it is not even possible to pull yourself up by your bootstraps. Another saying in America, the American dream, oh we sold out one hard. If you work hard and stay focused, you'll be successful. Right? This sounds good. But they never talk about that fine print that's on the American dream that says, unless someone decides that they don't like your success. For example, Jack Holly, my man Jack was living out his dream owned businesses, land part of a bank. He was basically the Oprah of Slocum Texas. But then 1910 rolls around and instead of being celebrated, a white mob rolls in and says, nah, you've been having too much success negro.


And they destroy everything One of his sons killed, his businesses gone. Generational wealth torched. And yet somehow the same folks who did all that are the ones still walking around today saying, why can't y'all pull yourselves up by your bootstraps? Well listen Karen, we tried. Y'all stole the boots, the straps and then burnt down the shop. Another saying that we love in America, history repeats itself. Oh America lives by this one because Loc wasn't the only time this happened. Tulsa's Black Wall Street, same thing. Rosewood, same thing. Look, anytime a black community got a little too successful, somebody showed up with some matches and some insecurity all in one more saying, United we stand, divided we fall.


Alright, coming from a country that's been divided since day one, that saying should also come with a disclaimer. Terms and conditions apply. Side effects include systemic racism and selective memory. So while we remember these sayings, let's not forget these slangs of families like Jack, Holly and Massacres like Rosewood and Tulsa and we know America love it. Sayings, but maybe it's time for some new ones. How about if you see someone thriving? Let them keep surviving. How about that? Or here's a good one. Stop burning up other people's shit. If you got some new sayings we should add in 2025. Hit me up on my social media at B tv. That's B-D-A-H-T tv.


Okay, bye. I Didn't know. So make sure you check out. I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect, iHeart Radio podcast network available everywhere you listen to podcast. All right, well when we come back we got the positive notes. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now what you doing for Valentine's Day? You got a a a dinner gala? You going to right doing? Yes. It's a dinner slash galas will be live music. It's gonna be catered, you know it's a champagne dinner, right? And it's called Quantum of Love Bond, right? So I hooked up with these Nigerians, they my folk or whatever and it's gonna be a nice scam. It's gonna be a nice scam is crazy.


It hopefully just to be their last scam. But it's like, anyway, no. So get your tickets, y'all. If you are looking, if you're a single, you can come too. But this is like a coupled event. But singles will be there as well. The dress code is formal and it's black. You have to wear something black and formal. And me and Chris are the couple of the evening. And it's also gonna be some other special guests as well. So make sure you get your tickets@ftkconnect.com. That's F-T-K-K-O-N-N-E-C-T or 1-833-FTK-LINE. Or you can go to my Instagram And I and and the link is in the bio to get the ticket show. See That's a perfect event for Valentine's Day. 'cause if you can't figure out what to do with Valentine's and you just wanna do something different, do something like that.


Yeah, I've never gone to an event on Valentine's Day ever. Yeah, because people don't really be making Valentine's Day events like that. Yeah, no, but this is the thing. Like you, you don't gotta spend no mass amount of money and I'm just bought a ticket. But it is not really crazy though. But you get dressed up, you come and like I said, it's live music. We're gonna have like games being played and you know, it's just, it's something great to do. That's dope. Yeah. Okay. Very dope. All right, well definitely. And how can they get information to get tickets again? Yep. 1 8 3 3 FTK line. So that's F-T-K-L-I-N-E or FTK connect.com or the link is in my bio, y'all. Okay. All right. Sherman, you got positive note. I do. The positive notice from the great Coretta Scott King.


She once said, hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hate it. Actually, Martin might've said that, but you know what? He probably got it from Coretta. He probably was stealing all Coretta bars while we being honest. Martin Lawrence. Oh my goodness. Yes. Martin Lawrence, the King X, you never heard him. He was funny. Revolutionary, very strategic politically. I'm sorry. Amazing Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever-changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information, Information


taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.