
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we are here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through together. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Like the rapid egg cooker and the countertop ice maker, which is perfect for those days. When you're hosting events and you do not wanna run low on ice, find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast For my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo. Hey. Just hilarious. What's up y'all? Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the planet. It is Friday. What's happening? How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed. Black and highly favored. Happy to be here, man. Yes. Friday, another day. Day to serve our beautiful listeners. Pick your jam after jail. You jam after jail. We Who Knocked it off? I don't know. It fell over. Picked that up. There you go. Alright. Alright. Morning. Good morning. All. What's Absolutely morning Jess. How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. I feel good. My, my son get braces today, so I'm excited to see what that looks like. How old is he? He's good. He's 12. He's 12. Yeah. 12. Yeah. When they, when they start doing the braces thing, he didn't want Invisalign.


He wanted the braces. Braces. No, he actually wants braces. And You know the crazy thing, remember back in the day, nobody really wanted to walk around with a knife for the metal metal? No, not at all. And I had to get braces three times 'cause I kept taking 'em off. I didn't think I was cute with them until the last time I had them. But my son actually wants them. So things that we were getting made fun of for back in the day. Kids love it now. I tried to get 'em last year. I wasn't the year before last. Can't do for real. Had 'em in for 24 hours, took 'em out. They like him. Matter of fact, I had 'em in for about 48 hours 'cause I got 'em on a Friday. Had to deal with 'em for the weekend. I was like on Monday morning, like, please take these things out. Actual braces, like the metal mouth ones. Yeah. But I mean, I guess they were like, I don't know, they were actual braces. But yeah, I just couldn't do it.


It hurt too bad. There's So many. What About the Invisalign? I tried Invisalign once. You didn't like that either. His teeth too stubborn. It was probably, I don't know. Yeah, it just feel like the process took too, took too long. Yeah, There's, there's so many different ways now. 'cause now you can put the braces on the inside where people don't see 'em. You can put 'em on the outside. There's color braces. There's so many different options now when it comes to braces. Yeah. I ain't got time for it. It hurts. That's just all it boils down to. I'm not built for that kind of pain. Maybe kids are, I'm not. Yeah, We'll see today. And then I also had the ones I, I got the ones that was supposed to have your, your, your teeth straightened six months. So maybe they were little tiny To there. Normal. Yeah. That's more intense. Yeah. Alright, well we got Doci joining us this morning. Hey.


Hey. Alligator Bites never healed one of my favorite projects of the year. That's right. Doci been there before though. Doci was up here a couple of years ago. Long time ago. Yeah. You know, that's when, that's when these are the type of people I like because you see them a couple of years ago and they growing, growing, growing. And she's still growing. But now she's popping. Popping. That's right. Yes. I love Doce. That's one of my favorite artists. Yeah. So we're gonna be kicking with Doce this morning and we got front page news coming up. Morgan will be telling us what's going on with that. CEO, Brian Thompson, United Healthcare. There's more details out and she'll be breaking all that down. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning Everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports.


Now. Last night and Thursday night football, the lines beat the Packers. 34 31. Now Good morning Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. Yes. So how y'all feeling today? Happy Friday. Blessed Black and Holly family. Good. How you feeling? Love to hear it. Yeah, I'm doing good. You know what I'm saying? But You know, let's get into this news because it has a, You know, a lot has happened. A lot has developed since we learned what we learned yesterday. So more info is being released regarding the suspect accused of shooting and killing United Healthcare. CEO. Brian Thompson, outside of a hotel in New York on Wednesday. Now CNN is reporting, they traveled by Greyhound Bus to, from Atlanta to New York before the shooting with the company saying they are fully cooperating with authorities in that investigation.


Now, police also believe the suspect arrived in New York 10 days prior to the shooting, checked into a hostel with a fake New Jersey driver's license. And earlier in the day, police released more surveillance video of the person, much clearer than previously released surveillance video to show the suspect's face. Now meanwhile, New York City mayor Eric Adams, he seems confident that an arrest will be made soon in connection with that murder. Let's hear more from New York City Mayor Eric Adams. We are on the right pathway. We feel that we are moving at a steady pace and we are going to have someone apprehended. We don't believe this is a random act of violence. We believe that this was clearly a targeted shooting. And in all of my years of law enforcement, I have never seen a silencer before.


And so that was a really something that was shocking to us all. So investigator investigators, excuse me, could be close to identifying a suspect. A B, C News is reporting that investigators have sought a search warrant for a place in New York City. They believe the suspect may have been staying. Meanwhile, a report out of the New York Post again that we mentioned yesterday, shows that the bullets used in the murder had the words deny, depose and defend engraved on them. They are su suspected to possibly reference the 2010 book delay, deny, defend, why insurance companies don't pay claims and what you can do about it. Of course, Thompson, he passed away after being shot multiple times outside that Hilton Hotel.


You know, that story of, that story of Brian Thompson also shows me, You know, at least social media wise, how cruel and inhumane people are because there's folks online saying things like, You know, he deserved that because of how many people have been denied and denied and and died because of the healthcare system. All of that may be true, but I don't know what that has to do with that man getting gunned down in the middle of Manhattan. Like I, I don't celebrate or make light of anything I wouldn't want to happen to me or anybody. I love and believe you me, that could happen to Any of us. Yeah. Not, not at all. And and you see what other health companies are doing. They're actually taking the executives pictures down the website so people can't see what they look like. But, You know, one thing that I did see that, You know, at first they, people thought he was, I don't wanna say a lot smarter, but they thought he was a lot smarter with his, what he was doing.


But they said they got the picture of his face because in the hostel, I guess a girl was in there was like, well, let me see your smile, take off your mask. And then when he took off the master smile, that's where that picture came from. He did have nice teeth and the only reason I realized he had nice teeth is because people in the comic were saying he had nice teeth. And so I went back to look at the actual picture because then I was a little bit confused too. 'cause the picture did look like two different people. One picture looked like a man, another picture looked like a woman. So I was a little bit confused. So I was looking like is, You know, who is this person? And You know, in my mind the way my anxiety work, I'm looking at the picture just in case this dude may still get roam around joke. Yeah, You rum around, You know what I'm saying? But we, but we have no idea why Brian Thompson got killed. We don't know what the motive is, but just know that could be you at any given time in this world we live in. So that's right. Right.


Be be mindful. Yeah, absolutely. Of how you speak on situations like this. Absolutely. As you're talking about, You know, the motive and you're talking about the healthcare system, of course people are sounding off on social media with all different kinds of conspiracy theories as to why it happened. Now it of course was reported, You know, we talked about what was etched in those casings or the shell casings. Now, university of Miami, doctor Steve Oman, now he says this comes at no surprise because people are fed up with paying high premiums and being denied basic care. Let's hear more from University of Miami, Dr. Oman. The realization is that people's anger is potentially not toward the individual, but toward the system. And basically this individual who was murdered was working within the system.


So you really have to look at the system that we have adopted in the United States, which is a market-based system. You have a company that is owned by stockholders who demand that they get returns on their investments. So that's one of the pressures that comes on on a for-profit insurance company, such as United Killing, Brian Thompson, and anybody who works at these healthcare systems, that's not gonna make the prices Low. Nah, it doesn't. But the health healthcare system need to do something because the way that people can't get the proper healthcare the way that they, they things that have to get proved for, for care when it comes to cancer care. Absolute, when it comes to all those things is very difficult if people are dying because they can't get healthcare, they're not getting approved or they can't afford it. And if you're dying, what do you feel like you got to lose at that point?


Or, or if somebody you love has died. That's right. But once, but once again, You know, that's, that's still not gonna change anything. That's not going and it's not gonna really make you feel better at the end of the day taking somebody's life like that. So Dr. Oman, he, he, he went on to say that the US does have the most expensive healthcare system in The World without the option of universal care leaving some 28 million people with no coverage at all. So that further speaks to the point that you were making envy in Charlemagne. Looks like we're running outta time. Y You know, I will say this though, I would encourage, You know, anybody out there who knows something about this situation, you should say something. Yeah. Because You know a person that can do something like that to Brian Thompson in the middle of Manhattan would do that to anybody.


Alright, well that's your front page news at 6:00 AM 7:00 AM where You know, we'll touch base with what's going on in California. Earthquake hit yesterday so we'll talk more about that. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, call us up right now. Again, 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's time To get up and get something. Call up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hey Nicole. Good morning.


Hey Nicole, how are you? Good morning you guys. Good morning. What's going on? Happy anniversary. Happy anniversary. Thank you so much. Who anniversary is it? It is Our anniversary. The Breakfast Club. It's y'all anniversary. Oh damn. We did start. Oh yeah, we started December 6th, 2010. You right. Thank you for reminding us. Your voice sound like you should be indoor to explore. Like it's just like magical. Just nice and calm. I know. Aww you guys. Thanks. And it is also my birthday today. Happy born day Nicole. But that's so, You know, because your born day is The Breakfast Club anniversary. I mean technically it's our birthday too.


Yes. Hey, Yes. I want you, I want you guys to remember me, your friendly friend Nicole from St. Louis. Hey Nicole. I mean Nicole, I'll remember you because you reminded us that today is our birthday as well. So happy born day Nicole. Nope. That's what's Thank you guys. Nicole, can you do me one favor? I have, yes. Can you say backpack? Backpack, Backpack. Backpack. Oh my god. My kids. My kids will love it. You have a great birthday. What you doing for your birthday, Nicole? Okay, so I'm in Atlanta. Okay. And I am here with my best friend La Tara. We both went to a MU. Okay. And we are going to the 12 days. It's a fundraiser for underprivileged kids and the president is my other best friend and her name is Bill Sean.


So we're doing that today. Oh Well, enjoy, Well enjoy yourself so much mama and have a great birthday. Okay. Thank You. Thank you. Alright, Charlemagne, I have a question for you. Yes, Nicole, I sent you my sister's books. Did you get them? Let me go look in the mail when you sent 'em recently. Okay, so we sent it about a month ago. It's Izzy's almost epic day and every other Christmas. I'm gonna go look right now. I'm gonna go look in the room. They, they take, they be taking our stuff and putting it in the room. I gotta go look through it right now. Okay. Please, please read them and let let us know what you think, please. Okay, I, I will do. Thank you Nicole. And you have a great birthday. All Right y have a great day. You too now You too.


You know what's crazy? I thought we were older. What I, I mean unless I'm doing the math wrong. I thought we was, I thought we was 15 going on 16, 14 going on 15. Yeah, we 14 today. Yeah, 14th. So this our 14th year. I didn't realize That's why y'all, you've been saying the wrong date for the last time and I've been saying the wrong date and then, but I'm no good with dates. I'm be honest with you. You know what I'm saying? If you ask me about dates, I'm no good with 'em. I didn't, I don't, I didn't realize we just turned 14. I thought we was older. Breakfast Club been on 14 years. Feel so childish. Now I get it. Knock it off. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's good Evvy? It's outta sight. Good morning. What's up? How you doing Charlamagne? He's outta sight. You blind? Yeah, I'm a blind brother man. Yo, I've been listening to y'all since y'all first came on the air. I've been rocking out with y'all ever since 2010. Since December 6th. Thank you brother. Wow. 14 years. Everybody knows our anniversary but us It's except us. That's How, You know, listening To be loyal About, You know, definitely it got me through a lot of hard times, You know, listening to your but to the topic of the morning though.


But being blind and dealing with, You know, this insurance situation, the medical insurance. I tell you something that's crazy. Independence is one of the most important things to me is being independent and my insurance would rather pay somebody to come in my house as a home health aid and spend all that money to do that when I could just get a simple device and put it on my glasses and be able to be independent and move around freely. Right. Wow. It's called the, it's called the or cam, my I pro. That's O-R-C-A-M, my I Pro. Right. It's a, it's a, it's a gadget that my insurance won't pay for but they'll pay more money to have a stranger come in my house who can't cook.


May I add, You know what I'm saying? My house and, And, and mess up my food and everything that I, that I pay, pay for my money for. Right. So, You know, I've been a loyal listener to your And I I would love it if y'all would help me get that device so I could be more independent and move around more. You could hit me up my cash App. Hold on, hold on. How much is the device? I don't know. It's like a couple of thousand dollars. Okay. It's, it's called the Orca. My I pro. O-R-C-A-M Pro. My, I Pro. Well put your cash app out there brother. It's dollar sign. Blind fate.


1 4 4. That's dollar sign. Blind fate 1 4 4. And my, my, my government name ends with two Z so You know it's me. Save one. Full, Full. If y'all see my video, baby mama salute. I came and showed y'all my video, baby mama salute. You was always saying I couldn't rap so I kept getting better and better 'cause of you Charlamagne. So when I came out with the baby mama salute video, a thousand people went to check out the video. I like to Rapp And I like to do showcases. Not 'cause I wanted to be a famous rapper. I just love the music And I love hip hop And I love Power 1 0 5. That's what it is, brother. Have a good One.


I'm, yeah, I I just contributed something to your, your your iPhone glasses. What'd he say? Yeah, I know what you meant. Yeah. His orcon glass or whatever it's called. Yes. The glasses to help him. See that Ain't medical did it? I don't think so. Salute to everybody. Yesterday before we left on the show, I was telling you about that football team from Brooklyn, the Pop Warner football team. Mo Better Jaguars that needed to raise $20,000 to make it this Saturday to the Super Bowl. Their Super Bowl in Orlando this Saturday. And because of everybody, all of you guys out there and all the listeners and all the other people that supported them, they actually made enough money to head out to that Super Bowl. So that's beautiful man. Congratulations to them. Beautiful, beautiful.


Little better Jaguars. Congratulations in Brooklyn. I don't know the team, I just heard the story yesterday on the news And I was like, if we can help these, these, these young brothers out there get there. I think that's pretty dope. So salute to them. Hello. Who's this? Good morning people. We'll call from Jersey. Lemme just start off by, by just giving everybody flowers, starting off it. You envy, a lot of times you get overlooked there. But what you did for Ms. Jones back in the day when you pulled up collar when things were about to go, go left at the other down, the do you don't bring it up, but she talks about it. And so you, kudos for that. For being loyal to somebody that looked out for you. I love Ms. Salute to Ms. Jones. She, You know, and You know, she's local. Her kid goes to BC so she's out in the, you probably see her, You know, on a, a regular basis.


I'm not sure. Jess, congratulations on the kids. Thank you. To go around and maybe some of the things that you may have not necessarily took for granted, but didn't just like totally get a chance to appreciate. 'cause it was maybe a little bit overwhelming, but embraced it all man from the smell to the sight, to the laugh, to the giggles, to the poops and, and all of that because You know, as you already know, it goes so fast. That's right. And You know, it's the moment in time in those two gentlemen beside you, they can attest to it as well. Even though they have more every situation and every kid is, there's something unique to it. Yeah. Thank you So much. So Mr. Charlemagne's brother to you in, in our culture, the, the greatest pivot of all time was probably Malcolm X.


He went from one extreme to the other. Dick Gregory was another that did a phenomenal pivot going from being a comedian, a crash comedian, but then switching that into being like an advocate associate justice fighter and, and so forth. And your trajectory seems like it's on that path. So salute to you and keep up the good work because you, you, back in the day, you did have a lot of jerk juice on you brother, but you kind of took that around jerk juice And I see a lot of the different things. Jerk juice. Okay, pause. Thank you brother. Yeah, you, you should definitely should pause that. Thank you. Yeah, thank you will get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess Ray J crashing out again y'all. It's a lot going On. Alright, we'll get into Ray J when we come, come back. But that's Your cousin though. That's y'all cousin. Don't say y'all. That's our Hey, I rock with Ray J. Okay. I gotta hear what he said first, but I still rock with him. Okay. I stand by Ray J because Ray j has stood by us. We think. We don't know what he said though. Don't stand next to I'm still Ride. I'm I'm still gonna be my guy. Yes, I got you. We know what he said. We'll get into it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. We are you drinking wine in the morning? This cranberry juice. That's not no damn cranberry juice in that glass. Morning everybody. We are C breakfast Club.


Let's get the in that glass. She got ice in it. Why was she no ice in no damn wine Envy? Yes. Oh, all right. I didn't see the ice. Are you fancy with that glass? Huh? Let's get to Jess with the mess is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't stir nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide Batman on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shoot. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set the door. So period on his mama, Ray j went and threatened anybody who against them. Anybody who ever doubted him or whatever, he going out yard and that's what he had to say, Yo.


Right. When I tried to do right, do you wanna play with me? Yo you with the wrong person. I'm going live in 30 minutes and I'm naming all the names that me over out here, I'm out of the country and this production and everybody around me is gonna pay the price. And he captioned it and said, I hate me. I hate this whole ass. I'm crashing all the way out tonight. You won't ever hear from me again. Hashtag nobody is safe. So, well, clearly he wanted somebody to call him. Absolutely. That's all. Absolutely. And the person called, he was seeking attention from somebody. Clearly. Did he change his mind As always? Yeah. He changed his mind when a blog started reposting that he deleted the post and he hopped in the Jasmine brands comments to let people know. He changed his mind. He said, no, I'm not. I took it down. Good. So that was it.


Good, good. Y'all know Ray J just be playing with y'all, right? Ray J is in four day law of power says stir up waters to catch fist. That's all Ray J be doing. Y'all do know that, right? You think that, but I don't think that man's mental health is always where it's supposed to be, bro. I don't think that, I think Ray J can doing exactly what he doing when he doing because you, But usually when you wanna get somebody's attention, when you got it, you got something to do. He never have nothing to do. When he get our attention, you mean nothing To promote it. He just don't say else. Yeah. But that, but that's the currency nowadays. Jeff's attention is the currency. It's weird. Like getting the attention is the currency nowadays keeping, Like I'm saying in 30 minutes, yo, I'm gonna name I'm, I'm looking for the names and then like, no, I'm not like you supposed to have something to say. Even if you're not gonna give us what you told us you was gonna give us.


It gotta be something like, so It was only th well put it like, I didn't even know it was only 30 minutes, but within that 30 minutes I saw him on damn near every, every blog he blocks I posted him. So, so, so I guess it Gotta have something to say. Well he, He have so he didn't say nothing else after it though. Ray is always selling stuff. He got a whole network. All right. Well he do more talking about everything else except that I haven't heard him mention it lately. Yeah. Why Any of the shows? Have you seen any of the Shows? Yes. The links are still up in his bio and stuff like that. But he hasn't talked about Ray Tronix or Ray Conn in a long time. It, It's all been Drama Sold. He sold Ray, Correct? I'm sorry? Rays Ray. Yeah. He hasn't, he hasn't talked about his network. Mm. So it's just like, give us something then if you gonna do all that.


'cause I pay attention every time. Agree. Like what, what, You know, but either way. Moving on Tank, on ho on homophobia. So he sat down with the holding unquote p podcast and they asked him about a past comment he made about the double standard when it comes to black men experimenting sexually. There's Something about black men in the homosexual conversation. It is a mess. Bi phobia as it relates to black men is the elephant in the room. And no one will actually articulate their devastation. You have to think like for a black man, the worst thing to be called Yep. Is gay. It's gay. You see it, you see it everywhere. Yeah, for sure. There's an attack On, there's an agenda.


Strong black men. But who's the attack coming from? Mm. They call you gay all The time. Charlamagne. How do you feel about that? Yeah, I mean listen, my my motto just said Gay, my motto is, my motto is why be homophobic? We can when you can just be gay. Nah, that's horrible. What he say, ain't nothing wrong with being a little gay. Everybody's a little gay. Some people, some People it don't matter. But y'all know, tank has been asked about people thinking he gay for a long time since he came up here and was talking to Y two gay niggas in 2016. And he said, You know, when he said he like to have his salad tos by his wife. Listen, that's true. I don't mind, I don't, I don't mind putting my legs up, You know what I'm saying?


Like, that's that's okay. I don't mind getting s eaten. Not at all. Man. Man, come on brothers. And guess what people thought that was gay. They did all right. Even though it's a woman doing it to you. And You know, the other thing I don't like, I don't like generalizations. Like when Tank says the worst thing somebody can be called a black man can be called is gay. No. Mm. The worst thing I I can think a lot of other worst things that a black man can be called deadbeat dad. Okay. Broke. Broke. All right. You know what I'm saying? I, there's a lot of woman beater. It's a lot of worse things I think that black man can be called. Yeah. I think he was just talking about the stain and how the, like the, the stigma about it has been.


'cause You know, tank grew up in church and that's exactly what he talked about being homophobic itself. Yeah. I I I was, I was super phobic and getting and getting into this game. Yeah. I was just like, I, I gotta turn my machismo up. Right. Real shit. It took me a minute to come to those conclusions that I've come to, You know, I always, I always kind of have this thing where it's like I desire to be attractive and not overly trying to be, but I pray that I'm attractive and be careful what, being careful what you ask for being attractive doesn't have limitations. Exactly. Yeah. I agree with him as an attractive man. But that still sound sounded gay. That's a lie. Yeah, but what's but what's I, I Don't understand what's wrong with somebody says you're gay and you're not gay.


Like, if you're not gay, how does it affect You? That's my whole point. It doesn't Bother him. Yeah. Yeah. It's very hard not to be called gay nowadays because everything's gay. We pause everything. Yes. And and that's what he was talking about too. He was, he remembered growing up and seeing icons like Rick James and Prince and he was wondering like why their looks weren't con considered being gay. They were. But with with nowadays they would be concerned being like the highest level of gay. There is. Nah. People call Prince, people call Prince Gay the highest level of gay there is. People call Prince gay People thought Prince was gay. Yeah. He was walking around with his as out. Yeah, absolutely. But women still love him though. Women Still love him. I remember people, I mean, I remember people saying he looked gay, but they knew he had all the women.


Yes. That's the thing. Yeah. I never heard that. Everybody was like saying Prince will take your bitch in a minute. Prince Sand Mike. That's right. By the way, we pause everything, You know, because it's funny. Not because we not because we homophobic And I mean, I mean funny, like, laughter funny, not like, ugh funny. What do you mean? Ugh, that's the sounds not the soundtrack. See, See you gay. See you are gay. I, I already told you why I be homophobic when you can just be gay. Yeah, yeah. I would Much rather be called gay and homophobic. Yeah. Because when you homo And I be thinking these people that, that protest too much. You know what you trying to hide what you so against it for? Yes. No. Yes, You're right. That's, that's wild. If you're so against it, it feels like you like it.


Yeah. And you can't be against it. 'cause it makes it harder. Don't just just be, just relax. Just not hold up now you Tripping. Just Relax. Let it happen. Breathe. Let it happen man. You tripping bro. You tripping. Relax. I don't want to talk This enough. It's enough. Thank you. I'm done that just with the mask, Y'all. Oh my goodness. I hate this place. All right. Happy anniversary. Up next we have front page news and then Doce will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now. Last night the Detroit Lions beat the practice. 34 31.


The Lions a record is 12 and one. So shout out to Detroit. What up? Doubt Detroit. Y'all look really good If y'all don't win the Super Bowl, this shit, You know, IIII think that's gonna be one of the biggest fumbles in NFL history. So are you saying that you, you, you don't think the cowboys are gonna get anywhere close now? No, We ain't still in the hunt. Yo, shut Up man. We are in the hunt. Morgan. Good morning. Swear. Good morning. What he's saying, what he's saying is he understands what fumbling looks like. That's What he Oh, oh, oh. Got you. Got you. What's up Morgan? Alright y'all, let's get into it. So California Governor Gavin Newsom, he has declared a state of emergency yesterday in Northern California in case of reported damage following a magnitude seven earthquake in the Pacific near the border with Oregon.


Let's hear more from Gavin Newsom on that natural disaster. Signed off on a state of emergency, a declaration that will allow us to provide more resources, provide some our National Guard resources as needed. Access to state fairgrounds, waiving some contractual.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com


Obligations for that part of the state. It's another reminder of the state that we live in and the state of mind that we need to bring to our day-to-day reality here in the state of California in terms of being prepared for earthquakes. So There was a tsunami warning that was canceled as part of the protocol for any earthquake along the west coast above a mag magnitude five. Now the quake hit near the California Oregon state line shaking could be felt in San Francisco, Oakland and the Alameda. Meanwhile speaking at the event at the border in San Diego, Newsom also talked about immigration, deportation and tariffs. Now while like while local law enforcement out of California in the state won't help with potential federal deportations, California will also not interfere.


Now Newsom says deportations would have an economic impact on California, including the construction and agricultural industries. He says he also opposes tariffs against Mexico saying if they go in effect, the people in the state who voted for Trump will be the ones hurt. Adding it goes against the U-S-M-C-A trade that was signed during the first Trump administration. Let's hear. Newsom on deportation and tariffs Approach has been consistent. We don't interfere with federal right to advance federal laws with federal resources. California's posture remains. We do not interfere in the federal government's right to enforce federal law using federal resources. We care about border security, but we also care about economic security and we care about two-way trade and we care about our partners on the other side of this border that have well established partnerships.


So this comes as President-elect Trump is called for 25% tariffs against Mexico. He also said possibly Canada as well. And unless more is done to secure the border. Now the governor, he, governor Newsom, went on to say that he is sending National Guard troops to the border to help with the flow of drugs and guns. And they will be working under an agreement between Mexico and the State Department now elsewhere. And news Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell says, any decision on interest rates this month will not factor in President-elect Trump's plans to raise tariffs and restrict immigration. Now while some experts say Trump's plans will raise inflation, Powell stressed that he doesn't know the details of those plans and he can't make policy based on limited info.


It sounds like he doesn't know a lot. So let's hear more from Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell. We can't really start making policy on that at this time. That that is something that lies well into the future. We have to be, we have to let this play out. Here's what we don't know about tariffs. We don't know how big they'll be. We don't know their, their timing and their duration. We don't know what goods will be tariff. We don't know what country's goods will be tariffed. We don't know how how that will play into prices. What will be the transmission into prices. We don't know how people in the markets and and in the economy will react to that. And we don't know whether other countries will retaliate. Yeah. So most economics expect the Fed to lower interest rates by a quarter percent this month.


Now that inflation has eased a bit. Now what do you guys think about that? I Think that every economist that I've spoken to said that those tariffs are gonna have the price of everything through the damn roof. Oh yeah. And You know, for everybody who voted for Donald Trump, because they said it was the economy, man, you think about it, You know, after he gets sworn in in January, if everything goes up after that, those same people who voted for him are going to flip on him. Yeah. And and people been saying, I mean, when, when they get those tariffs, they have to pass it on to everybody else. So yes, whatever those tariffs are, it is gonna be, we we are gonna be paying for them. And in case people don't understand what that means, like girlies, You know, when we wanna get our she in and our temu and our fashion Nova halls, You know, they come from overseas.


So expect that those prices will be a lot higher. You know, when, when you look and it's not gonna be the same. But not only that, I mean, 'cause if if he's putting tariffs on from, from all of these different countries, it's gonna be a bunch of different products, You know? Oh, No, for sure. For sure. I'm just saying recognize how it looks. In other words, girly, get your halls in now before January, You know, if you wanna go shopping for something, probably do it before January 20th is what I'm getting at. Speaking of which, let's talk as we're on the topic of, of Trump. Trump, Trump, his assassination attempt is leading to heated exchanges on Capitol Hill, Republican Congressman Pat Fallon of Texas questioned secret service acting director Ronald Rowe about why he was positioning himself behind President Biden at a recent September 11th service in New York.


And in that line of questioning, he pretty much was asking that the stack of detail, which means the lead security asking how does that person position themselves when they are with a president or someone acting as a president as Trump was that day in Butler, Pennsylvania when he had his assassination attempt to, now let's hear from the Republican congressman Pat Fallon questioning Secret Service agent director Ronald Rowe and what that sounded like on Capitol Hill yesterday. Congressman, what you're not seeing is the sack of the detail off, out of the picture's view. And that is the day where we remember the more than 3000 people that have died on nine 11. I actually responded to Ground zero.


I was there going through the ashes of The World Trade Center. I was there at Fresh Kill. I'm not asking you that. I I'm asking Congressman, were that's how charge show not for a Secret Service died on nine 11. Oh. That you're trying to be Do not invoke nine 11 for political purposes. I'm not. I'm invoking this. You are, sir. I'm you're outta Moron. That sound like wwe e Man. It got heated real quick, real fast. Right. So the Secret Service has admitted to several failures and handling and the handling of Trump's protection At that rally in Butler, Pennsylvania on July 13th when a gunman opened fire, one audience member was killed. And Trump and two others were wounded. Of course, in the house hearing Ro told lawmakers the discipline of employees who were at fault is still occurring with due process.


He is also the secret. He, again, he also said Secret Service failed to secure the rally site. But he wasn't taking that. He's like, listen, I was at nine 11, that must have triggered him. So I don't know. Yeah, secret Service can't do nothing but take the l about that day. I mean, I don't, I don't even know why they're defending that. Like, there, there, there's nothing you can defend. You know, a former president now about to be president of Luck again, almost got killed. Yep. You gotta take the l that like there's, there's, there's nothing you can do to defend that situation. Well, There, there you have it. That's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeart Radio app and visit us@bnews.com. I'm on vacation next week.


I'm gonna miss y'all. Morgan, enjoy your Vacay all. Morgan, you Peace. See y'all. All righty. Now everybody else don't cheat will be joining us when we come back. Her new album or mixtape, alligators Bites Never Heal is out right now. We gonna be kicking it with Doci, so don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and we got a special guest in the building that came in here is so delightful and bright and nice. Ladies and Gentlemen. Lying. She was not lying, ladies and gentlemen. Definitely came in lying. She was not lying. Ladies and gentlemen, DOCI Iss here. Good morning, DOCI baby. Morning. I'm great Man. It feel good to see you.


Yeah. Because the last time you was here no label reps were with, You Know, I it was do. Yeah. How much has life changed? I mean, a lot. I've been nonstop like on the go. I've been really, really busy in a good way. Performing a lot. I just got off tour, which is incredible. Grammy nom, You know, a lot of Very well deserved by the way. Thank you. Very welcome. A lot of things have been happening. I feel good. You've Receiving a hip hop disruptor award? Yes. How did that feel? They just made that up. I was, You know what's real when they gotta make a name, they gotta make an award. You In a lane of your Own. It feels good. I mean, I'm just like, wow. Hiphop disruptor. That, that resonates with me heavily.


Feels good. Thank You. Let's talk about the name of the album. Yeah. Or, or mix tape. It's a mix tape or album mix Tape mix tape. Alligator bites never Heal. Yes. Why? Why is the name of that? And you talk about it all the time, but this is a different, I know this is a group of people I know. I mean, today it's about this never ending cycle of life of you always have a series of truths that you have to constantly come to within yourself over and over again. It's about patterns, essentially. It's like when you get over one hurdle and you, you cool in, then you have another one to jump in and it's another one. And it's just about accepting that there's always gonna be more to discover about yourself. There's always gonna be more things to dislike about yourself or like about yourself. The more you go on in life.


And that's what it's about. Ultimately you'll always be wounded in some type of way and then you'll always heal. What Came up with that? Even that concept, like just to even the, I don't know what you call it, a metaphor, whatever. Yeah. What made you come up with that story? I don't know. It really was deeply spiritual. It just came to me. Like I I, I always had the name before I even had a project put together. I was like, one day I'm gonna do a project. It's gonna be called Alligator Bites. Never Heal and the music will make sense with it one day. Yeah. Oh, so you've been thought of this? Yes ma'am. Okay. Now you talk about changing and, and things that you like about yourself and don't like about yourself. Yeah. What did you see that, that you didn't like about yourself? I think when I was creating this project, I was always drunk, always drinking, always partying.


And I couldn't recognize myself at all because I wasn't really myself. I was intoxicated whether I'm smoking, I'm drinking or whatever. And I wasn't liking the person that was reflecting back at me. And I was like, okay, I think it's time to like sober up And I need to just get away from people and figure out who am I right now. Because I feel like I was carrying this version of myself that I had been since I was like 20, 21. You know what I mean? And it was no longer serving who I was to become. Mm. And when it was no longer serving me, I was like, okay, let's make a change. And I felt heavily inspired And I made the album Bada bing bada boom. Now I'm in the data suit. You know, When you get to that point though, because You know, in denial is a river, you talk about that a lot.


You talk about, You know, being in that dark period, but You know, also you being caught up in the fast lane of being a rapper. So you had to be lying to yourself for a while. The name of denial is a river. Hmm. Once you get to the point where you was like, You know what, I am kind of fucked up out here. I don't think I was ever lying to myself. Denial is a river. I titled it that because I was dealing with somebody who was lying to themselves. But anyways, I came to that point when I realized that I couldn't create music without drinking in the studio. And that was my breaking point where I was like, oh, I, I have truly forgotten the source of my creativity, the source of who I am. And I've, I'm looking for things outside of me to be myself.


That's weird. Did not, did Wendy Williams influence denial. Real? Yeah. That quote. Wow. Yeah. Lucy, Stop it. Denial is a river in Egypt. Your husband is gay. You was in a situation like that. Yeah. What Don say that again like that. Is it shocking? Wow, isn't it? I mean, no, not in 2024. Not really. It's not shocking. No. How do you deal with that when you find that out? I mean, that was never the problem. I think the problem was that you cheated on me. You also could have let me know upfront, You know what your style was. I'm bisexual. That's cool. I've dated a bisexual man. No Problem. It is different when it's, it is different When it's a man, let Me know what it is upfront.


Yeah. Me. Let me know what it is up front. I'll accept you for who you are. It doesn't really matter. I think it's like cheating on top of lying in secrecy about just who you are as a person. So You wouldn't have a problem dating. Oh, oh, you dated a bisexual man. Absolutely. Hundred percent. This is the song is about, that's why we, It's like how can I be bisexual and then I'm, I'm going to Yeah. Not date somebody who else? Who's bisexual. Why? Because he is a man. Because people Look at it differently. Yes. People, people in this world, it's okay for another woman to be with another woman, but for a man to be with another woman, people look at that differently in a bisexual relationship. Yeah. Absolutely not. I don't, I hear that all the time. I, it's, I don't see it that way. I really don't. I I think that sexuality is, is fluid and, And I really don't give a damn because Then that's contradicting.


It is. You know what I mean? It's, yeah. Yeah. How can I sit up here and be bisexual and they be like, oh no, he bisexual. I can't girl, Whatever. So what's your relationship like now? 'cause I saw where you said you have a girlfriend now. Yeah. It's wonderful. Oh, Oh, she giddy. Yeah. Does she trust you? Oh My god, I'm, yeah, I would hope so. Jesus. Yes, she does. Okay. Okay. I love the fact that you also named songs after things that I love. Like boiled peanuts. Yes. Catfish. What You know about boiled peanuts? Where you from? Where? From Carolina. Hey, come on now. Okay. Talk out fireflies. What made you pay homage to those things? Just the little things that I like in Florida. The little things that make up the swamp.


Just things that I think are cool. Even Bullfrogs, you gotta be from the country to even know what a bullfrog is. Yeah. I hate those things. I've never, I only hear 'em. I don know what that is. I've seen them. Okay. Ugh. Yeah. Yo, You people in the south, like the little things. I know I'm lying. I'm over here. He's like These like fireflies peanuts. You People. Beautiful. Ooh. What You, you showing off your white side? We don't wanna hear you say no more. Speaking of that, speaking of that, oh God. Kendrick said you the hardest out. He did. How did that make you feel? That was great. It is Kendrick. I was like, I did, yeah, he didn't say she hard. He said the hardest Out. The hardest. That's right. Yeah. Period. That's the word with a period. And men don't even be using periods, so that's a big deal.


These they do. But Yeah. Has he given you that validation offline too? Like just, we've Actually never met in person. I haven't, I haven't met him in person yet, but he has given me my props publicly, which is incredible. That's dope. And the day I meet him chill. It's gonna be a really good, Had y'all spoke before that or So you've never even spoken? I've never met Kendrick. Wow. Never met him. Never spoke to him. No. Nothing. He just randomly post posted. Wow. And You were signed to TTDE for four years and you didn't drop anything with him? No. Why Is that? I didn't, it took me a really, really long time to figure out the direction of where I wanted to go with my music. And I think that we were dropping singles and time had gone by And I was trying to discover who I was musically through singles And I couldn't discover that through a full body project.


Mm. And I was like, I need to drop a mix tape and get something out so that I can have a, a project to measure up to. You know, you have artists that are single artists and then you have artists that are like conceptual album artists. Yeah. And I think that I'm that type of artist. Absolutely. And I couldn't see that because I had never dropped a project before. So it was like four years went by And I got 10 singles out. I was like, listen, yeah, we gotta let something go as soon as possible. But yeah. Was it a fight? Was topping punch like against it or? No? I don't think that, I actually don't work with Punch, but Okay. But no, it's not that they were against it. It was just a lot of back and forth about what it is that I wanted to say.


And do we, do we want to go this direction? Do we want to go that direction? Do I want pop? Do I want, what type of artist do I want to be? And it took me a minute to kind of figure that out. How Big is TDE that you don't work a punch. I mean, punches heavily in with SSA. And I mean, SSA's a global superstar. She's busy. So SZA shows you Mad Love though. Yeah. That's my girl. That's my girl. She's incredible. So when You're creating, it's just you in the studio like, yeah. Wow. Damn. Yeah. That's even, I don't like anybody in the studio better. All right. We got more with Doce when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still kicking it with Doce. Her album Alligator Bites Never Heal is out right now.


Now there's, there's rumors that You know, you haven't met Kendrick, but there's rumors that you're gonna be meeting him soon. 'cause they said that you possibly are going out on tour with Kendrick and Scissors. Is there any truth to that? You could lie about everything else, but you can't keep that one. I have y'all please. I have not met Kendrick. I don't know what Kendrick has up his sleeve. I don't know what's to come. But I know that I am prepared to receive any opportunity. Right. That comes my way. But truly, I have no idea. I heard You on his deluxe album or the next project you dropped. I'm Sorry. Yeah. How I'm on it. I ain't never even met him. I don't know. Can Do. So y'all can send records back and Forth? I have, I have no idea where he has us, his sleeve.


I don't know what's going on. You going to the Super Bowl? I don't know. You Performing at the Super Bowl? Okay. I have no idea what is going on. I love all should I love your song. Bloom too. Thank you. And you talk about, You know, constantly neglecting important aspects in your life. Like checking on your family, making it time for yourself. You've only gotten more busy, You know, you are only getting more money. So how are you, You know, balancing those things now I am balancing them. Listen, I use D and D to the fullest of my potential. When I'm off work, I'm truly off work. That's how I, I have my balance. When I have my me time, that's my me time. And if I need three days where it is nothing in nobody, I'm gonna take that time. Understand. So that's how I keep my balance. It's just shutting everybody out when I need me.


Time Has family gotten more aggressive? 'cause they, You know, you aggressive meaning you're more visible now. Like people see you now. A lot of people talking about you and You know, sometimes they think that you got more than you got. People's families get aggressive. Oh yeah. Like let me get a, it used to be a hundred dollars, especially about a holiday season. What holiday season? Nah, not my family. Not my family about that. My family's very, very supportive of me. They hold me down like big time. I was just at my Tampa show. My entire family came like half my family was the goddamn audience. I was like, y'all are pushing my fans out the way. So nah. Do you still have a Nissan Altima? Hell No. No, but it's crazy. I actually just, I got rid of it. The video that we shot, that was when I got rid of it.


Why Would you Get rid of it? That was the first car that the label got me when I first got here. I didn't have a car. And they got me the label Bought you a Nissan Altima when you got to New York. Come on top. Damn. He got me a Nissan Altima. How bought you a Nissan Altima? What year was it? He didn't buy me a Nissan. Oh, okay. You just said drive this. They Gave me a Nissan. I didn't have a car. I ain't have no money. It was like, look little lady, you need to take it easy. You gotta crawl for your balls. That's, that's Good though. He gave me a Nissan, I crashed it. It was horrible. And that's the reason why they gave me, listen, I don't drive. No damn It. I had never had a car before either. And I, I didn't drive. Wait A, come on now explain this to me Again. When I, before I got signed, I never had a car before.


Okay. And I didn't drive. So I came here And I was like, I need to learn how to drive And I need a car. I need to get around. So they were like, here, you can just try your best with this one. Did You have a license? It was horrible. I did have a license. Okay. But I didn't drive. How'd You crash in New York? What you mean in New York? From the country. I, I, it was a culture shock when I first started driving la Oh, LA okay. LA is stressful driving. It's too much. I get anxiety. Even to this day. I don't drive. It's too much. But yeah, I wreck the card. It was horrible. On the song Nissan Altima, you say she's munching on the box while she watching Hulu? Absolutely. How does she do That? So who's, who's, You know I'm old, so you gotta school me. When you say she, you're talking about she's munching the box while she watching Hulu. But the, she watching Hulu is you, it could be more than two girls in there.


It Could be, yeah. You never know. You don't know what's going on. It's a lot of girls in there. It could be two, it could be three. It could be six. Because if she watching Hulu, how's she watching the box at the same time? It could be one more. You gotta focus. That's not true. Well, She's terrible at her Job. Women can multitask. You Had to do a visual for this song. Yeah. Women Can multitask. Okay. You would be surprised what can go down in these lesbian relationships. You can do a lot. You could save world hunger. World Hunger maybe. Nah, it's just interesting. That's why I say I love the titles of your songs because it's like, it's clearly just a feeling, right? Yeah. Like you write these records and you like, what does this record feel like?


Yeah, this record feels like a Nissan Altima. It does. I was like, 'cause that record to me, it feels like when you like free styling with your girls and you're just smoking in the car and y'all freestyling, that's what it gives me. I also wonder too, with TDE, was there ever like, I don't wanna say pushback, but it's like they have a scissor, right? So it's like, if you started, when you do like to sing sometimes, do they ever discourage you from doing that? Like No. Just stick to it. Never. You think never. Okay. My label does not bother me in the studio. Like I, I don't like people in the studio with me. I like to record alone. I'm by myself. Nobody's interrupting me. It's just like, do your thing. I sing, I sing. I got what it is. That's nothing. That's a full singing song.


There's no rap on there. Like Whatever the reason I asked because on Boomba music was like, I just, I just can't sing a little bit. No. 'cause literally I felt like with boom bap, it was like I'm internalizing all of the chatter that I'm getting from fans, from haters, from major label, from the guys. Like, oh yeah, we really like when you rap now we really like when you sing she should keep doing the pop. She should keep doing this. And I was just too focused on what everybody else wanted for Doce versus what Doce wanted for Doce. Now you talked earlier about, You know, you were drinking and you using drugs and alcohol as a crutch, right? When performing, were you nervous about doing this project? Not drinking? Like is it gonna, am I gonna sound the same?


Am I gonna sound good? I was terrified. I was terrified because I was like, I don't know if people wanna hear these dark topics. I don't know if anybody wants to hear this right now. I feel like there was a period in music where everybody was like, shut up with that. Don't nobody wanna hear all that. People just wanna have fun right now. We got out of Covid, don't nobody wanna be sad, da da da da. And I was like, I don't want my fans to listen to my music and be sad. I don want them to feel good about themselves. But it's also like if I'm, I have to make music for therapy for my myself, otherwise I'm doing it for the wrong reasons. Then I was like, well this is my truth. This is where I am in my life right now. Somebody else gotta be dealing with it too. And even if they not, I don't What became the new crutch?


Or if there is a new crutch. Like usually people get rid of drinking and they smoke or they get rid of smoke. So smoke and they start having sex. Or they watch this. Like what was, what's the new crutch? If there is one? Knock it off. I think the new crutch is music. Dope. I don't vape. I don't smoke nicotine. I don't do none. At least right now in this season of my life. 'cause what works for me now is what works for me now. Right. I might run right back to the bottle when I turn 30. Who knows? And that's my business. But I think that this serves me and my new crutches, just my music and sobriety. It feels better to be sober right now. Got you. I don't think your generation knows how courageous y'all are. And what I mean by that is, it's like, You know, for us, we weren't talking about mental health, we weren't talking about anxiety, we weren't talking about depression.


But You know, as you get, you get older, you start doing the work on yourself. We didn't have nobody providing no soundtracks for us. But it's like now it's the you, it's the Kendricks. It's the Rhapsody. Like y'all are not afraid to put that type of stuff in y'all, in y'all music. Yeah. Yeah. I think that it's important too. I feel like especially in hip hop right now, it should be reflecting real life situations and real things that are going on. I feel like there is a overload of distractions and materialism and things like that. We need to balance it with that heart and that consciousness and a self-awareness. And that's what I'm contributing right now. I'm gonna be popping ass soon though. So You said, you say that, what was that song on MPH?


You say I I could, I could give 'em the con, but I'm too busy giving busy, Giving a, it's like, it, there's so many layers to me as a woman and I'm, I'm gonna express them all, all the time. I'm never gonna box myself in like, oh, I'm only gonna talk about this. I'm only gonna write, this is real rap. 'cause you talk about that, that's not true. I just think that I'm telling my truth right now. I, this is my truth, but I'm not righteous. Lock It. Well the, the yin and the yang of life is righteousness and ratchetness. Ooh. Yeah. It's the perfect balance. See All, we got more with Doce when we come back. Doce, who's in the building right now, her album Alligator Bites Never Heal is out right now. Now Jess, You got anybody you wanna collaborate with? Like you just, Ooh no. It's been a dream. No. And I Like, I'm hopping right Now. I don't give a shit about nothing y'all got Going on.


Okay. Nah, nah, nah. I think that I've gotten all my collaborations that I want. That Tyler one really did it for me. That was like top of my list. I have always wanted to collaborate with Tyler the creator. I have my collab. Oh, Beyonce and Kendrick Lamar. Mm gotcha. Top collaborations. Other than that I'm cooling. Beyonce gave you props too. She listed you as one of her favorite Rappers. She did. That was crazy. Have you met her? I haven't. Ah, damn. You stayed in the house yet. You said you outside. Did you speak to anybody? Not in the house, but you, you, you were, you performed in LA for Renaissance, right? I did, yeah. And you okay. You just still didn't get to meet but nah, no. You didn't meet. Yeah, because I heard a lot about your performance. It was lit and everything And I thought you would've been popping bottles in the back. Okay. Nope.


What time did you go on that? You didn't meet the other So you didn't even see them? We got that opportunity kind of last minute. I think it may have. I found out what a day or two days before the show or something. And again, global superstar, super busy woman. She has her children with her on tour. Mm. She don't got time. Like Gotcha. You know what I mean? But I think when it's the right time we'll meet each other. Yeah. Does that recognition and validation mean anything To you from Beyonce? Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. I trust her to pick the best talent and the best people that she's, she surrounds herself with. When I went And I opened up her production team, flawless, her team was incredible.


So I knew her inviting me was validation that I'm doing something right And I'm performing to some level of excellence, which was incredible. How Do you deal with your, your, your anxiety now? 'cause You know the crowd's only gonna get bigger. Yeah. A lot more eyeballs on you. And You know, sometimes when I see you out it feels like I, I guess that's your bodyguard. You always like, you're always holding his hand. Is that like your safety blanket Or I just don't like people too close to me and that's all I think I just hold his hand so that we can move through the crowd. 'cause sometimes you can just chill. Yeah. Yeah. So what are you doing to just deal with the anxiety in general? Like before you hit the stage or? I don't feel any anxiety when I'm on stage or when I'm at shows or I, I like this environment. I like natural my job with It.


What about interviews? Hello Interviews? No, I'm just kidding. I like interviews. This interview however made me a little, I was like, I don't know why you been here before. You're a bit unpredictable because you, yeah, you're a little unpredictable that Saturday, But last time you said we had a great time. It was great, it was great. But I was like, I don't, I don't know, You know, I don't know what type of head space he gonna be on, You know? Did he take his magic? I don dunno where he gonna be at with it, but I mean, I Feel that every morning course Pop Dogs said that alligator we never hill. He, he said it had the same vibe as Section 80. He did say that. He said he had the same feeling that he did when Kendrick dropped six section 80.


Meaning like, this is, this is our next superstar. I won't speak for him, but I told him that though. He sent me that, he sent me the album a while, like a while before it came out. And I was just like, what'd You think about it? I said, She's, I I, I was on the air talking about it. I was like, yo, I heard Don, she's outta here. Like, like I literally was like, yo, she's outta here. Like thank You. Got it. We always give you props up there like thank you all the time. And I wanna say thank you Jess. 'cause you do you always give me my props? Yeah, everything that you,


the Holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time. Share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company.


You have said about me. It's just you always esteem me And I I really appreciate it. I love that. Even before all the hype Yeah, you was like, I don you. That's right. Yeah. She loved that Stinky record. Stinky Pool. Stink pool. Stink pool. Yes. That's a real southern thing. Was that like your nickname growing up or something? Thinka pool. Yeah. Thank fool. Is it true that you completed this project a month before it was released? Absolutely. Damn. What? Yeah, that's all it took me. No, I needed it. It was something in my spirit that was like, you need to drop this, this project now if you don't drop this project now you gonna miss the mark. And I was like, I got to get this out right now. I don't know why, but God was just tugging on my spirit like it's time to go. Oh, I love that. Yeah. How often do you, well and this's a stupid question, but how often do you listen to the spirit of God?


Because sometimes God will tell you to move and we don't move. I'm only not listening to the spirit of God when I am distracted internally. That's why I keep telling y'all this sobriety thing. I hear from God better when I'm sober and I'm clear-minded. So it's like I only veer off of that when I distract myself with other things outside of me. And sometimes those other things are people, humans. No. That are with you. When you watching Hulu Man trying to nah You back. I can't imagine. How does it feel when, when you talk about all the, the, the albums that came out this year and, and they talk about yours as being one of the, the top five of the best where they talk about Kendrick's album, your album, gorillas Album.


Yeah. How does it feel to be on the top of those lists when it comes to putting out music? 'cause that's what you do it for. You want people to receive it. Well so how does that feel? Yeah, it feels like they're accurate. They're right. It should be there. It feels really, really good. You ever feel a moment of they didn't understand at first and now people are starting to get it? I think people are still kind of trying to get it. Yeah. Still. I don't know. Yeah. I've kind of felt like niche at first. Like I think people are just kinda like, what's what's her vibe? What's going on? She's in underwear, she's rapping about this. I don't really get the scrolls tape on her face and they're trying to figure it out. I don Dunno. But you do this thing like you, you capture somebody's attention. You make people wanna pay attention more. 'cause that, that's how I got onto you. I'm like, dang, like what is this?


Like, You know, you are different. That's why I, I didn't know you were from Tampa today. Just was saying it. 'cause you can't put you in a specific place like you, You know, and then your projects before nothing sounds like the previous one. Like you, you offer so many different, like a variety of sounds. So I, I think the fact that they're trying to catch on, that's still good. That's what you want. 'cause you don't fall in the box with nobody else. Yeah. Yeah. I think that it a little alien. They have have to like, you have to digest it And I think you need context 'cause you'll listen to one song but then you'll listen to another And it's like when you listen to the full project, I think it comes together for people. You kind of gotta dive in the song.


So animated. I think it's dope that they can't put you in a box though. Yeah. Like if you listen to a song like Al Ego or Nissan Altima, you like, what is this? Who is this? I think it's just hard for people because in order to get an understanding you have to say, oh well You know, she sounds like this or she sounds like that. So people know what they expect. But I think not knowing what they expect is even better. Yeah, I agree. I think that my goal is to eventually just be in my my own lane, my own thing. It's kind of like what I admired about Missy Elliot, when she came out it was like Missy Elliot rapped and sing, but she rapped in a way that was just, she's just missy. You know what I mean? She kind of like separated herself And I think that's the goal. What type of conversations is.you having with herself nowadays?


Are you safe with yourself? I am. A lot of the conversations that I'm having is, I'm trying to Say the right thing in interviews. No, I, I find myself, I'm trying to ground myself right now. It's kind of like a lot of things are happening at once and that happened to me when I first got signed and it, it overwhelmed me and I'm trying to learn from that and ground myself. I feel like I'm walking on a cloud, like on air And I, I need to ground myself constantly and be like, okay, calm down. You're safe. Good things are happening. And because good things are happening, it doesn't mean that something bad is gonna happen. Mm. This is okay.


And that's what I'm practicing. Have you and Azalea Banks folks since that last Absolutely. Back and forth. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. It seemed like you ain't even wanted to be a beef. 'cause it's like nah, but yeah, No, that tea is Stale. It's like what? Yeah, it's like, Yeah, it's whatever, You know. Have you met c Yeah, of course. I don't say of course Celebrities. She did. She was just on stage. I ilog No. Okay. Because because she, she seems like the type of person that you could talk to. Yes. Because y'all have had a similar trajectory. It's something I, it's something really, the reason I say that is 'cause I love the way TDE does it with their artists. I know it may seem frustrating to the artists, but it feels like they're one of the last few people who actually do artist development. So you watch these people grow and then become these big superstars.


Yeah. So she seems like the type of person you could talk to about everything you're experiencing now. Absolutely. I could call her And I could talk to her about the simplest things or I could call her and be like, I'm having an existential crisis. And she'd be like, what's up Donie? That's dope. So I, it feels good to just know that like I still can do that. And she knows she can do the same with me, which is fire. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Doci. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Jess. Can you See us? Hello Jessica Robin Moore. Could you act like you're here with us? That's why you ain't gonna get none of this soul Tasty. Drop on a close bond for soul Tasty. Soul Tasty. Your soul food restaurant from Connecticut. They here setting up food 'cause You know today is Big Mac born day. How much food They got?


Oh Dang. They got enough for everybody. Okay. Including Big Mac. First of all, Did you say that like trying to be shady to Big Mac because Big Mac is now medium. He's not you right. No. Stop. Stop. He ain't medium now. Don't do. Alright, well no you right. He was extra large now. There you go. Don't No, no, no. Triple X Extra Low. He was triple X. Now He might be X xl. Yes, it's coming down though. Yeah. Said I lost a hundred and something. I said you must have weighed a thousand and something. But You know he's depressed though. He's, he like, he, he doesn't like new body. He hates his new body. He doesn't, I don't understand how he can hate that. Yeah, he just love it. It is good. It is good for what and why you gonna play the biggest the largest when when we talk about Big Mac Drop the clues bond for big extra plug while listen to that song a lot.


You me, me too. That is a big back anthem. Me too. Well I just, this is just a hype song. But anyway, let's get to Jessica with the mess. Come on here. Real lion. Jessica, Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do No she don't scare nobody. World. Why Worldwide on The Breakfast Club? She's the cultureship. She was able to get Y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Okay. So a great friend of ours, Tre a trophy opened up about a co a custody battle earlier this morning. A situation that he's currently dealing with. So for the backstory, Trey won primary custody of his daughter Truth at the beginning of this year, which he spoke about during the interview that he was up here.


He was just up here back in September. And that he spoke on it. I got primary custody of my daughter so I just introduced her to a therapist. So You know how old your daughter still six? She's six. She six. A lot of us watched you in that like fight with your daughter, like trying to figure out the custody thing or whatever. How does it feel now to be able to, like you said, like you're doing things like putting her in therapy, working things out together. Like you don't have to fight anymore. You can just be dad. Now how does that feel? I'm not gonna necessarily say I don't have to fight no more, but what I will say is you find things that, that we be proud of that we accomplished and outta all the big stuff I did in life, You know, in the happiest moment was to enroll her in school.


Yeah. So you can hear that he says in the, in the clip that the fight not over. 'cause that's what he did. He hopped on social media to let us know that his daughter was kidnapped by his mo by her mother. And they have not seen her in the last four months. Trey's supposed to have his daughter full-time by court order, but allowed troops', mother visitation rights. And he dropped her off to our mother Friday, August 16th. And she was only supposed to spend two days with her mother, but she never came back. And he had posted that during the custody battle his, the child's mother started like racking up all these fake charges saying that he, he was verbally, physically abusive and all of that type of stuff and that, You know, the child is in danger and all that type of stuff. But he did end up winning.


But he did say the fight wasn't over. He's been city to city looking for his daughter and he even got a private investigator that he hired to help him find her. But the private investigator came back and said that he saw True's mother and grandmother sneak to change locations in the middle of the night. And Trey openly shamed anyone who has been helping her hide his child in the post. He said it's actually people assisting her mom to hide her defending her and making up reasons to excuse this, turning a blind eye and helping to harbor a child that was wrongfully taken is dead wrong. No excuse. And he believes that Tre's mother is mentally abusing her by convincing her that Trey is a bad dad and leading her to turn, leading her to turn against him. And he also said that truth, which is his baby's name, has not been in school during all this in the US Marshals are helping Trey look for her.


But he believes that they could be doing more than they actually doing. And he believes if he had been the one to kidnap his daughter, the search would have been a lot more aggressive than it is to find her while she would her mom. Yeah. Salute, salute to Trey. Trey's been dealing with this absolutely. For a long time. Yeah. He he was scared to talk about it because he was scared he wouldn't be able to find his daughter. Even when he came up here, he was dealing with it. And I speak to Trey a lot about this and, and this breaks him like this, You know, Trey's a strong individual. He helps so many people out there and, and this is the one thing that breaks him. This is the one thing that, You know, when, when I speak to my brother, he just doesn't seem, You know, he, he, it breaks, it brings him down and he says the only way that he gets over it is by helping other people. That's why he, he dedicates his his life really to making sure people are okay in storms and in bad situations.


So, and that's really praying for re and that's all He does. Yeah. That's really all he does. And he's asking if anyone sees her do, do not approach them. Don't go up to them just, just contact him or investigators or CPS. So Absolutely. I feel bad now 'cause he, he hit me yesterday. He was like, call call me but I forgot to call him back but I'm gonna call him today. Same. Yo. Here you yesterday. Totally forgot. Yeah. Yeah. Love you Tre. And so I'm gonna hit him today. I know all love him too. And that is the just of the mess all we got time for. So. Alright Jess. Good stuff. Ah boy. All right. Well Shela man, who giving that donkey to man? Man. Four after the hour for anybody looking to buy crack off Craigslist, we gonna talk about it. Okay. First of all, we don't go from that to buying crack off Craigslist.


They Got crack on Craigslist. We gonna talk about it. Let's discuss four after the hour. You About to see not for me. You Excited for no reason. Are you from Baltimore too? All right, we'll get into next. Here's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Make sure you tell him to watch out for Florida. Man. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. Yes you are a donkey. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant whites. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a police. The Breakfast Club bitchy donkey other day with Charlamagne to God.


I don't know Why y'all keep letting him get y'all elected. No Val, it's not me, it's Florida. Okay donkey today for Friday December 6th goes to a Florida man named Anthony Mata. Now what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now today is also The Breakfast Club born day. Okay we turn 14 today, dropping a cruise bond for The Breakfast Club, which means 14 years of Donkey of the Day, five days a week. For 14 years I've been able to give someone the credit they deserve for being stupid, including me. Okay, including Envy. Yes. Because Donkey of the Day does not discriminate. And the reason I'm bringing this up because the great state of Florida has contributed to many of these, he haws and I'm grateful.


Okay, thank you Florida. Thank you. Florida. Drop on the clues bombs for Florida. Alright, Florida is consistently Florida. Salute to the Sunshine State. Now Anthony Mata, like a lot of people, uses Craigslist. Craigslist allows his, allows his users the post brows. But it's supposed to be classified advertisements. I don't know if they are because I don't use it. Anybody in here use Craigslist? No. Okay. No, not anymore. Oh You used to use Craigslist. So they, they allow you to let your advertisements be classified? No. Oh, but I used to use them. Okay, but Anthony is in jail right now because he posted an ad that said new to the area looking for ice or crack. Okay, what Now?


Ice is meth. Alright. I wouldn't expect you to know that unless you smoke it or sell it. And I think we all know what crack is is Let's go to Fox 22 News for the report please. A Florida man was arrested after his Craigslist post searching for crack was answered by an undercover investigator. The suspect identified as Anthony Mata wrote in his post, new to the area looking for ice or crack. An investigator posed as a seller of the substance responded to the ad and set up a meeting with Maa Mata negotiated to purchase an eight ball of methamphetamine for $80. After finalizing the deal, the investigator met Maa at an agreed upon location. But when the suspect and the undercover investigator exchanged money for the drugs, more deputies took action in an apprehended maa.


You think Maa was charged with the purchase of methamphetamine and unlawful use of a two-way communication device. His companion, Steven Hornsby was also arrested for being a principle to the purchase of methamphetamine. I got drugs for sale back in the day Carlos Miller And I had a song we used to sing on set called I Got Drugs for Sale. Never in my life did I think people would actually be putting that on Craigslist and actually advertising that they got drugs for sale or they're looking for 'em. Now I have been asking law enforcement to do something for me for a long time and nobody is obliged. But I really wanna sit with law enforcement and watch them when they find stories like this online. Okay, the F-B-I-D-E-A, local police, sheriff's officers, whatever it is, your job has never been easier.


How hard do you laugh when you come across stories like this? I wanna be around when y'all set up a crack trap. Okay? This is incredible. Lemme tell you something. I have a theory that humans truly don't know right from wrong anymore because of the internet. We see and hear some of the most heinous things done and spoke about online. So we don't know what's legal and illegal anymore. So to me, You know, buying ice and crack off Craigslist seems absurd, but not in this new digital world. I can totally see someone on Craigslist asking, is the Methin Crack still available? Yes, but it's a package deal with an old DVD player. I'll even throw in breaking bad season one if you buy the meth off the Craigslist and, and, and if you are on Craigslist buying meth, it's gotta be cash.


No Venmo because don't nobody wanna pay no tax on crack. And what if the meth and crack for sale on Craigslist said slightly used? Slightly used? What does that mean? That means that somebody had it in a baggie got pulled over by the police. So they put it in their anus so cops couldn't find it. And so when they got searched, so it's slightly used because it's in the same baggie that was in his ass. So it's got a little stench to it, but it's cheaper than most Reverend Crack on the street. So why complain? Great deal. This is the problem we have normalized too much crack. Okay? Crack shouldn't have slogans. Meth shouldn't have slogans. It shouldn't be smoke, crack and chill. You know, it shouldn't be slogans like meth in your mouth, not in your hands.


No. You on Craigslist talking about Nolo offers. I know what I got. Yeah, you got a felony waiting to happen. And that's exactly what Anthony got. Mm. Please let Chelsea handle, give Anthony Mata the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise And I tell you something man. Whoever came up with the word crack Eight, are we gonna play a game? Because what? You wanna play a game? Yeah. Oh, okay, all let's play a game then. Guess what? Race, right? Let me give the clue again. I'm sorry. Okay. Anthony au I'm sorry. Anthony Au of Florida bought meth.


Well put up an advertisement looking for meth and crack on Craigslist. Guess what? Racists just hilarious. We'll start with you. This Envy wants to rush, Right? Caucasian. The what? Caucasian. Oh, I thought you said crack. Crack. Okay. Right. DJ Envy. Yes. Anthony Mata. What? What? What? Anthony Mata from Florida. Okay guys, I don't even know why we did this. Of course, of course. All right. These is capital ride white. Okay, capital ride White. Look at they mugshot. All right. They look like they in in Florida Be too short these days.


Yo. You know what I'm saying? I know, I know some bold niggas in Baltimore that are move to a new spot and be like, yo, what's up with a crack? And put that out There. That is true. Demographics of things are changing, but some things never change. Okay? Yeah. And this right here, Anthony Mata in Florida buying crack and meth off a Craigslist. Look at that mugshot, bro. I see. They look like they just in Florida screaming. We the meth like this. Look at this meth where the meth wear the meth. But, but let me ask you a question though. I gotta ask a question though. Obviously these guys have a problem, so they should be arrested for that and not put into some kind of rehabs facility. Well, yeah, I mean, yeah. Yeah.


I I mean I do think that when you have an addiction, they wasn't selling it facility, they was trying to buy it, but you gotta get a little jail time for the stupidity. You know what I'm saying? You on Craigslist bro, but They a fiend. Like when you fending for crack, you Yeah. You wanna go to the most extremist measures to get it. Yeah. I'd rather them go on Facebook than go in my house and steal the tv. Nah, I be feeling like that too. But I feel like that mostly when it's black stores, I don't see the need to jump. I don't see the need to say that at Right. A time like this in me. I really don't. Okay. Like the white. But you're Right, you're right, you're right. And, and And I and you're right. Okay. To be fair, I'm just, let me put my bias to the side. You're absolutely, you're absolutely correct. They're looking to buy crack. They're addicts just like anyone else. Yeah, that is, that is absolutely true. Crack is a ill word.


Drop on a clue ball for the word crack. Crack because it's just an ill word. And you think about it, you think about crack the drug, the crack in your ass. Back in the day, we used to say you step on a crack, you break your mama's back and you used to really believe that you see cracks in the sidewalk and you be like, yo, let me not step on that. I don't wanna break my mama back. And whose mama back actually got broke? 'cause somebody stepped on a crack that, that became a thing. Dumb. All right, well thank you for that don day. You be walking down the street looking dumb as hell, like trying to step the cracks in all the boxes looking stupid. But how we know that wasn't true. At one point in time people was actually stepping on cracks and mama's backs was breaking. No, that's not true. Why we having this conversation? Yeah, it's not true. What's wrong with us? You know that.


Alright, Somewhere you ain't even Black. They ain't never have. I am black. You ain't. I am black. Go. Alright, thank you for that donkey. The day you gotta keep telling people you black, you not black. No. 'cause you Keep telling people I'm Dominican and people be confused. Plumbers crack. Well plumber's crack is the same thing but crack just hit the word. Crack Just hit. Alright There. Well thank you for that donkey. The day. Now when we come back, it's Friday. So You know what that means. It's freaky, freaky, freaky funny. Hey, now Dochy was just on here and she was talking about dating bisexual Men. Well actually she has a song on her album called Denial is A River. And the reason I love this song is because this song was inspired by a classic moment from the Wendy Williams experience.


Okay? I remember this moment vividly. All right? 'cause I was sitting right there, right? Do we have a clip? Yes. I remember this, this, this woman called in asking Wendy for advice 'cause her man was gay. Let's listen. What did your husband do that made you uncomfortable, Wendy? He went down, Down where? How's It car? Well, he, What more do you need to know you donkey? He consider like having extra fun. He didn't admit it to me. I was Lucy, stop it. Denial is a river in Egypt. Your husband is gay, he's a he. Guys if you wanna stay, there's nothing wrong With it.


What a time. What was those beeps? What a time you had her. She said, what was the beeps? He said, You know what he, she said, she said, she said that. Did she h oh h to the is old baby Jesus Christ. All right. 800 be five One. Ladies, what is the question? Ladies? Do. Has that ever happened to you? Have You ever dealt with a bisexual man or, or a downlow man? Yeah, I don, yeah. Was dating you found out Yet Dogie found out and a woman that called in the Wendy show found out they found this out. All right. Just like you found out your, your man was cheating, but it was cheating with a another guy. Alright, so 805 8 5 1 0 5 LA one. Ladies, have you ever dealt with a man on a down low and you didn't know?


And then you found out We'll start with you. Just, just, has that ever happened to you? No. We gotta go to Commercial Fool. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Yo, you so excited to talk about it. You want you wanna go to break, right? Like Come on, envy. Ah, man. All this talk cracking now this topic envy got be bricked up over there. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, Doce was here earlier today and she was telling us about how she found out her Ex of back up Buddy's one. What? It's Friday. Oh my bad. It's Friday. So You know what that means? It's freaky, freaky, freaky Friday. Yeah. So we were telling you Doce was here and she was talking about a ex she was dating and how she found out he was on the down low.


Let's listen. I've dated a bisexual man. No problem. Well it is different when it's a, it is different when it's a man. Let me know what it is upfront. Yeah, be honest. Let me know what it is up front. I'll accept you for who you are. It doesn't really matter. So you Wouldn't have a problem dating. Oh, you dated a bisexual man. Absolutely. 100%. Listen, the song is about, That's why we, it's like how can I be bisexual and then I'm, I'm going to yeah, not date somebody who else? Who's bisexual? Why? Because he's a man. I don't see it that way. I really don't. Yeah, yeah. How can I sit up here and be bisexual and then be like, oh no, he bisexual. I can't girl, whatever. And don't think this was a random conversation if you heard her album Alligator Bites Never Hill. She has a fantastic song called Denial of the River.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something. That Last State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Which a song that I love because it was inspired by a moment that happened on the Wendy Williams experience. You know, back in the day, I wish, I wish we had more time with Doge. I wanted to know who put her onto that. Did she hear it as a child? Because this happened back in, this was 2006. Yeah, let's play the clip red. What did your husband do that made you uncomfortable When he went down Down where I, Well he Do you need to know you donkey there Consider like having extra fun. He didn't admit it to me. I was Lucy, stop it. Denial is a river in Egypt. Your husband is gay.


He's a, he's a he. He likes guys if you wanna say that Memorized. Yeah, I, yeah. You memorized that, memorized that Scene in the movie. There ain't nobody like Wendy Williams, bro. Nobody, nobody. I, that clip was fantastic. You hear me? That's crazy. I mean, Jess, have you ever Have I ever, what Dated a man that was, okay, let's go to Phone call dated a man that was, he found out was dated. A man that cheated on you with another man. Let's just say I'm glad that I'm on his zoom. Don't have a play with me like that. 'cause not, Well that wouldn't be your fault if he did it To reach his own No. To reach, no, it wouldn't be my fault. But to reach his own. But You know, but no, I'm not willingly doing that.


Or by mistake. I, I'm gonna say I don't say She said or by mistake. No Uhuh. No. What about you Vy? You ever dated a man and found out that he was Your son up? Baby you Out that he was. Yeah, you, you, you stupid. I thought we was just working together. Jessica, good morning Jessica. Hey, how are you guys? Good, good, good. What with you Jessica? So I was dating a boy And I had got a lot of rumors that he was on the DL but I never peaked it. My sister had went on Craigslist one day and seen an ad that he had posted and it was in the men searching for men's section.


They selling all types of crack on Craigslist. You can buy any type of crack you want on list. Huh? Damn Jesus. Yeah, it was crazy 'cause the way she realized it was him, because it wasn't a face picture, he actually posted a picture of his private on the edge. Mm. And she noticed that it was our bathroom that he had posted the picture In. Not gonna lie, your cousin or your sister, whoever found that out was really blowing that picture up. Yeah. You damn right. Also, if you selling ass on Craigslist, you ain't really trying to keep it on the deal, right? No, no it's definitely not. And the crazy part was he tried to deny it.


Wow. Denial is a river in Egypt. He's gay. He's a bleep bleep He likes guys. Thank you Jessica. What more do you need? You donkey don't you donkey? Hello, who's this? Good morning, this is Angelina. Hey Angelina. Good morning. Now has this happened to you Angelina? Oh man. Crazy thing. I actually bumped into the guy the other day. So let me tell you. Well first of all, good morning DJ Envy and Uncle S Shyla. 8, 4, 3 This morning. You know, I hear that Geechee and you and Good Mor. Good morning Jess. Welcome back. Good Morning baby. Thank you. Thank you. Oh let me tell y'all. Oh my god. Crazy. So I actually was talking to a guy on a dating app and we were supposed to meet up for a date and then I have a date, a male friend, my homeboy And I was showing him the guy who I was supposed to be going on a date with.


And so he was on a dating app as well too on the male side. And he was telling me that he actually also had a date as well too. So he actually showed me the profile of the guy he was supposed to have a date with. Tell me why it was the same guy. No. What'd you say to him? You said, boy, you like booie in it. Listen, I was like, because on the dating map it'll ask you do you want it to show you woman or men? And I'm guessing it was an option to do both. So he is on both sides, playing both sides. And I was out the other night here 'cause I live out in the metro so I was at a $2 Tuesday spot for tacos on Tuesday. And I saw the guy, I didn't say nothing to them, but I just did not stop last time. I was like, there's no way you were on both sides of the app trying to get with men and women, but his fighter not.


So he was bisexual And now you, now you at $2 Tuesdays acting like you like tacos, knowing damn well you don't want no tacos. Jesus. Right. He want them taco stuff. Goodbye. No, she tried it. She was crazy. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking ladies, have you ever dealt with a man that was on the down low? You thought he was straight and you found out he was on the down low? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Freak. It's freaky Friday. Hey look, where am I Freaks at? Call in now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now if you're just joining us. Doci was here earlier and she was talking about dating a man that she found out was on the down low. The man had lied to us. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Has this happened to you? Hello? Who's this? This boss lady. Good morning. What's Up boss lady? Good Morning boss Lady. Good morning. Well I was calling in about the question of the day, so I actually walked in on my ex-boyfriend giving his roommate some What? Oh wow. How old are you first of all man? Well I am 44 and at the time I was 34.


Okay, okay. So was he doing a good job? Did you teach him anything? Listen, he was doing the job better than I could have done. Damn. Which was exactly and kind of, so I'm just standing at the door watching without seeing anything and after like a couple of minutes his roommate got off and he just all in and got up W in his mouth. And I'm like, okay. That's when I beat over and I'm like, what the hell going on? And now you trying to fight me. Well first. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop, stop. So how long did you watch man? Like, like he, Man man, I watched probably for about five good minutes. Dang Time be watching somebody giving.


Why did you like it? He At the door. I don't get any answer so I'm like, okay, let me pull out my little emergency keys that he don't know. I got, You know, I'm going through I'm, I'm going through the apartment, I don't see anybody. So I go to his roommate, Dom Finn, ask his roommate like, where is he at? The door is half cracked. He cracked about three inches open. So I'm just standing there for a while before I even like, my mouth was literally my mouth hit the floor. And then he tried to fight you but still He tried to get up trying to fight me. You know about, First of all, go brush your teeth sweetheart. Don't get up. Don't get I'm right do. I'm like, if you wanted the, I could have put on a strap on and You know that stuff don't Matter.


No, no I don't. That's different babe. I think that's a form of mental illness. Yeah. Can't, yeah, can't no strap on, off on you. You know what I mean? Oh wait, I can't see that. Yeah, I think sucking on a scrap on is a form of mental illness man. And I'm gonna tell you, and I'm gonna tell you what I really think it's a form of mental illness when you got the scrap scrap on on, but you moaning while somebody's ing it. What the hell wrong with You? Whatcha thinking about like what You got scrap on on and you moaning? Oh yeah. Like what? Yeah, What's the noise? What's the noise? Hello? Who's this? Hey, my name is Jasmine. Hey Jasmine, have you ever dated a man on the down low? So it's never been confirmed but I really, really, really truly believe he was so hear me out every single time we were having sex, he always wanted his ass.


Not just but play with and and sometimes You can't stay, you can't ask him now. Oh Man. Yeah. But my thing is like he wanted it too much and then he would like shoot it in the air. He was like the type that likes to sit on faces And I just wasn't really into all of that. I was like, why do you want all of this? Like, what's going on? Is there something you wanna tell me? And then not to make matters worse, he, he always hung out with his best friend and his best friend was gay. So I'm just like, yeah, why you got a best friend that's gay and But guys don't like to talk about their, their girls about as play 'cause he like it and you should be able to do it. He should be able to be free with you.


What? But I feel Like you all with you around that he was around a lot of gay niggas too. But he the only straight one come on. Well he, I mean clearly he was bi so he was a little crooked. But my point is he probably wanted to have that conversation with you but You know, you wouldn't allow him to, would you have been willing to do that if he been honest With you? No, that's not true. I, I'm bi so I'm very open to it. I would've been cool with it had he been open. She Just wanted to know. I feel like she was still trying to be straight because maybe his siblings made fun of him. Like even his family used to jokingly be like, I think you're gay. And he would be like, no, no I'm not the Because he's bye. But here's the thing, I think that with songs like Doce Denali or River or even you having these conversations, maybe that'll help to eradicate the stigma I guess.


I don't know. You have To kick the stigma but even what you being Yeah, yeah, you might be right. Even with you being vital, you still don't want no big grown ass man sitting on your face. Like what? Right. Thank Girl. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly right. Like 'cause if I'm with a man, I'm with a man when I one stuff just sitting on my face, they usually cute. They yeah I don dunno. I was like listen, I can't get a strap for you if that's what you want. I've done. Thank you. I'll get the strap. Wow. He want the one that don't come off. No GMO over here. Nope. Okay. I want that organic. Alright. Right, right.


What's the moral of the story? Is there moral, The moral of the story? Let's play Doce denial as a river right now. Eddie, you got the song Let play Doce denial as the river man all. Okay. And Then when we come back, we got past the arcs. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is hanging with us today and let's get into past the arcs. Yeah. DJ come spin now come spin. What's up Myla? What's up guys? How are you? Good morning. Good Morning.


Big Nyla. NYLA. Don't play with her. What's happening? Don't play with it. You got court today? No I don't got court today. I just got business to handle actually. Okay. Alright. And me, it's just an N word in his world. People only go to court and church on Eastern. That's why they dress. That's Crazy. Which is ridiculous by the way. By the way. He's not an N word. He's a white Dominican And that's why he would think that she gotta a go to court 'cause she dressed up. I'm not a white Dominican, I'm black. But go ahead. You know I had enough with racial transgressions this week, especially on the timeline. So I'm gonna keep it pushing. But I am gonna be at Miami Art Basel this weekend. Art Basel? Yeah, I'm having a party. So if you guys, I should come. I mean Yo you, You know down for men, wherever men gonna be, she gonna be first of all Album.


Don't it seem like you always doing that? Doing that? Because I be just down for a good time. But You know what, it's not all about men. Pull up Art Baslow. I don wanna put the flyer. It's in my story but I wanna get into this new Sino album he just dropped and my favorite record on there is called Ho. Now drop On a bond from Simino. I like Simino a lot. Nla actually put me on the Simino a few years ago. Sino Dope. He's a vibe. Yeah, that's Yes. Okay cool. Certified vibe number one. Number two, let me get into Samara I think is how you pronounce her name. But she was going viral for her colors performance a few months ago, but she just dropped a tape last month and my favorite record on there is called Center. That's All. Yeah, like That's all dropping one the Clues. Bombs for Why did you say she had a colored performance? What is a colored Performance?


You know like colors like the performance art where you do your song live, like you rap it live the platform. It's Like on the radar colors. I thought you said colored like color. No, like the white people would be like, we're going to the colors. Go watch the colors. No, remember Nobody saying watch The colors before man take off. Did Hotel lobby there? Remember that video where the, with the mic Got you. That was hard, hard, hard. Whoever produced that phenomenal job, that Was dope. Yeah, production's tough and she's tough too. Make sure you guys check her out Samara and where's she from? I don't know where she's from, but she got a whole album out. The album is great. And then last but not least, I'm gonna go to Wiz Kids Project. I know it came out a few weeks ago but it, it came out the day as a Kendrick thing and it was just a lot going on. This albums dope. It's so good. They Said one of the best things of the Year.


Did it get like, not the attention because of the whole all the Kendrick stuff? Well, I think to Rat fans, it didn't get the attention to Global fans. It probably got its attention. But I'm going to go with the record that got Brent F on it called Peace of My Heart. Yeah, Kin is dope. Okay. I'm get on that vibe this weekend And be likes it Charlotte. Like I, I just thinking like, that's crazy 'cause I didn't remember even those songs hit Instagram real so hard when they first shot. I'm telling you that Kendrick, the Kendrick album was so loud nobody paid attention to anything else. Rightfully so. Yeah, but Witch Kid album is still really good. So I just wanted to make sure we, we touched base on it. I wonder who was number one this week because Kendrick was number one, but then they say this week he's gonna be number two. So I wonder who the hell is number one this week? 'cause I can't even think of what came out.


What came out on Global charts or rap charts. Billboard. It is on Billboard. I'm sure it's probably a pop artist, right? I have no idea. I don know who came out. It's not everything. It might be One for Christmas is you, You know, it's that time. No, no, no, No, no. I'm not talking about the singles. I'm talking about the album. Album. Oh, also we keep acting like Kendrick is not a pop artist. Kendrick is a pop artist. Drake is a pop artist. Yes, they're hip hop, but pop just means popular. It's short for popular. So say what you want. Kendrick's the biggest pop artist in The World right now. Well, other than Taylor Swift. What I meant pop. I meant white artist. I don Well Nobody's mad about that statement either way. And if you guys like the popular records that I just gave y'all today, make sure you guys follow me on the gram at N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E.


We got the certified playlist. Just click the link in bio and then yeah, make sure you guys catch me at Art Basel this weekend. I'm doing Heat House, temple House. So pull up on me. Thank you Nala. Thanks Big Nala. I just want you to know it's Mad Dominicans in Miami. Just wanna throw that out there. Nala. What, What does that have to do with anything? Vy might have sources. I I don't, I don of all, I'm not Dominican. And second of all, there's a lot of black people in Miami. Not Yeah, but It's a large Dominican population in Miami too. All Right, well let's get to the mix. The People's Choice mix. We throw it back on a Friday, so let me know what you wanna hear is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now Charlamagne, when the next Brilliant Idiots podcast about Be out today.


It y out later today. Lot Of people are asking, they wanna hear you in our Andrew show. Don't Worry about our podcast. Okay? We've been doing that podcast for 11 years, all right? And I I I want it to remain the best kept secret in the podcast business. Okay? I don't like, I don't even like when stuff like this happen. And then y'all come over to our world, okay? We got our own little world curated over here. All brilliant idiots. I don't need y'all in our world. Nope. We all in your world, all in your business. All I don need y'all in our world. No. Yep, that's right. Now we gotta s talk bi. Let that biracial relationship belong. It's inter interracial. Interracial. My bad. Saying bi bisexual. So biracial, bisexual, interracial relationship over there. Yeah, they they gay, black and white.


So Biracial. Yeah. Stay away from our bi interracial relationship. Okay? I love it. I love it. By the way, that's burning idiots bi, You know. Okay. Look, look, stay, stay, stay away from us. I don't want y'all over there. We stay in our little idiot world, okay? We have our conversations. I don't need y'all in our conversation. Nope, We're over there. Alright, well also salute the doci for joining us today. Yes man. If you have not heard Alligator Bites Never Heal is absolutely one of my favorite projects of the year. If I had to rank a top five projects for me personally for 2024 Alligator Bites Never Heal would definitely be in there man. So salute the doce and keep growing, keep growing Young Queen. Alright, and when we come back, we got the positive notice of Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. You guys have a great weekend. I'm going to see what's it called? What's it it Mama. What's it called? Mo Moana. I'm gonna see Moana this weekend. I saw it. How was it? Moana was good. I saw Moana last week. It Was good. I'm about to go see it this weekend. Nice. Moana two actually. Moana Two. Yeah. And then, and you have have fun with your, your son with his new braces. I know. Yes. He and we, he wanted to go see Gladiator today too, but I, I don't think he gonna be, he, he underestimating the pain of these braces. Like he, he think he gonna be straight, he think he gonna be cracking crab legs and, and eating cookies and all of that. He, he think it's a game. Is He a candy eater or No, not too much of a candy. Eat Nahash don't like candy.


Eat candy like crab legs and corn and popcorn. All this stuff that he can't eat. Oh wow. And if you take him to see Gladiator, I'll tell you offline. 'cause it might be some stuff. You might, You know, just, You know, just in case they put, They put the kiss in there, He kisses a lot of men, but it ain't on the lips. Oh. First of all, he kiss a lot of men. First of all, let's be clear, Ashton mama is just hilarious. His daddy is wrong. His granddaddy is Kevin. He ain't nothing in that movie that's gonna shock him. Okay. Hold On. Excuse me. Ain't nothing gonna shock him. Say y'all don't hide nothing from Ashley. My grandfather ain't never kissed no man. I ain't Say that. I'm just saying y'all ain't never kiss. No man. I'm just saying y'all don't hide nothing from him And I Oh no, no, no. We don't hide nothing. I don That what I'm saying. I mean there's Aunt Gay, it's like, all right. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah, sir. All right. Well my sister enjoy it. Who you talking about? Sheena Sheena's not his aunt. That's his uncle. Aya is his aunt. Gotta leave Sheena. Good. Sheena. Good morning Sheena. Jesus Christ. You got a positive note? Yes. The positive note is simple. Be teachable because you don't know everything and you're not always right. Have a great weekend. Oh, I like that. Okay, that's something new Breakfast Club bitches finish or y'all done?


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms to restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.