
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth Mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good you'll be Shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At t connecting Changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there


Dangerous, Different, Important Mainstream. You got one of the biggest things in America. Culture. They not like us. Think everybody should go on The, Breakfast, Club. They wanna shake it up. They not like, oh, where the fuck up Breakfast Club? DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm The wild card. Keep the fuck Real. And Charlamagne the guy. I'm a Lovable athlete. Or your clown. Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you gotta pop out this show. Now. Let's begin. Good morning. SA I'm not Charlemagne, but yo, we here. Good morning, Lauren LaRosa. Hey, I am so happy that you are here right now. I was in the back in the Mix roof.


I just heard the music. I said, oh, the show was starting right now. And it's crazy 'cause I was like, I just took a shot this morning. And I was like, You know what? I'm not going to, when I heard that music starting, it was just me in here. I said, Lord, I should have took that shot. Started getting a little nervous. I was just in, I was just in a mixed booth. So salute to everybody. Of course, this is the start of Labor Day weekend. What up Charlotte? Man, this the start of later Labor Day weekend. So this is gonna be a lot of mixed weekends and I'm just getting myself together because I'm roll You mixed weekends. Like a lot of interracial dating, a lot biracial People out. No, on your radio stations, they usually do mixed weekends on your radio stations. So your favorite DJs should be DJing your, your local stations, your big stations. So this is a Big weekend. No DJs aren't none of these stations no more. Stop lying to people. Oh no. Yeah. 'cause they can send the mix in.


That's right. It's not like how auto, it's not like how it used to be when people cared about radio back in the day. Okay. People care about radio. No, no, no. People care. People care about radio. The executives don't care like they should. That's a whole other conversation. That's another conversation. I know Why I came in here with that this morning. Good morning You. know everybody. It's Friday. Hey. Hello. Cool Bay. What y'all about to do? No, come on. Amy You know that's not how y'all hug. Hey LL Cool babe. Good morning. Good. What's going On? What happened to the Michael Rubin? What? From the back? Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. We ain't hugging from the back. Nah, we not. Don't act like Y'all be in here doing Thatm. You don't hug from the back. Nah. How you feeling, Laurie? I Feel great. I went to sleep at like seven o'clock yesterday. You Should have Really? I, yeah. I feel so refreshed. You ain't stay up for nothing. You ain't watched the Colorado game.


You ain't watched the VP on CNN? I don don't her interview with Dana Bash. I was So twisted yesterday. Don't games. Anyway, but no, I missed all of that. But then, oh, I woke back up. And I did watch Kamala's interview. Okay. Like CNN broke it up in parts on our YouTube channel. So I caught up. Yes. Okay. You was drunk all day yesterday, so it's understandable that you went to sleep early. Oh my God. We went to Brooklyn Chop House after You kept Drinking. Love Brooklyn Chop House. I Had a lemon drop. I barely, I barely drank it though. Like I barely drank it by that time. I was like, wow. No, I did finish it. I finished it. No salute to Brooklyn. Chop house. Left Unturn, Don put and all of all of 'em over there. Drop on a clue Mouse for Brooklyn. Chop House. Drop on a clue bounce for everybody out there who's not denying their alcoholism. Okay.


All right. You are on the road to recovery, right? Listen. 'cause the first sign of alcoholism is denial. Well, Let's get the show cracking. Ed Lover will be joining us this morning. The icon. Ed Lovel The legend. He should be on everybody's hip hop media personality. Mount Rushmore. Yes. Okay. One of the, he was probably one of the first morning shows when it came to hip hop. Right. He's, 'cause when they switched from dance to all hiphop station, I think he was the originator of that. I Dunno. But I You know he was one of the first multimedia personality. Yes. One of the first multimedia hip hop personalities for sure. Morning shows. Meaning that he did Radio, television, TV shows. Movies. Movies. Absolutely comedy. Absolutely. He did an album. So we gonna talk to Ed Lover this morning. He's doing a show at all over the country.


So we'll talk to him and kick to kick it with him about that. All Right. That's the Live Mixtape band is what it's called. And then we got front page news next. And like Charlemagne said, the vice president Kamala Harris was on CNN doing an interview. And I'm sure she'll break that down. All right, so don't go anywhere. Let's get the show Crack. What we starting the show with something hype man. It's Friday. Dammit. Huh? What'd he say, Kendrick? No, no. He said Kendrick Kenrick. You should've Known that. Oh, not like us. Yeah. Kendrick, don't sigh like that. I just wanted to hear some. I like keep the pressure on all these beige biracial. Play it, play it hard. Jesus Christ. Okay. The hell you mean. Si. When you hear Kendrick not like us, you can't say the N word no more, please. It's The Breakfast Club. Come morning. Morning everybody. It's d ej Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess.


And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Morning. Morning. Happy Friday. And cheers to the weekend. Come on son. Say freaking Weekend. Say freaking weekend. Morgan. Cheers To the mother. E Enrique. There You go. Come on son. In case you missed it. Vice President Kam. Yeah, shout out. I love her. In case you missed it though. Vice President Kamala Harris sat for an exclusive CNN interview along with Dan Bash and her running mate, Tim Walls, in their first interview since announcing her run for president VP Harris slammed former President Trump for making promises he couldn't deliver and for his mismanagement of the COVID-19 pandemic and the state in which they inherited the country.


Let's hear more from VP Harris. Donald Trump said he was gonna do a number of things, including allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices never happened. We did it. The economy had crashed in large part, all of that because of mismanagement by Donald Trump of that crisis. So Harris went on to say comments about that You know, he, he talked about her turning black for political purposes from the same or from the same old tired playbook. She didn't, she didn't even, she didn't even dignify that with a response. Next Question we have. Yeah, but I I, yeah, exactly. Moving on. And she went on to blame him for stopping the bipartisan border deal earlier this year saying Trump got word that the bill contributed to border security and told p people in con in Congress not to put it forward.


She also defended her policy shifts since becoming the Democratic presidential nominee. And if elected in November, she would start by focusing on an opportunity economy. Let's hear those comments from VP Harris. I think the, the, the most important and most significant aspect of my policy perspective and decisions is my values have not changed my value around what we need to do to secure our border. That value has not changed. I spent two terms as the Attorney General of California prosecuting transnational criminal organizations. The climate crisis is real, that it is an urgent matter to which we should apply metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time.


Yes. So she said she would implement several policy proposals that support and strengthen the middle class. She added she would invest in small businesses and American families by helping to make housing more affordable. And she also went on the offensive and talked about Donald Trump saying his agenda, the agenda that he's pushing, diminishes the character and strength of who we are as a country. What are your thoughts on last night's interview with Dana Bash? Seen it. I think, I think the VP did what she was supposed to do. She went out there and told the American people exactly what her, her plans are and explained what they already have done. You know. She, she talked about rebuilding the middle class, which I think is great messaging. I love her opportunity economy messaging.


And I thought she gave a great answer when she talked about a lot of her new perspectives because she said her time as vice president has provided her with, with new perspectives and You know you live and you learn you should want people in positions of power who aren't stuck in their ways and are willing to grow and pivot when they get new information. I Thought she handled the border stuff well too. The way she answered that. 'cause the way that the question was set up, it was kind of like a, can you really do this job? And she, she, she made it very clear that not only can she do the job, but when she was in the position to be able to do the things that people were saying she couldn't do, it wasn't her fault. Like it, it's not all to blame on her. Sounded Very presidential. She sounded Great. Yeah. The border is not one party's problem.


The border is a bipartisan issue. That's why they created a bipartisan bill that Donald Trump killed You. know what I'm saying? Like, like the border's been messed up my entire life regardless of who has been in the White House. So clearly it's not just one party's issue. And what about Dana Bash? Do you think she asked the necessary questions? I think She did. And I. Think Yeah, she did. And. I. She, I like that. She didn't stop asking the questions. Like when Tim Walls wasn't really answering her questions at one point R the vp She was, yeah. She was circling back and she had to, 'cause people were gonna say that CNN took it easy on her. People were already saying that, but she did a good job, in my opinion. The, the Vp The VP stepped right into the hard stuff. You know, no forming up. She just right into the hard stuff. Oh yeah. Dana jumped right into it. But, but also the VP just gotta do more interviews. 'cause You know this, this interview is probably gonna get picked apart and put under a microscope microscope because she hasn't done any, and You know it was just a, a cool interview.


But if she had, if she had been like You know, hitting the ground, doing interviews and all of these different swing states with local journalists or You know, doing a couple podcasts here and there. This, this interview wouldn't have the scrutiny that it, that it's getting right now. Right. This is The first time you Guys have her back. Would y'all have her back? What you mean have her back Club on the burger's club? Yeah, of course. Have Absolutely. Well have her back. But we, we ask it the the the tough questions. We not gonna keep it light on her. We going ask her what the people wanna know. We wanna Know We a hundred percent have a here at The. Breakfast Club. Yeah, Absolutely. Oh, just before the interview aired, Harrison Walls wrapped up their bus tour with a rally in Savannah, Georgia where she spoke about the top, the child tax credit, something I like. And implementing tighter gun restrictions. Let's hear more from VP Harris in Savannah.


And unlike Donald Trump, I will always put the middle class and working class families first. And it's not about just getting by, it's about getting ahead $6,000 in the first year of a child's life to help pay for that car seat or the crib or the baby clothes. We who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass universal background checks and Red Flag Hall. Listen, I I love the rebuilding of the middle class messaging. That that's, that's what folks wanna know. How you gonna put more money in their pocket and how you gonna keep them safe? That's it. So Harrison Walls also visited several local businesses and schools in Georgia during their bus tour.


Meanwhile, JD Vance, he says he felt terrible for the woman and the viral clip showing an awkward interaction with her at the Georgia Donut shop. In a recent video, the VP nominee and Ohio senator introduces himself to the employee, says, I'm running for vice president. She says, okay, don't Put me on camera. She said, don't put me on camera, you turn camera. And it says she doesn't wanna be filmed. Well Vance continue to filmed her. He says that he should have warned her and asked if it was okay to record. No. Well, You know how he feels about women in general. So I mean, He adds that She must have been terrified seeing all those secret service agents. Mm. Okay. And she might have warrants. She just said, that's how I know you don't know people like that.


You don't just run up in no rural area Anywhere. Police Turn cameras on. You know what people got warrants. You don't know what people got going on. They Might be on. Meanwhile, we saw The, you saw the VP visit that bakery where she was like, get something sweet. Very different contrast. Just saying. Okay. Alright, we'll talk more about Trump in the next hour. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning


The. Breakfast Club. Get ready to win your way to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One and $1,000 just added To the superstar lineup.


The we wanna show The Breakfast Club Need to do more than just You know.


You know. I know that this ain't right because you want me, because I got you slam my door. You know I, but I, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, Hopefully you better have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club, Thanks. Calling from Minnesota. Brad, What up from Minnesota? You appreci. Check, bro. How y'all doing? Hey Envy, I just wanted to tell you, I appreciate you keep pushing the, the trade schools and stuff.


I'm actually about to finish up my last job. Well not last job, but a job right here at this last hospital and be on vacation for a little bit. Congratulations. And also congratulations Lauren. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Last Mayo Clinic for a little bit. We've been working tough, but Lauren also, you've been doing a great job holding down just hilarious watch today. That's all I wanted to say. That's Good. Appreciate it. Hey, hey, Charla Bay. I'm probably gonna have a couple weeks off. I was going to ask you if it's okay to get a book. So I might have a couple weeks off. I ain't get a chance to read it, but if that's okay, I have a couple weeks off and take Somebody. Is that all right? Somebody send the brother a copy of Get Honest or dot Line while Small Talk sucks. Mack or Sim somebody will put you on hold and get your information, brother. And what trade school you go to Greg. All Right. I'm a, I'm a union carpenter.


I'm a journeyman union carpenter up here in Minnesota building all the Mayo Clinics and Stuff. You ain't gonna never go broke ever. We good? We good. Listen, I just wanted give a shout out to my girl too. Shaquita, Shaquita Phillips. Listen y'all. And yeah, I just hope y'all have a blessed day and Great Liberty Day weekend. Your girl named Shaquita? Yeah. Shaquita. Shaquita Phillips Whate. Yeah, Anthony, hold on, Greg, hold on. Greg and salute to Lincoln Tech. Lincoln Tech is a, a trade school all over the country. I love Lincoln Tech. I'm actually gonna take classes at Lincoln Tech, either the end of this year or early next year. What class would you take in the future? Okay, automotive. You be a mechanic in the future. You about to hang it Up. No, but You know, I I, I deal with all these cars and a lot of times I got a call for help.


And I don't know what the hell's going on. So I figure I should at least know the basics. Yeah. So if something does happen, I could at least get it going. Hopefully. But we'll see. But I'm gonna take some classes. My Mom gonna go back to school too. And all that black oil you put on your face, you might as well You know, learn how to change it in a car. Breathe in, breathe out. Breathe. It helps. Okay. Hello. Who's this? Yes sir. J from Indy. JJA from Indy. What's up JA Hey, good morning. Breakfast Club. Hey, so real quick, I just wanna make sure I heard this right Lauren, did you say you didn't watch the game or you don't watch game? Both. I don't. Yeah, I didn't. And I normally don't. I'll catch like little highlights from stuff on Twitter, but like, I'm not like a turn on a sports game person. Really. All right, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna just throw this out there. It's fall season.


You know you live in the United States and you said you not looking for a man, you don't like football. Lord, that might be part of the problem. You're not blaming you. Well first of all, but I'm just saying Don, you said you single. It's definitely Her fault. I don't dis, I dis I don't dislike sports or football. I've been to games. I like going to them in person 'cause it's fun. No, you just like to drink at the games, Mind your business. But I just, I don't know. I just don't have a team that I follow like all that stuff. So I don't know. Yeah, Lauren. And I'm gonna just throw it out there. The tailgate. You might find your make look at Charlamagne and DJ Vy. They know it's some good men out there. So I'm just throwing that out there. You show up Goodbye. Hell I gotta do with anything. You know what that got to do with some of the things you do. Why y'all want us to be gay so Bad? I don't know.


Get it off your chest. Accept who you are. 5, 8, 5 1 5. I'm not, I have one. 'cause I'm not gay. I'm not gay either. If, you need to vent. It is up now. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo Envy. You know the V is mellow. What's the word? Meow. What's the vase? Mellow Man. Life is amazing. It is what it should be. What's the word Uncle Charlotte, how You feeling? Peace. Mellow my man. What's happening? Life is amazing ll cool babe. How you feeling today?


I feel great. How are you? Life is amazing. So boom, I, I need to get this off my chest because I've been seeing this on the gram all summer. These teachers, they was outside. Y'all was at brunch, bottomless, mimosas, standing on furniture, drinking. Don Julio, you took Melo, You hit and now you hitting me up talking about, oh, back to school. I need supplies. Nuh, ask Chris Brown. Why you asking me? I seen you. You was outside. Damn. Teachers can't have, they could have fun too. He Got point though. Melo got a point. It's like, but hit me out. It's their own money. But they need supplies. They should have to spend their own money for supplies for school. That's what but exactly to play White devil's advocate. Why they even paying for, why they paying? They they own supplies. I pay my taxes.


Where the bread going? Well they got, they made decisions. They made choices. They knew. I understand y'all hypotheticals. But the reality is they do have to pay for school supplies. So If, you was out all summer drinking cats and Migos and spending your money on cats and Migos in the club and you don't have no money for school supplies. Who fault is That? They should be able to have a good time. Exactly. And, I pay school Supplies to everybody else's kids. It ain't about what they, what they ain't about what they, what should be happening. It's about what is the reality. Know I can't buy my reposado because I I chose to become a teacher and help the youth. Yeah. That's Not fair. That's not fair. Well thank you Melo. Goodbye. You can give Reposado at the house. By the way, buying a bottle of Reposado and having it at the house is way cheaper than being out in the club and buying $35 You know, But you don't get the vibe right.


What Bottle of Reposado? $35 In the, in the in the liquor store. Liquor store. Yes, y'all. It's, it is more than that. It Ain't much as In the club. Look, look up a look up a, not the little one of Don Julio. I think that's like, how much is casamigos? You paying like $50? I think what You let 40, $50 Don Julio rep of 48, 49 at total wine 50. You get the big, big bottle for 1 48 0.99. Y'all don't do the 1 48? 'cause I'm not trying to get that crazy at all. So Now you trying to get that crazy But dia like $50 Still way cheaper in the club. I Wish it was $30. Oh G Rob, oh Man, What's good DJ Envy. Charlamagne. God Lord. Good morning. Good Morning's my brother. What's going on?


What's going on? Listen man, real quick, right. Envy and charlamagne. Man. I want to give y y'all flowers one time man. For the motivation and the inspiration. Y'all giving, giving me brothers. Y'all getting up every day. Y'all taking care of this. Y'all been doing this thing here for 14 years with The Breakfast Club. Yes sir. And doing a whole bunch of things outside of that that's not even being documented. A lot of things. But you got your car show Envy, charlamagne you on your panels. Y'all got books. So I appreciate the inspiration man. 'cause I'm doing the same thing. Getting up, taking care of business. Not, not that my wife will have it any different but You know on on the side of that, I'm still pursuing this music. So appreciate the inspiration man.


And and the motivation brothers. Definitely. Yes sir. All up my brother. Ball time. Let's go. Alright, listen, I told him it's consequences and repercussions. So for every action it is a reaction for me to tow something focused on descriptions I'm not missing. Just point 'em out, set the play. I'm running the back clapping and air it out. It's time for it. Been working. I'm nothing to step to. I operate these lines on time since something critical. Leaving stretch, smelling like mildew, getting crazy with it. Top off just the flos simple arrangement. And from the bottom we cherish the pavement. Making a statement. These water down wrappers skinny jeans and purses. I got the plots. We prepping them caskets, put 'em rehearses in the graveyard.


Rehearsing got verses andry and cursive. They can't see it. Like they visions is blur and time is moving quick. I'm sending shots. Chill for a pick wave and let it sit. Catching all my targets and leaving marks. That's permanent. Og OG o. I got some bars og. You Ready? Let's do it baby. I'm fitting to pass. Lauren, go straight to I'm John Stockton. Oh God. Grab his ass and hide the Bible of God watching sometimes. Hey, hey.


Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Heights baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual. For additional information, always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


You gotta pop out and show Certified Boogie. I'm the one that keeps the scoring them. Wha wha Wha wha. That's what you going hit. Wha wha Wha wha wha Give you that pain? Mm. What your say Charlotte. Ball Ball. You coming back this way? Let's go, let's go, let's go. Sharp. Vy be talking all that crazy talk. But he don't want to get as crazy as I do. Okay? Because bombs drop bottoms tops. People ride Gamecock. Why? The grind don't stop. Right? It just hurts when you don't use Ky. I Okay. I saw what you did there though. With Gamecocks it's like, because where you from Use like you gotta like, it just, it hurt. Oh. So now you're acknowledging Have a good weekend y'all family.


Appreciate y'all. Okay. Jailing it hurts. Alright. You there? Dropping a bomb. Alright. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now when we come back, we got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. We do Have Jess with the mess. And we gonna get into some of Dame Dash's mess. There's actually been an update. That auction has been postponed and the price has went up from 1.2 million to 3 million. Alright, we'll talk about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa, Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying.


She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach with Lauren. Lauren La I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So Dame Dash's Rockefeller auction we reported on earlier this week and we talked a little bit about him owing all of the money to taxes and child support and all that stuff. That auction has officially been postponed. So the auction, which was supposed to be happening this week, actually got pushed to September 21st. The reason for that being was Josh Weber's attorney, Christopher Brown, they submitted something that basically said they wanted more time to have a conversation with New York State, New York City and all the people involved to figure out what the pecking order would be of explain Who Josh Weber is.


For people that don't Know, Josh Weber is the guy that Dane Dash did the movie with that didn't work out. And he owes him $823,000. So he basically said, look, let's take some more time to figure out how all this stuff is gonna be paid out and if honestly, there will be enough money to pay everything out if it's even sold at the price that we have this auction at now. So what they decided to do was they decided, number one, push to date to September 21st, they also decided that the auction would go from 1.2 million to now it being worth an auction worth $3 million. They then decided that child support would still be, and this can still kind of change, they're still figuring it out, but as of now, child support will still be paid first and in full.


And then the taxes, they're gonna break up the taxes in in this way where $1.7 million in taxes will be paid. And then Weber, the guy from the movie, will be paid all of his money. And then there'll be some smaller amounts of money paid to people who had to like litigate, litigate civilly. And then $7 million will be paid again to more taxes. Jesus Christ. And if there's anything left at that point, it will go to Dane Dash. However, New York is asking now asking, and this is something that's still being ironed out. They go back to court for this in a month. New York is now asking because of all of these changes, that there be a $70,000 deposit put down by Dean Dash for future child support.


And Chris Weber, I'm sorry, Chris Brown, who is Josh Weber, the movie guy's attorney is saying, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now y'all are coming and asking for more money. We don't know nothing about that. Let's have a conversation about this. Because of course they're gonna wanna push for that not to happen because it's gonna take away from everything else that they just decided and, and how people are getting paid now. And all of this is based off, they, they think the Reasonable doubt portion gonna make all this money. Yes. That that's what They're, that reasonable, that portion Reasonable Doubt is not gonna make all that money to cover all this Money. Very interesting that you said that, right? That's what they're hoping, right? Because Billboard is, is saying that since 1996, reasonable doubt May has made $2.2 million. However, And I, I don't know if that's true or not.


That's what Billboard is stating. I spoke to Dame Dash yesterday, we spoke to Dame Dash yesterday. And he basically is saying that when it comes to the amount of money that reasonable doubt, doubt makes, it's only averaging right now about a hundred thousand dollars a year. So Why would I spend tens of millions of dollars for it? Or even millions of dollars for it? I don't Know. If, you wanted that part out there. But go ahead. Okay, listen that basically, I'm Personally purchasing that if it only makes a hundred thousand Dollars a year, basically, basically what he's saying is, is like that people are right now trying to make it seem like all of this is like, like he's in a really bad position and this is a stupid thing that is happening. He owes all this money, he owes all this money there. And what are you saying to us is that That is a really bad position. At least it sounds like it on paper.


But what he, what he's saying to us is that this is something that he's able to leverage in business. So why wouldn't he? And he also wants You know the conversation to be had about why this is not his first time trying to sell this. And each time he's tried, it's been blocked and he's trying to figure out why it would even be blocked. If you, if this is a way that he can like get rid of his share, have nothing to do with it, use it to do what he needs to do in business, why does it keep being blocked? But what is it going to do for him in business? Because if it's only making a hundred thousand dollars a year, who is going to buy that for? Well, $8 million, 9 million. Well I Was ear hustling yesterday, right when, when she was talking to Dame. So Dame's whole position was, I've been trying to sell my third of Rockefeller records for the longest and they kept blocking me.


He says, people, Who is they? He meant it Biggs and Jay. He said, we're blocking him for selling his part of the 33% of Rockefeller records. He said he tried to sell it for the last couple of years, he couldn't sell it. So he said when he lost the lawsuit and he said, people get sued every day, B people get lose lawsuits every day. He said to pay that lawsuit, he said the best way for him to pay that $800,000 back was to now sell his catalog. Because the judge would force that. And that's what the judge did. Yeah. The judge is forcing the sale of the Rockefeller record. So now they can't block it. So now he's hoping to get enough money for the sale to make the money to pay off the, the lawsuit and to pay whatever else that he has to pay. You Know If, you, you owe $8 million in taxes. How much? I don't, I forgot how much in child support.


A lot of money in child support. 50,000 in child. It's $193,000 in child Support and lawsuits. But the reason about that only makes a hundred grand a year. Who? But see how, who, who's buying that? Now here's another part of the conversation that I thought was interesting that D brought up, and he spoke about this before, right? He's always said this is not new that he's trying to figure out why aren't certain things promoted certain ways or pushed certain ways because they would be worth more if pe more people wanted to license it and use it and like all that stuff, right? So he feels as though there has to be something that he's missing or not being told by the other stakeholders who will be big bigs in Jay-Z. Because why wouldn't you do that? Like why wouldn't you want this to be worth the, the largest amount of money that it can be worth?


Now it's a topic and people are really interested because it's like, oh my God, like there's this big back and forth, but A big back. A big back and forth. A big back and forth. All you heart was a buffet back. You so toxic Big back and forth to the buffet. Listen, this is when it sucks to be a public figure because there's so many people out here in debt who owe all types of people all types of money, but they aren't being discussed in the media. That's What that was His point and that Yeah, but I mean that's what that comes with being who you are. And he said it's a part of business. And another thing he said too, when it comes to the taxes is, and and Billboard had this in their original story is that You know it was over an amount of time. So Billboard reported that it was from 2005 to 2018 that he accumulated this amount in taxes. And he pointed out that at the time he was doing business, he was a very prominent figure, You know what I mean?


And he still is, but he still gotta pay taxes every day. But he had, he, he had a, an accountant. This accountant was an accountant who worked with a bunch of other big names and the accountant, there was a lot going on or or thereof on the accountant's part. So Now allegedly the accountant didn't do the right decisions. And I would just say allegedly. 'cause I don't, yes, allegedly don't put us put in lawsuit. But he said the accountant took some money that wasn't supposed to. And this accountant is allegedly known for doing that. And that's the reason he was behind on his taxes because he said he paid the taxes, but the accountant allegedly stole money from What About the child support? They didn't mention the child support. Right. And the money for the lawsuit. I don't know man. I be, I'm sending thoughts and prayers today 'cause You know when you in these kind of financial situations, these kind of financial holes, I don't wish that on.


Nobody. Nobody And I think have mercy. Everybody in business gets to a point where You know you might, I mean sometimes you might gotta figure some stuff out. And that seems like that's where he's at and they are forcing his hand because That's why If you making a certain amount of money, having an amazing financial team, a trustworthy financial team, a great financial team is so, so, so Important. But You know what is is is difficult because being in this industry so long, I didn't seen a accountant and accountant firm steal millions from a lot of people that people think that people are doing the right thing. And these are accountants to prominent people that you feel like, oh If, you do that person's taxes, you'll be good. 'cause some of the people that that this accountant has done have been prominent people, right? And I know people that have lost millions of dollar dealing with accountant and accountant services that have been doing the right thing.


Because when you make this money, you trust that that's your job. I pay you to look at my finances. I pay you to pay my taxes, right? I pay you to do the proper write offs. And if they don't, your accountant don't get in trouble. You do. We seen that happen with Fat Joe when Fat Joe went to jail, right? We seen that happen with Ja Rule. We seen that happen with a lot of artists. So okay, we see That. Yeah. So I mean all these things that Dane Dash is alleging, it's basically just him saying that he's put in a position right now and he knew it was coming. He's been trying to prepare for this for a very long time. That's why he was trying to sell. But now his hand is being forced because the, the state is saying like You know. The Reality is most of all listeners don't care about these rich people problems. Okay? They trying, they just trying to pay their past due on their Verizon bill. That's where I'm at in my life. Okay? I just wanna pay the path due on my Verizon bill.


That's it. I know you want autopay. Don't talk to me like I don't know I auto's. Auto. Auto. Yes you are. That is not true. I feel like both of y'all, y'all got everything On auto pay. I'm definitely not auto pay. I just pay my bills just now. Oh my. You don't trust autopay? Nope. My grandma don't either. I do not do auto pay. Go To commercial Now. Go to commercial. Come money Morning. The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Now Morgan, I seen you grab your, your headphones like you had some bars up a couple minutes ago. I ain't got no bars. Envy. Let me get a car. That's it. That's it. So yeah, former president, yeah, former president Trump says this election isn't a choice between Democrats and Republicans, but a choice between communism and freedom.


He made the comments during a rally in Potterville, Michigan. Michigan, which is a swing state. Let's hear more from the former president. I hope you're gonna go out and vote for me because honestly If, you don't. Our country is finished. You see me going up in the polls and we're leading in the polls. And I think we're leading by a lot. You know the polls. The polls are rigged too. Andrew Jackson, they say it was the worst of all that he was treated worse than any other President. And I said Do that study again because I think there's nobody close to Trump. I even got shot administration. Your government will pay for, or your insurance company will be mandated to pay for all costs associated with IVF treatment, fertilization for women.


But yeah, Trump said his administration would PI push for allowing new parents to deduct ma major newborn expenses from their taxes. His comments come as recent polls show him losing ground among women voters. A Reuters IPSes poll published on Thursday shows Kamala Harris leading Trump by 13 points among women. Trump went on to say Vice president Kamala Harris is soft on crime and the country won't be safe if she is elected. He also said electric vehicle mandates would kill the auto industry and added that he's for electric cars. But there needs to be a healthy balance with gas cars as well. This also comes at the same time that he had a recent interview with the Daily Mail regarding Florida's abortion ban.


He said he wants more than six weeks, which is the current ban. Six week ban includes Florida residents will vote on a referendum that would abolish the state's ban on abortion after six weeks and replace it with one that includes a 24 week ban. So interesting that Trump is getting into the women's reproductive rights issue, especially in Florida. Yeah, It's just amazing that he would attempt a lie to people about anything to do with women's reproductive rights Like You know you've already bragged about putting three judges on the Supreme Court that abolish Roe v. Wade. Sir You know Aint grabbing him by the Pee You. know You know. I mean the grab that's the grab him by the Pete thing is just like, I get that that's a comment You know that people will point to, but the reality is you implemented legislation that abolished Roe v.


Wade. Yeah. So you directly attacked women's reproductive rights. So you can't turn around now and try to act like you would do something that would benefit women's reproductive rights. And then when he says communism versus freedom, I would say fascism You know versus freedom. Because when we live in a country where we have less constitutional rights now than I did when I was born in 1,978, that's crazy. How is that freedom? Yeah, that's crazy. Somebody's, somebody's taking away the freedoms and we it it clearly Donald Trump in his regime, He thinks that he's the freedom. So You know based on the communism versus the free. Anyways, switching gears back to that story that in in Atlanta I have an update from that Delta story. The explosion, the two employees who died after a plane tire exploded at Atlanta Hartsville Jackson Airport are have now been identified.


A medical examiner's office announced the victims were 58-year-old Merko Marwa and 37-year-old Louis Aldo Merkel's wife of 28 years. Now she told WANF news that she's having a hard time and is still in belief. She recalled his big smile and big heart and she also said that he was a nearing retirement. So that's really sad regarding that. You You know you're close to retiring, you're planning your retirement and this tragedy happens though. And the two men were in a maintenance shop at the airport on Tuesday morning when the tire exploded, sending a piece of metal flying. It killed both of the men and seriously injured another employee who has not yet been identified. Now Delta is working with the local authorities to continue to investigate what happened in that incident.


Very. That's horrible. Yeah. Very sad People that be working, I was telling Morgan that be working for them airlines, especially for Delta, that's the airline you get with two retire because of how good the benefits are. So they get all the way to that point and then this happens outta nowhere. That is sad. Hey God bless that family. It is very sad. It's Labor Day weekend. So a lot of families are traveling, many Americans are planning one last summer getaway as Labor Day weekend approaches. Domestic travel is up 9% from last year with San Francisco, New York, Boston, Denver and Chicago. Among the top destinations international travel to cities like Paris, Rome, Barcelona and Dublin are also popular although down 4% from last year. Now over the weekend, TSA plans to check a record breaking 17 million travelers.


Are you guys headed out or y'all staying put? Hell No, I'm not going a goddamn place. Okay. Destination couch all weekend. You hear me? Nah, I'm all over the place. I'm in Virginia salute to Pusha T. He's doing his first festival, the cousin's festival. So I'm gonna go out to Virginia my second home I'm gonna Oklahoma City and Ohio. Nice, nice, nice. I'm staying put at, I might make it to Brooklyn. Okay. Yeah. And the weather gonna be terrible this weekend. At least in the Tri-state area. Where we at? The New York, New Jersey area. I ain't going nowhere. I'll be at Club Couch all weekend. Okay. The Port Authority is ready. So they mentioned some things re regarding being ready Port Authority. Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm just saying if who wanted some alternatives, I'm just to get on the bus. I'm just saying they really statement saying they're ready.


What Carla? Man said get on a bus. Me. I getting on no damn bus. Okay. I, my ancestors' wildest dreams. Rosa Park show me ain't the place for me. Okay. Alright. Right, well thank you Morgan are Yes. Yeah, no problem. Have a great weekend guys. That's the front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're following Ad Black Information Network. Download the free high free iHeartRadio app and Charlamagne. Our interview drops this weekend on the black information Networks Black Perspective 9:00 AM on Sunday and 9:00 PM So check that out. Hey. All right. Now when we come back, the icon, the legend Ed lover will be joining us. Of course. We are gonna be giving Ed lover his flowers and breaking down his journey in this crazy industry.


So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Laro is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ed Lover. Ladies and gentlemen. Yes sir. Clap for yourself. That's Right. Absolute. How You doing? Legend? I can't complain brother. Everything is good. The kids are good. The wife is good. The family's good. The grandkids is good. The tour is good. That so I'm Good. That's right. That's all that matters. That's right. That's right. For most that that don't know. Ed Lover was the first celebrity I ever met and that was my first time meeting a celebrity. And Edward walked to the park to drop his kids off and talked to all the kids out and about.


And that was the first opportunity of meeting a celebrity and seeing how cool a celebrity was. Oh, I was so sorry. And me thinking that every celebrity was that cool. But then when you get in this industry you realize, nah, not every celebrity, every celebrity's not that cool. Every Celebrity is not that cool. Who? Who did that for you? Eh, everybody running them You know Running. I live four blocks away from Jam Master Jay. Wow. So running them did that for me. LL used to stop by when I was a high school security officer. Stopped by in front of the school, pull up in the drop top, holler at me and all that stuff. So it was those cats that really like, 'cause they from Queens and Queens, we were like the forgotten borough and hip hop when hip hop was blowing up. It was like, y'all from the desert, y'all are corny. Y'all live all the way out there. So those cats were the ones that really kind of gave me the influence to let me know that I can do something in hip hop too.


LL actually made me put the microphone down. I was an mc before that. Oh, I was Mc Eddie D back in the day. Remember everybody had a D. You ain't in the D. Didn't even mean nothing. When you say made you put it down like told you was 'cause knew I wasn't that nice. Did he tell You that guy? No, no. You saw Him Warren When I heard LL Okay. I knew I was not that nice. Okay. Now running them. I figured I could hang 'cause I used to be in the park. Yeah. You know what I mean? You outside the, with the bucket Jamaica, the park 180 2 Park 34 Park just slaying cats on the mic. When I heard that little 15-year-old dude, I was like, nah, I gotta figure out a different way to get into Tip Box. At least she was honest with yourself. Yeah, absolutely. That's the first thing. But I was a trumpet player before that, so that's You know. I was in the top 40 band from the time I was a kid playing trumpet.


So that's why what I'm doing right now at Lover Presents the live mix tape band is full circle. Wow. For me, because it's back with being with a band against what? Do you remember the first time you heard ll because I'm sure it was before Records. Yeah, it, yeah. The first time I heard ll I think it was on Farmers Boulevard and one of those parks over there and he was on the mic. He was about 13, 14 years old and he was a monster at that time. Wow. So by the time You know he got signed, it was a wrap for everybody. How did you get into radio and hosting? Right. Because it wasn't a job that people really thought that they can get. Right. It was just some something that we seen and people were in that business for 40 years. What said, I can do that? 'cause you were the originator really of the Urban Radio thing.


How did that opportunity come? It came from your MTV raps because they were flipping hot 97 from a dance station into all hip hop station. So the late Steve Smith, God rest his soul, came down and said we needed some people that's authentic and respected in hip hop and gave drain our opportunity. And I said, hell no. I was like, am I doing no radio? Get up and fight. Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heights baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson.


Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today.


Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo Five o'clock in the morning and be nine doing that. And then my manager at the time, Charlie Stettler, wrote down on a piece of paper about Howard Stern was making every year and he was like, If, you could get almost that good. I could guarantee you I could get you a lot of that. And. I was like, that's the money that people make on the rail. Let's do it. How much was it at the time? At that time? Howard Stern Howard probably making four or $5 million a year. Wow. Yeah, then yeah. That's crazy.


You think it is? The nineties? Yeah. So do you think that they respect, and why don't you think they respect the urban Jock as much? I don't because they put us in a box that say all you could do is Urban radio, but they won't do that to somebody else. Like a lot of the, the black program directors and what they call brand managers now, they put them in the urban box. Like they can't program a different station or like, all you guys know is this, this is not all we know. Right. But that's why You know as a personality, I I I always say like you, you have to diversify your guests. Like whatever your interests are, If you into comic books, politics, movies, bring all those artists on. Yeah. Don't limit yourself to just the That's right. The urban guest. Yeah. Absolutely. I remember when they, when I was here at Power, when we were the other place, we used to be right next door to Whoopi Goldberg and we put Bon John Bon Jovi on the radio.


Oh, come on. Remember when I had Oprah on the radio and people was like, classic moment. Yeah. How you doing that? Like Bon Jovi don't know he cool with black people until we tell him. So we have to diversify and go outside of the box. Did that Really happen organically? Like that was Oprah just like That? It was Jamie Foxx did that, bro. Okay. I had, I had Jamie up And I said, Jamie You know Oprah's. You cool with Oprah? Oprah's getting a reputation that she don't like hip hop. You should tell Oprah come holler at me. So I guess he told her and she was in the city You know. He told Gail and they were in the city and Gail said, Jamie said that Ed Lover Luxury, we should just roll up there. And she just came. Wow. Those days I wasn't there, bro. I was not there. My cousin had gotten killed and his wake was there.


And I left early. I was in the afternoons. Then I left early to go to the wake and we're driving and my car get the car at the lot. We driving me and my assistant and he gets the phone call, yo Oprah's up here. And she looking for you. I'm like, please get outta here. Hope y'all play too much. Right. And we hung up and they called us back and was like, no, for real, Oprah's here. You need to, I jumped out the car and ran back to the station. Wow. And she was there. Wow. And she came so cool man. She had one security upstairs with her one downstairs in the lobby. Her and Gail and me. And I just cut all the music off. And. I was like ladies And gentlemen, he got you at that point. Yeah. Oprah's here. It was crazy. I believe that's the one and only time Oprah's ever done hip hop radio. Yeah. It's the one and only time she's ever done hip radio. Yeah. It's never, she never done anybody else. Yeah. How do, how do you be feeling now when like people attack Oprah saying like, she's not for like black people, black men, all that.


Like You know her in real life. Right. You gotta know Oprah, man. Oprah. She does so many things that she doesn't advertise. Like she gives away so much of her wealth that she does not advertise. I remember when she opened the school in Africa and people was like, she need to do that in the United States. She's done that. Right. She just doesn't advertise it all the time. I was gonna ask You know, do you think radio is too serious? Right. Right. Do you feel like it's not fun anymore when it comes way to listen? People I think it's not fun because of the people taking everything that you say too Seriously. The love is just almost gone out of it. And the love needs to come back into it because we're losing too many of us You know. I, I just, sir And I. Want to shout out Irv Gotti?


'cause I heard he wasn't doing You know he had a stroke or something. A stroke. Yeah. But Irv said the only thing worse than getting old is not getting old. That's right. You know. I was with Pac. I saw Pac 15 minutes before he got shot. Wow. I'm sitting next to Biggie and the Peterson Automotive Museum before he walked out, the last thing he said to me is, do I wanna ride with him to Nas and Steve STAs party? I was like, nah. I got a Corvette. I was feeling myself. Right. I got a Corvette You know, every time I'm in LA now I got little Money now I got a drop top. I get me a Corvette You. know what I mean? Drop tops. I'm rolling you. Yeah. Wow. Wow. I said, nah, Christopher. And he was always Edwin and he gave me a a, a bottle of Dom p he told me, drink, hell bring it back. So I'm like, well, I'm supposed to drink half a bottle of Dom P I'm running around giving it to everybody.


I bring it back to him. He pull out bottle of Gram my ye filled it up and gave it back to me. Wow. So that's my relationship was hanging with Big You. know. So I'm blessed to be here man. And I. I don't like how you speed past him stories. Right. I tell you, I get story bringing Angie. Y'all be saying that stuff so casually. Casually. That's like Greek mythology when y'all talk about Biggie and Pop. This Is American history. We didn't know these people. That's right. Like either I mythical figures to us Pac was man, PAC was a trip. Man. Being, being with Pac sometimes was absolutely intriguing. But a lot of people don't understand Pac was a young dude. So sometimes you get caught up in a wave of stuff when you young You know what I mean?


And I watched him and Big Go from two dudes that absolutely adored each other to being at opposite ends of something that just kind of rolled. It got bigger than them. It Got bigger than them. Right. So we used to pick Pac up. My man stretched too from Live Squad, You know. Stretch from the Hood Weed. Yep. Rest, peace, stretch and stretch. And Pac both heavy weed smokers and, and, and Treach from Naughty, they, they all friends. So whenever Pac came to New York, we'd pick 'em up and the first thing he would always ask is, did anybody talk to Big? Where big at? So we holler at big or page big bigger or page back and they go to Brooklyn. Page is big. And see and see and see Big. So they were really, really tight to So see that man, Ugh.


That just bothered me All. We got more with Ed Lover when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Ed. Lover Lauren. So You were talking about the relationship between Biggie and Pac. And. I. Just wanna know, do you remember like the turning of that? 'cause like you saw the love, right? Yeah. What was like, do you remember like when that started to shift? Were that when they, about right after the incident in the studio, there Were there conversations behind the scenes? Like, like I, we hear about people trying to calm it down, but what was it really like behind the scenes trying to make them understand it? Like, well, by the time it escalated to the point, it escalated to when I was in Vegas, that fight when Pac got killed, And I saw Pac coming through the Betty boot bar and I'm standing there with Bishop Dom, magic wand, pretty Tony handsome Dre and all his pimp.


And he was pimp outside. I'm outside in the bar and they trying to convince me they won't gimme a prostitute. And I'm like, I ain't got no time to be watching old woman 24 hours. Nah man, you a pimp man. You got pimp in you man. I'm telling you man, you was a pimp. I was like, man, I don't want no prostitute, man. Pot comes through with sugar them. I didn't see the stomping out of the kid because I was in the bar. He come through, he stopped. We talking, yo, what's up? What's good man? How you doing bro? I'm good. I'm like, you coming to SU's party? I'm like, yeah, bet. I love you. I love you too. They keep going in my mind. I'm from the east coast. I'm not going to SU's club in the middle of a East coast, west coast war. Even though I'm neutral. I ain't going over there. Just, y'all gonna get drunk and let's stomp out the kid from New York.


Nah, I'm not doing that. Do you wish you jumped in between since you knew both of 'em and tried to I did. I tried to talk to Pac. He just, he wasn't hearing it big was stunned. Big, didn't know where it was coming from, why it was coming. He was hurt big and c probably told y'all that before Big was honestly hurt by it because they loved each other that much. Mm. Once that ball got rolling, it was just impossible. And then you got Vine Magazine and all of these people doing East Coast, west Coast beef. It wasn't that it was bad boy death row. That was it. How did Y'all handle that on radio and TV back then? Because You all were there. I minding my business. That's what I did. I'm minding my business. I I wasn't getting in between that stuff man. Because it was hurtful to see two friends turn what they'd love. They have into ashes. Right.


So I just try to stay out of it as much as I can. What, what Is the live mix tape Exactly. The live mix tape is a journey of music. Like I was saying earlier is me coming full circle. These two beautiful individuals that you see behind me through all the singing. That's Carrie Epps, that's Sherwood Brown Jr. They do all the singing. I do all the rapping and we got a full band and we take everybody on the musical journey and we just have fun. We do everything from ll to Cheryl Ly to Rick James, to Nicki Minaj. We do everything. You, you gotta hear them to sing man. They they Monsters man. If you. They Monster If you in New York area. He's gonna be at sobs this Friday and Wednesday. He's in Atlanta.


So If you are in the area. Friday sobs Wednesday, Atlanta. Definitely go check him out. I see you were in Boston a couple days ago. Yeah. Yeah. How was that? That that was Boston was all right. But You know what was live. The cities that you don't think are live are the cities that's live Pittsburgh. Crazy. St. Louis. Crazy Philly came out heavy. They was, they was crazy. Nashville was crazy. And the first time we did Atlanta was ridiculous. Mm. Yeah. That was cool. Did You ever think of suing the NFL when they took the whole Come on. Something From you. I ain't have to bro. They paid you. Absolutely. It a good Wow. I didn't have to. Yeah. What Can six Figure ranges.


It was nice. It was, it was nice. It was great. Alright. My daughter got a master's degree. That's all I gotta say. Okay. What school did she go to? She went to, she went to Montclair State and then she got a master's degree at William Patterson. Let me google how much that took. So they reached out. Nah, we had, we had to reach out. Yeah. Yeah. We did A little reaching out. Yeah. I was scared because it's owned by Disney. And. I was like, damn, I ain't gonna be able to take my grandkids to Disney World. Big picture head love up there. Do not let this fool in. But it worked out. They tried to say they, they started, they know they ain't started. It was Too blatant. Yeah. It was too blatant. It was a blatant round. It was blatant Death. It was a blatant even wrote it the same except they put man. Wow. I was like, all right. Nah, we ain't gonna let y'all get over with that.


Not at all. Do, Do you believe the New York nineties hip hop scene has been properly documented? No. To answer your question, no. Nobody has documented. I wish somebody would was because of so many different parts of it. Fashion, right? Yeah. Right. The parties, Chris Colors, Chris Ladi are doing Cancun every year we to go to Cancun. Yep. The one mistake Chris made and, and all of us slept on this. We did. Nobody trademarked. What happens in Cancun stays in Cancun. Vegas took it and trademarked. Wait, it was theirs. Wow. Wow. Yeah. That was, I was saying what happens in Cancun stay in Cancun because ev debauchery was happening in Cancun, bro. Everybody was smashing everybody.


So it was like, this is Cancun. We not bringing this home. We, we had fun. We was walling. Do you feel like, I mean, 'cause now a lot of that fun gets turned onto people. Lawsuits are happening. All that. When you see, I understand it now, but when you see that like all that happen to like our legends like a Diddy and You know Russell, like different people. How do you feel about that? Because I know you had said one time like, I feel you can't take away with Diddy's Dunn, I mean for music. Right. You Can't take away his legacy. Yeah. Right. But what he did to Cassie that we saw on camera was atrocious. Absolutely. And deplorable. And he should be ashamed of himself for it. Now the rest of it, I don't know. Have I been to Diddy parties? Yeah. Did I know what time to go home?


Yeah. Have I hung out with Diddy? Yeah. Have I had fun with Diddy? Has Diddy always treated me with love and respect? Hell yeah. So all I could go by is what I know about Sean Combs, what I saw deplorable and despicable and disgusting. And as a father of four girls, Diddy would've had a problem if that was my job. But I can't erase his legacy and what he did musically and what he meant to music. And I think he's learning a hard lesson right now that all them people that you thought was your people, they was never your people. So What should happen to Diddy now? 'cause we talk about his legacy, right? You know people talk about forgiveness. People talk about he should lose everything. What, what's your thoughts and what should happen to somebody like a dude?


I think if there is something legal, let the courts play it out. But in a court of public opinion and morality, that's something totally different. And he hasn't been convicted of a crime. So the man is innocent and until proven guilty, And I would hope that somebody would feel that way about me. But I think he has to make amends for what we saw. We saw a video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We saw a video. Can he make amends for that? It happened. What's my man named Ray Rice? Remember he used to play for Baltimore. He did the thing in the, in the elevator and You know he didn't get to play professional football anymore. So I think You know Diddy got some soul searching to do and he's gonna have to make amends for what we saw. Can he make amends for that though? Like how do you do that? Like after something like that It's super public.


It's at this point his reputation is what it is. Like how do you come back from something like that? I've never been in that situation so I can't answer that question. But it is, it is gonna be tough at first. You gotta take care of what you need to take care of. As far, if I was in that situation, I don't know how or what I would do. I would think I would just have to rely on my God and and just take everything one day at a time. But I would definitely try to make some amends for it and probably get some counseling for it. And what you said is true And I don't understand why people can't explore that. Like your emotions do be complicated when situations like this happen because Yes, what he did is disgusting. Right. But we still can't act like we didn't wild out to all about the Benjamins and we didn't You know love that whole bad boy era at some point.


No, we, we played one 12 in the show. Man, you gotta do the mace part You. know what I'm saying? How more you want to, how more you want. Alright, we got more with Ed Lover when we come back, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess and we still kicking it with Ed Lover Lauren, Is it true that you were only making $500 a week the first week of yo Mt V raps? Yeah. Hell yeah. The first eight to maybe a year. Yeah, first year. Yeah. Wow. Because they didn't know what to do with the show. Fab was already there. Thank God for Fab. Fab F Freddie. Fab f Freddie. He decided, I know you like Tabis was there. No, just that was, No, not that Fab.


There's another fab before Fab. It was Fab Five. Freddie. Got you. He was already there. He got on in in 88. So this show blew up. They wanted to do a daily show. They had a thousand dollars a week for a host. So Dre took five. I took the other five. It didn't last that long. We got our money. It feel Like back then it was more about hip hop culture than money. Than hip hop business. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Money. I think at some point money ruined hip hop in a certain way. Wow. 'cause it, it was about the culture. Like you had to be nice. Right? Sooner or later it transitioned into we just trying to move units. We just trying to sell records. We streaming now. So everybody You know with Soulja Boy, which is another one of my favorite interviews y'all ever.


The Drake. Drake. Drake. Oh, then I found out that that was true. You Know. It's so funny you brought up, so I remember being in New York, I forgot where year it was. And you was on going on a Soja Boy rant and hated Soja boy. Hated, Hated Soja Boy. And we cool too. We cool right now. Nothing. We're not putting that No. What he did. What Was your issue with Big Draco Back then? After the first couple of records? I just thought he was trash you boom. Yeah, I just thought I hated that. A hot record though. But guess what else I missed out on? Y'all not even gonna believe this son, but Mike Kaiser. Y'all know Mike Kaiser? Of course. Mike Kaiser came to Hot 97 and played Get at Me Dog for me. And I said, it's the worst record I've ever heard about.


Oh, You got it. Whoa. I missed out on that. So I missed out on Big Draco too. So I apologizing. Damn. I missed out on, I told you got your Age when you told him that. Huh? When it comes, I was like, man, you bucking. I'm like, man, he barking. We already got a dog. We got Snoop Dogg. Why we need another dog? And then he was, the beat that it was that was used was the old Knickknack Paddy whack off of EPMD. I'm old school, you don't bite nobody else. It's beat. You don't use it again. And then we went to Westchester County for a hot 97 Hot shot basketball team we had. And that DJ dropped that and them kids lost. Lost it. I was like, ed, you was wrong. You was wrong on that one. What other things I didn't think Social Boy was gonna last. What other things did you miss out on that were like, now they're like, we look at the moments like, oh my God.


Like that you could have been a part of, or could have been a first one. My daughter, my oldest daughter, Tiffany Lloyd Banks, was in her homeroom class. Oh wow. Giving her the G unit mix tapes before they were signed. Wow. And she never once said, ed, their dad hears this group called G Unit that's floating around and fifth was from South side. Jamaica. Queens. And. I. I'm, But would you have done it back then? 'cause Fifth had beef with everybody from Queens. Absolutely. I would've did it. He liked That type of stuff that was on kick. Right. Because a lot of people, people still You know, still Probably tried to squash the beef. I would probably went to black Jess and like, yo Jess man, talk to Preme man. We gotta stop this man.


We gotta get this kid going. This kid your matter of fact, y'all need points. What y'all need? We, yeah, my daughter, man, she did not tell me banks was in her class and here go to crazy stuff. He went to August Martin. My daughter went to August. Martin, come to find out banks, moms was in my homeroom class at August. Martin High. Wow. Yeah. Wow. I seen banks last week. What's up to banks. I seen Shout out to banks, man, Banks. How's the game evolved since you started and and what, what changes have surprised you the most? I Think the changes that surprised me the most is we don't know how people getting paid from their music. Mm mm You know the streaming thing. I, I hear a lot about it. Like, this person stream this many streams. And I'm like, so how they getting paid? And then I saw Snoop complaining about, he don't even know how he get paid off of his his stuff.


I always thought that we were have hard copies of music. Like it's, it's easier to say this person sold, actually sold. Right. This person is popular because they actually, people go out and consume and bought and paid for it and, and took it with them and live with it. Like when get Richard die trying came out, we was running around the city trying to find somebody that had it. You couldn't find it in the record store. So I, I think what shocked me the most is, is, is the streaming and probably the lack of balance in hip hop. The balance is not there. The love is gone. Like you had, even if we had, Even If we had Kaya right, we still had Latifah and light and salt and pepper and it, it was always a balance.


If, you, If you had NWA, you had some conscience over there, right? Equality. Yeah. You equality the the balance is just, is gone. How do you feel about the new wave of music in New York? The like sexy drill? It ain't for me. It don't mean shit mean bad. So you with the Uhuh, I mean, I can't see you dancing. It Ain't it ain't it ain't for me. You gotta understand what's for you, what's not for you. Right. And And I get to a point now where I'm like, okay, that's, that's for them. If that's your vibe, that's your wave. Cool. Because I remember my father used to get at me about hip hop. He like, that's crap. That deep, deep. Anybody can do that. I'm like, dad, it's music that ain't music. So the way I don't get in the way of the young artists coming up, do your thing.


God bless you. Y'all make way more money than we ever made. So good. We open the door for y'all. Go ahead, run through that door and keep the door open for the next generation. Absolutely. Because y'all ain't gonna understand the next generation. I never thought I'd see the day You know. When you see a cat be like, who? Who? Jay-Z. If Jay-Z wasn't a billionaire, they wouldn't know his music. That's real. That's crazy. You know what I some people, Some people No Shade to Jay-Z I love you Jay-Z Nah. Some people be like some Nah, I don't listen to that. Some if it, if it wasn't like, some people know him as Beyonce's husband. They don't even know a lot of the stuff that don't know He ever met Record Knows him as Beyonce's husband. I think that's crazy. That's insane. That is insane. Shout out to Beyonce too. Send me some of that new whiskey you got coming out. I'll drink Burger. Well, tonight Case Tonight he's gonna be at sobs.


ATBs. What time tonight does the Star get your ticket? Right now? Seven O'clock. Seven o'clock. Ed Lover presents the live mix tape band. We rock a straight hour and a half is New York. So we might do two hours Tonight and this all good music. Come on out guys. Yeah. It's date night. Bring Your Girl Ladies, bring your Fella. They have food there. It could be a Ladies Night Out. They recreate some of the biggest records in hip hop and r and b. Ed Lover does the rapping. They do the singing. So I can't wait to wish I Vocals. We got Mr. Sherwood Brown Jr. On vocals and we got a hell of a band man. A bunch of really talented young cats. Man. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. Thank you man. I appreciate y'all having me man. I'm on The. Breakfast Club. Look at this. Absolutely. Listen you one of the icons whose shoulder we stand on, so That's Right.


I appreciate.


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drop modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Hey you man. And I always appreciated the fact that when Power 1 0 5, let me go and y'all came in. Y'all never crapped on me, man. And, I really appreciate on that Luckily, I appreciate that. We wanna do things That we want to do. Things that you did absolutely You. know what I mean? You've been trying to figure out a movie You know For Long to stir something up. Now what about The Breakfast Club, man, how you about to, I was like, I'm man me and envy from the same hood son. I said, you ever heard The Breakfast Club say anything bad about me? No. Then I ain't gonna say nothing bad about The, Breakfast Club And I told y'all do what y'all do man. And shout out to Jess. Congratulations. Yeah, me and Jess did the essence last year together. She's a joy to work with. Man. We had to fight so many of your listeners when we first started. Oh man. I'm tell you, I'm gonna tell you one of your biggest listeners who was on our head football.


Warren Sap. Oh, Warren Sap was on our head. Warren. Warren sat Warren s on our head. Between who of these young punks on the radio. Warren Sap was, Oh my God, yo. When I, When I first got the power And we flipped power from the RB from jamming 1 0 5 to Power 1 0 5. That's the same calls I took that morning when we flipped the stage. Where is such and such? Where's this person at? Who's that? I don't wanna hear. No Ed love hit Dr. Dre on the radio. So it's full circle man. Shout to SAP Though. Yeah. All right, well it's The. Breakfast Club. It's Ed Lover. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve. JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get to Jess with the mess with Laura LaRosa.


Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't spare. Nobody bro. Why Jess? Why mess on The? Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So there's been a brief update in the little baby situation with him being arrested in Vegas. So yesterday his mugshot was released and along with the mugshot there were some more details released in a police report. So remember I told you guys that I spoke to little baby's attorney Drew Finland and Drew Finland told me that they were still trying to figure out everything.


But that You know from the conversation I had with him, I was under the impression that baby probably believed that he was okay to carry because he has a permit in Georgia. Right. So the more details that came out, kind of lean to that theory as well. So baby basically had the gun tucked in his waistband when he was on the floor of encore gambling in the casino. He then took the gun out of his waistband. This is according to what police are saying, was seen on the video cam, on the video camera by security at the encore. He then took the gun, allegedly out of his waistband, put it in a duffle bag. The duffle bag was then given to someone that was with him. Dunno who the man is. That man then was walking with the duffle bag. I don't know where he was headed to, but police stopped that man and then took the duffle bag.


So they impounded the gun. They then met up with baby later where he was staying to, I guess arrest him for that. And Baby had told them that he was out at a club and he had the gun with him since all of that. He didn't even remember he had it with him. So You know, they're like, okay, well we have to charge you baby. He's like, well listen, just charge me, get it over with so we can You know. So they'll be going to court on October 1st. So he didn't have a gun on him. So he had it on him in the video. And then he puts it in a duffel bag. But in that dash cam video or that not the dash cam, I'm sorry. In that bystander video that we listened to yesterday and he says there's a gun basically in his pants that the gun couldn't have been in his pants. Because from what the police report is saying, the gun was retrieved from a man who had an duffle bag after baby took it off his hip.


So He didn't have it on his person. No, I I just want artists to take that mug shots more serious like You know yo Baby You know that your most shot is gonna go public You. know what I'm saying? He look a little drunk. He look a little high. He in Vegas though, But still smile or something. You know what I mean? Like You know your mugshot is going to go public You know that you're artist. He looking like stop playing with my time. Wasted my time. Because You can turn mugshots and stuff into merch. I just want them to think about you You know their brands when they get arrested. Well, not only that, I I I want salute the Lil Baby. I just want all the artists that do carry firearms and If. you do carry a firearm to know the rules and regulations and know what to say because there's no way he should have said I had it in a club. Because you're not allowed to carry a firearm where they serve liquor Bro. Just higher security and that Reporting Armed security.


Why are you carrying your own gun anyway? And that reporting that I just reported from the police report was from KSNV, which is a local Nevada station. I did reach out to try and get the report and the mugshot for us ourselves. And, and that didn't happen. They Told us we ain't popping enough. Yeah, they said that we are not a mainstream media outlet. So You know, but I'm gonna build a relationship over there in Vegas. Hey Vegas, I'm not done calling y'all. So we And we on in Vegas too, so they could hear us Good morning in Vegas. Yeah, It's okay. They, they, they played with me. They tried to g check me a little bit, but You know, Hey, suck my d whoever didn't want to give us the mugshot and said, we not a main me mainstream media outlet. Don't even worry me and charlamagne the God talk. I said, suck my D from the back. Listen though, That way don't threaten them with a good time. You don't know if, if that's what they into. I don't care. Listen, Also, he said, I don't care.


Once again, higher security. Why are you carrying your own gun when you a star as big as Lil Baby? That makes zero sense to me. Higher armed security. Yeah. I don't know. I have a lot of thoughts about that. But last, what's your thought? I, I was gonna just say like, I get hire your own security. But I know artists who've told me like, if I'm legal to carry, I do wanna carry myself because for what? You can't always trust that security gonna shoot when they need to. Shoot Man, please. I can't trust that you gonna shoot when you gonna shoot everybody be carrying these guns and acting like they know how to use 'em and they feel comfortable just 'cause they have them. When you in the midst of action and somebody draws down on you or tries to rob you or so you not going, you You know how to use your firearm. Well That's the thing though. You know. Cut it out. People do go to the ranch. I go to the range all the time. And, I.


I'm, I'm, I'm a gray shot. But the problem is, is there's liability. And that's why you hire security. 'cause there's liability. Say, okay, so if I shoot you and a bullet goes through you and hit somebody else by accident or hit some some property, you're liable for that, right? You but If, you have security Security's cut that security company has insurance. They're liable for that. They take all the liability away from you. And why would you wanna be thinking about that type of stuff when you go out, you going out, you going out to enjoy yourself. You gotta have your star on. So You know you taking pictures, shaking hands. Why you wanna be worried about If? you gotta pull out your gun and protect yourself. Sometimes you Think about your Own Security. I mean, yeah, I agree with both sides. It, I I agree, but I agree with how your own security, I, I agree with Karen, your firearm with you all 24 7. I ain't mad at that either. Yeah, That's Dumb. But when you are an artist and you're an artist mode and you're performing, you're out and about.


Yes, you should have security. Yes, A hundred percent. But also too, he wasn't performing either. He was just there enjoying for James Harden's birthday. But so Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese, they are going to square off again. This is the fourth time that we are going to now be seeing them play against each other. Indiana versus Chicago. It's happening at the Win Trust arena today, Friday. Now here's the thing. You guys know every time that they play against each other, it's the talk of the town, right? According to the game time app via TMZ, this is a place where people can go to get last minute tickets to the games. As of Thursday, the average ticket price for the Angel Reese and Kaitlyn Clark game was 1040 $5. A premium seat could get you all the way up to $2,013.


And a nosebleed seat is about $124. Now for comparison, there are other games. WNBA games happening tonight, Friday night. And their lowest ticket. So like their nosebleeds are at $15. So it shows You know people. That's good. Yeah. People are excited. People Are paying that money so that these, these women will get more money later on if, if people keep coming out and supporting. That's great. I like It. Yeah, I mean you would think that, but like, we gonna get into this, but like DJ a Carrington You know it was a big draw game for the Connecticut, Connecticut Sun recently versus the LA Spark. LA Sparks. They sold out the arena and it wasn't even televised. She had to promote it herself and she was upset about it. Let's take a listen Waiting.


Let's take a listen. You Guys sold out the TD Garden, the very first WNBA game there before the game. Dee, you tweeted about you gotta do your own promo. Do you feel like there was a missed opportunity here for the lead to really maximize on a historic event? I think that there could have been a lot more publicity or promo from the top. Connecticut had announced that we were having this game probably over, almost a year ago. Maybe. It was ample time to do what needed to be done. Appreciate that. And the game should have been on a national television broadcast. You shouldn't have to pay for any type of subscription to see a game. That's this historic.


Now that's insane because that game was legendary because it was the first time that WNBA played in that arena. But they didn't Have to promo it. It's sold out. I mean, but she's saying that it's sold out part basically because they did, they did the work themselves. They did the groundwork and they shouldn't have had to. But back to that whole televised, they're not the Angel Reese and Kaitlyn Clark game that's gonna Be televised. It's on I the ION network though. It's on the, I I don't even know how you get the ION network. It's, and they have a partnership with the WNBA. That's why it's there. That's probably Why they probably played. Why not? Why not espn? Because college football back baby. It's his first weekend of college football. So I'm The misogyny, Maybe that misogyny In revenue. Angel Reese and Kaitlyn Clark are, they're huge. But I Might pay for it. Simone Biles just went to their game the other day.


Might pay for it. They might pay for it. Same reason why the super, the NFL sometimes has game on Amazon prom. First Of all, it's not risk. Who paid for it? Who's not bothered? It's not misogyny, it's ratings and revenue. The, the, the the college football game that they, it, first of all, it's the first weekend of college football. I think the first official weekend, whatever game they put on the night is gonna rate better than the WNBA game would guaranteed. Yeah, but who gonna have the better edges? Man, shut up. Oh my goodness. That's just what the mess on. We gonna come back and talk about how toxic Lauren is. You can put her on blast because yesterday she did something very foul that my guy's friend very, no, she just showed me the text. She showed you the text. I ain't show you no text. I heard about it because I never texted person. 'cause we never seen each number I heard about that was very foul. She just showed me. All right, well you play, you play play all day, all day, all day.


Show the name. Who you giving your donkey to? Can't build a wall around Delaware. Okay, I'm not there no more. Build it. I'll stay here, I'll call. Wow. She don't care. She said I'll stay here. Listen for after the hour is a prime example of why you have to hear both sides. Okay. We need the Montgomery court system in Pennsylvania to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with them all. We'll get to that next. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same son. La say the gang dunk at other Jayla. Man you are, don't you? Ah, it's time for donkey today. Donkey of today does not discriminate. I might not have the song of today, but I got the donkey today. So If, you ever feel I need to be a donkey man?


Hit me with the hero. The Breakfast. Club bitches. Who's donkey today? Today, well, and Sharon Donkey of today, for Friday, August 30th, goes to the Montgomery County Court system in Pennsylvania. Ladies and Gman. Today's donkey is a prime example of why, regardless of what the situation is, you always have to hear both sides. Because if I told you right now, Christopher Casey, 56 years old of upper morlin was sentenced last week in Montgomery Court to 11 and a half to 23 months in, in, in the county jail, followed by three years of probation after pleading guilty to a charge of manslaughter. What would you think if I told you he was also charged for possession of an instrument of crime?


What would you believe? What do you think envy an ll cool bay when I say this man was charged and sent to prison for manslaughter. What goes through your mind? Envy. That's where it should be. Yeah, he killed somebody. Mm. Okay. But that's why you always have to hear both sides. See, Casey was originally charged with third degree murder in the January death of a 62-year-old man named Robert Wallace. Robert lived next door in a duplex. They shared a common wall. Well, apparently Christopher Casey was a snorer, not just any type of snorer. Apparently the type of snorer who, who snores could leave his mouth travel through the walls, tra travel through the walls, and then the Robert Wallace's ears. Okay? We all know the person who snores falls asleep first and keeps everybody else up.


Well, one day Robert had had enough and he decided that he needed to do something about Christopher Casey snoring. What happened next is tragic and is yet another example of why humans need better conflict resolution skills. Let's go to six a, b, c News Philly for the report police right Now to a deadly stabbing in Hatborough Montgomery County. 56-year-old Christopher Casey will spend up to 23 months behind bars for a death that stemmed from an argument over snoring. He pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. Prosecutors say Casey stabbed Robert Wallace, who pushed in a window and threatened to kill Casey over his loud snoring. The two men lived next door to each other in a duplex. This is why you always have to hit both sides.


First of all, if anyone has ever told you that you snore, just know that person is very carefully weighed. The pros and cons of killing you, okay? They have played it out in their head over and over. They thought about it. If I let this person live, I will never get a good night's sleep. But if I kill him, I'll sleep well just in a prison cell. So there is a part of me that understands Robert's frustration. He did what so many people have thought about You know doing all right, meaning he wanted a good night's sleep and he knows he could. He would never get one with Christopher's freight train snoring in the next apartment. I'm just assuming it was freight train snoring because this man was in a whole other whole other apartment. Okay? They weren't roommates, they weren't bunk bed buddies. This man was in a whole other apartment he could have and he could hear 'em through the walls. So this wasn't no mild snoring, no moderate snoring.


This was freight train snoring that Robert could hear through the walls. Okay? These walls must have been made outta the same material that Kawhi and his knees are made out of. Because for Robert to be able to hear the snoring and then try to push in Christopher's first floor window and threaten to kill him, I have one question. What else was Christopher supposed to do? If somebody is pushing in your window and threatening to kill you, am I supposed to wait until they get in my residence and wait and see if they really want to kill me? No. I have to defend myself. I have to attempt to to neutralize the threat. I'm shocked Christopher didn't have a gun. Okay? They found Robert 50 feet away from the residence after suffering the stab wounds. So clearly he stuck him someplace fatal. But if he had a gun, they would've found him dead right there at the house.


Okay? I think it's terrible that a life was lost. But If, you attempt to push in someone's window, you're breaking into someone's house and you're threatening to kill them. You're kinda asking for it. Now, back to the Montgomery County court system. I don't believe Christopher should have been found guilty of anything. Was it because he stabbed him several times? That has to be the reason because this man should not be facing any charges. I did some research and by research I mean Googled and Pennsylvania has a stand. Your ground law, deadly force is reasonable in specific cases. If someone is unlawfully entering your home, work or vehicle, if someone has unlawfully entered your home work or occupied vehicle and is trying to unlawfully remove you, now it does say the force.


You must, the force you use must be equal to the force you are threatened with. Whether or not you provoked the circumstances is decided on a case by case basis. I don't think snoring is provoking someone to try to hurt you. Okay? Right. And it says it has to be viewed upon the totality of circumstances. For example, courts have said that the mere use of insulting words, which leads to a fight, does not rise to the level of provoke. But once again, if someone is breaking into your house right? Unprovoked and threatening to kill you, I personally have no problem with a person responding the way Robert Wallace did. Now, Lauren Envy, after hearing both sides, what do you think? Free Christopher or nah? Yeah, You know you ain't gonna break into my house and me just sit there and look at you.


Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh. Alright. Just making sure. Okay. Please give the Montgomery County court system in Pennsylvania the biggest haw. You knocking my window. I don't know what you, what you About to do. That's that. That's why you always gotta hear both sides. Right? That's all I'm saying. Al you always gotta hear both sides. I was fear. I I I was I agree. Scared for my life. What was I supposed to Do? Yes. What do you expect though when you do something like that? Like you should expect something come in your mind. I, I have no idea what he was thinking. I really don't. Alright, well thank you for that donkey of the day. Now can we switch to Lauren's toxicity? Yes.


Yesterday Lauren LaRosa was in here drunk. Alright. Lauren LaRosa. Okay. Not this whole Lauren London LaRosa personality. You be trying to have Lauren LaRosa that people in Delaware call you new, new and all of that. Lauren got drunk the other night. 'cause she was at SIM's party, right? She came the Social unplug. She came in here drunk. Can I say your name? Oh, okay. He said No, somebody that works. His friend. All right. Was trying to holler at Lauren. Correct. Okay. And Lauren gassed it up. She made it. She, she said that he put your hu my husband in the phone hard of Mo this. Then she was clowning them for texting them. I Tried to check She was clowning them for texting. Her thing I had to do is keep my phone getting tooken.


Text Her saying good morning and all kind of stuff. Lo and behold, Lauren lied on that man. He Lied on that man. First of all, When we come back, we gonna talk about it. You gonna talk about your alive. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Did you ever dog out a good man? Mm. I wish I knew what man y'all was talking about. All the man did was text Lauren and say, yo, hope you made it home safely. You know, just checking on you. And then she, She Responded like, and she replied back. I love that for us. I love that for us. What? And then he replied, oh, okay. Hard emojis. I can't wait to talk to you later. And now it's, oh, what? Huh? You gased him up. You gas, you started, you put my husband in the phone. I love that for us. I put my husband in my phone.


Yes, you put his name in my husband. I don't remember that. Oh Lord. That Never happened. You don't need to drink ever again. That Never happened. Five days. That never happened. I don't, Man. Maybe I, I need to meet him. Did you Ever dog out a good man? And then did I say his name? Did you ever dog out a good man and realize it later and say, damn, I missed out on a good one. Seems like that's what happened with Lauren. Why you Missing our blessings Right here. I'm I'm with you. It The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. I'm blessed. The Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Talk about It.


Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And I'm just so disgusted. Me too. I don't even wanna, I'm disgusted at Lauren LaRosa, man, because she, I Didn't wanna work here with you because you, you are just a toxic person. I am not a toxic person. Y'all, well, you Lied on this guy You. Know what I'm saying? I didn't, I didn't know the full context. You made it And. I honestly didn't even meet the guy. So I honestly don't even know. We, we Were talking about, you made it seem like this guy was on your body the way on you were actually on his body because you took his, you took your phone, you put his number in your phone. That has not been confirmed. You Put my husband that has not been confirm, Confirmed. Yes. Did that. It is. Can I read the text you Said yesterday? He text you good morning just to see If. you was all right. 'cause you was so sloppy drunk the night before.


That's What happened before. That's What he just wanted. See If, you was good this morning. You in here moving facts and you replied back to him. I love that. For us. That's not what happened. What Happened? You Def what? I read the text. That's not, That's what happened. You said He, you said making sure you got home safely. And you said, I like that for us. And then he said, Brandon, really? Me too. Let's get up later. Heart emoji. And then you curved him. Well, in my defense, if, if this did happen, if I did meet this guy and, and all this did happen, maybe I had only saw a part of the text because I didn't wanna open the text. 'cause I was worried about what the conversation might have been. 'cause I, What is the name stored under? Can I see? There's no name stored in my phone.


This is all hypothetical if I even met this person. So I don't know what you're talking about, but once I read the full text, I said, if this were to have happened, I need to take accountability for the fact that it didn't go like what I was saying, This is disgusting. It's horrible. Y'all are making this way more than what it has to be. Ah, Toxic women. See, that's the problem, man. Let's, let's go to Tracy on line three. Tracy, you are a toxic woman too, huh? No. Okay, so I met this guy at a kickback. That's what we call in Texas when he just kicking with somebody at a party. And he treated me cool. You know we used to kick it, but I just felt like he was too on me.


And, I stopped messing with him. And then I started looking for him and it was too late. He had got married. Yeah. So I really regretted that. I've been there, done that too. And you regretted somebody too. So this, so you, this is your mo this is what you do. I think you don't know sometimes you don't know what you need until you Thank you Tracy. Leave it and then it's like, ah. Like I What you need is Jesus. And you need to stop.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan. Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm missing your blessing. I'm saved you Missing your blessing. Jesus. This Man text you and said Good morning. Just checking on you, but hold on and you replied back. I love that for us. But then dogged the man out like he didn't like he did something wrong For the, okay, so re resetting the room because Yeah, once I realized, once I finally opened the text, 'cause my red receipts are on, so I'm like, I don't know if I'm gonna talk to him or not. And. I don't wanna open a text and not respond. Respond. So you Just give somebody your number that you might not even be Interested in. Oh my God. So that's the game you play. Oh my God. God. It was the Resado. It wasn't my Fault. Oh, now you gonna blame it on alcohol. Yes. Sick. So you get this guy your number, you flirt with him all night long. He text you All night long is crazy envy. They, Your friend was here yesterday, said you had two hands on his arm.


That Shit, she's In there. They said y'all hugged three times. Wait as soon as y'all met. No, that's not true. That was my friend and the producer that works here, his other friend. You need to keep us away from your friends. That's what you need to do. It's your fault. It ain't my fault. But anyway, once I opened the text, 'cause I was like, I'm gonna respond back to him. He was. He was really nice. I'm gonna respond back to him. But Did you respond back to him and say, I responded back to him and said, oh well hypothetically if this happened, I responded back to him and said, what the heck were we talking about? That your number ended up in my phone. Under husband. And what did He say? He said, now let the record show. Lauren just lied and said she didn't put that in her phone. Hold on. You see that? Hold On. I said, Lying Lar. I said, Lion LaRosa. Lion LaRosa. That's your new name.


Lion LaRosa. I said, I said, what were we talking about that you put your number in my phone as husband? He said, what did he said? Well, no, the question is, what did I say to you that made you put my number in your phone as husband? Oh, I was like, he caught me off guard with that one. I had to, I ain't even text back. I went to sleep. I was like, I got, I gotta like sit at this one. Like So You didn't hit him back? Not Yet. You toxic? No, it's because I just wanted my, I had to like, it caught me off guard. I had to get myself together. What I don't understand is how come he checked on you in the morning and you He didn't check on me in the morning. You Already told That was the night that we met. He was making sure I got home saved. Okay. So make Sure got home Better. That's even good. I didn't remember it, y'all. And you said, oh, I love that for us.


I, This is All acting, but you acting this man, you acting like this man. This did something so foul. No, I didn't think that it was foul. I just was like, all I saw was a text message, like with the heart and all that And. I'm like, whoa. Tell homie to run. What happened? I'm looking at, I'm looking at my, I'm looking at the homie's homie in the room right now. Tell homie to run Lion Accountability. Lion Wilson don't deserve happiness. I take accountability for, for like not fully reading the full text message before I reacted you Robin Gibbs. And also too, I would say Rob been giving some boomerang yesterday in the room. I was like, I don't know if I like people that are really nice to me. And then I didn't think about that. Like, yes I do and that is what I want and that's what my husband should give. So that's what made me be like, You know what Lauren? You gotta, you, you, you doing your own self dirty right now.


You deserve someone that is very nice to you. So we gonna move on off me? Not too much on me. Wow. Wow. You Deserve to be single. 805. Eight five. 1 5 1. I'm so ladies have you have a dog? Got a good man and regretted after. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy. Let me talk Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and she's just so toxic.


I mean, I I really, I'm, I'm very disappointed in you Lying LaRosa. I mean, I, if your mom knew what was happening, your mom would be disappointed in you right now too. Lying LaRosa. This is why mom can't get no more grandkids. 'cause God is protecting these men. God is protecting these men from lying LaRosa. Wait, you, you think that if I didn't wanna go and have a baby with somebody right now, I couldn't, No, I wouldn't have allow that to happen. Oh, okay. Okay. Cool. Lying. LaRosa If, you just joining us You know if you've been following The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa talked about how, how a guy put his number in her phone as husband and his guy was all on her body. Sweat her. I didn't say all that. Y'all preciseness Stopped. But it turned out that actually she was leading this gentleman on And. I actually put his number in her phone as husband.


She, he all he said was, Hey, just making sure you're safe. She responded, I love that for us. So he came back with, I can't wait to see you again. We can have another conversation. Put the hard emoji. And then she came to work the next day talking about why he all on my body. I did not say why he sweating me? Why he treating Me like that? I did not say that. I don't even know Emphatically if this guy exists. And he happens to be listening. I did not say like that don't exist now. You don't Exist. I'm gonna tell you something though. All jokes aside, this dude is not going anything to do with at All. Y'all are really messing up my everything. Because he like, she's like, damn, I only met her once and she done told all of these lies and took it to the radio. I don't want no parts of that Toxicity. It's y'all lying.


It's y'all. Y'all are like, okay. It's like lying oil and vinegar. Like y'all just si it never said all that. Hello? Who's this? Hey. What's up? This is tame. Hey tame. Are you one of those women that are, are very toxic? Did a guy dirty And I regret it? No. I wouldn't say I was toxic. No, Of course you Wouldn't. Yeah, no, of course. Tell us About when you busted on his car. Flattened his tires. That's toxic. Spray painted on his, on his walls. Yes. That's not, that's toxic. No Real talk. First let me just say I love Charlamagne Envy Lauren, love y'all so much. Love Jess. Miss her. Be glad when she comes back and congratulations to her. Thank you. Yes. So Basically it is my ex-husband. He messed up a few times, right? And I forgave him.


And I chose to stay. But then I, I kept reminding him over and over and over again how bad he messed up and really did just kind of dog him the whole time. And he, he tried to make up for it in little ways, but then You know he kept messing up. So it was just like, nah, you gonna catch it from me every single time. Every single time you mess up, I'm throwing everything in your face. And, I think that's how it kind of like led to us. You know ending up with a divorce basically. But So it was your fault Back on it? No, it wasn't my fault. I mean, he kept messing up. But my thing was, I'm like, If, you gonna stay and forgive somebody. You really need to forgive 'em and not be throwing it in their face. Twenty four seven, what Do you call him? Messing up. Cheating.


Oh he, yeah, he cheated and did a few other things. I mean, but I mean he's not a looking back on it, he's not a bad guy. He was my 80 20 guy. That's what I'll say. What's 80 20? Watch me? 80% good. 20% bad. No, we like 80. That's, I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't understand why y'all women get so mad. Just 'cause the man cheat a little bit. Oh boy. Well, I mean answers. You alright. It was, it was more than that. I mean, I know you don't got all morning. I mean, but it was way more than that. I I was dealing with way more than that. What else? Tell me what else. Tell me what else. Tell me what else. Tell me what else. I Don't want dog him out on the radio. 'cause he really is a good guy. You know what I'm saying? Okay. He really is And I. I still love him, but I should have never dogged him like I did if I chose to stay.


So I You Dogged him any Female, you, Him, she received, she reacted to him. Cheated all. So you Cheated. No, no, no, no. But I, but I, I kept talking junk to him all the time. She never forgave him, honestly. She says she forgave him, but she kept his foot on his neck. Got. That's not toxic. Thank got you got. Thank you. You got, you got you. So you, you mentioned before we go that You know spray painting somebody's car or slicing somebody's tires breaking in windshield is not toxic. Have you done that before? Those are crimes, right? I'm not admitting to that. Your Mugshot are look crazy. That's right. Yeah. I'm not. I know man. I I I just feel like you can't, this is my thing. Will y'all agree that you can't, you can't control how someone responds to something. That's true. When, when you do something right? That's Right. Depends what it is. You, I he can't do something and you kill Him and you can't control.


When I call 9 1 1, I started the week snitching on m truck drivers. I'm gonna end the week snitching on Lion LaRosa. Okay. This is my thing. I feel like sometimes have you slice the tire before. Th that is hard. Them tires be thick. That is really hard. Well, you tried. Busy Tried. My thing is, is like men will go out and do all this crazy stuff. And, I don't even at this point in my life, I'm not even dealing with all of that. 'cause I know how I will react. And then when you react to it, now you toxic. Why would you go do all the stuff that you doing? I should have known you was crazy when I just could measure the distance between your eyes. You got that jaw job, banks, brandy thing going like you I knew. I knew. I could see all the crazy in between here. I knew it. What's The moral of the story?


The moral of the story is don't talk about nothing around your coworkers. Lock y got on this radio And saved the man. We saved man. And saved the man we saved. Saved The man. Saved the way y'all s This is crazy. We saved a man. We definitely did. Run Brother. Run. Yeah. Run. Okay. Run Block her. I love You. This And I you everything. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't think no brothers should be with you. I I hope you end up with a white man. And I. Hope Dr. Wilmar finds out about it. Right When we come back past the Arks, Nyah Will will be joining us. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. If. you If. you going outside? Run. The. Breakfast. Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and it's time for Pastor Ox. Go. Go Nyla. Yeah. DJ come spin now come spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Big Nyla. How y'all feeling? Shit. Let's Black and Holly favored what's happening. Lovely. I love that For y'all. I'm just here to bring the vibes. I'm gonna start with a record from somebody who's kin to us. Twin. He just dropped the record with Blind Beauty. Call outside And.


I. Think it's a banger. Oh. Oh. You giving twins some love? I think It's a Bang. Twins Trav. Y'all gay Trav. Who calls up his, okay, I call him Gay Trav. Why you gotta call him gay Trav. Those are identifiers. That's how black people do it. It's like gay Trav. Yeah, You know gay Trav Tall. Just make sure y'all follow Trav. 'cause he's nasty with the PenFed man. And. I love this record. It's called outside. Should Have dropped this three months ago. Definitely because it was seven, three months Ago. I'm just thinking it's good for this weekend, but after that you gotta go back Inside. That's what I'm saying. Should have dropped it three months ago. Right. All right. It's still tough Tune though. Yes. I've been telling people they like he's got a great PenFed. He's a writer. Like he wants to write You. know what I mean? Yeah. Like he don't even, I don't think he wanna be an artist like that. I don't know. Either way think so. There's talent there. Yeah. No, I think So. That's How I know D don't really get you No in the industry.


All y'all people that's in the industry, you doing it 'cause you want to. 'cause Trav really gay and he ain't on and he got talent now playing. He Ain't not ain Ain sucked the right one yet. You right. Okay. You right does. Charlemagne ain't the right one. Why Did you, oh no. What? No, You might be right. What All? What else you got? Yo, y'all are funny. All right. I know it's freaky Friday, but Jesus. Okay, so next I'm gonna go with Juicy J Drop the Jazz album. Y'all saw that? No, I didn't know that at all. The jazz album. Yeah. Here I got Juicy Jazz. I'm not this one. This one to me was the best one on it. And I. Feel like this is somewhere that we should all strive to get to. I didn't know Juy J put out an album. That is just It. It's a jazz rap album.


It's dope Though. Yes. I'm checking it out. I like the, I like the content of it You know what I mean? Everything all good. My wife, my kids. Like that's what I'm, that's what it's about. When you after 40 Baby, like after 40 Day on here Robert Glasbury? Yes. Okay. Two Joints of Robert Glasper. It's a, it's a good project. I definitely check it out. I felt like y'all would enjoy it in particular, which is why I played. Not me. Because it's not like I'm back outside. It's not turn Outside. It's not outside. Whole first one was for you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you girls. Thank you. You. But, and this, this last one is for real rap fans. I know like people who are fans of the blog era. I feel like we having a new surgeon, a blog era with the new rappers coming up and Ruben Vincent is definitely one of those ones that I think is gonna be leading the pack for those.


And he dropped a new record called Blessing. I love Ruben. Vincent told, I told You know you. That's not the right deed. The right ones act like it ain't really happening. He just all outward About it. I love Ruben Vincent. But what the hell did he say the man did this butt playing Backman art Man. Hold on Ruben. Hold on. Rod know what's going on Ruben. What the hell did the man do Your butt. Now we just had this conversation. Ruben The lightning struck my mind Disrupt in the last line. I can't say it's Something about the man di, but he said the man di did something this. But Ruben, you talented. You ain't gotta do all that in the industry. Ruben. Y'all take Freaky Friday to a nigga. Y'all. Y'all. That is not what he said. I heard it. Man. Don't do I like I thought Ruben Vincent, the man smack his brother Ruben Vincent, one of the most talented the accent.


Listen Ruben, one of the most talented young artists out here, he is phenomenal. He's dope. I I gotta protect young brothers like that in the industry and from North Carolina Too. He is from North Carolina. Tell Me who these man them is not allowed these man Mando to do that to you. It's always the one that's so I gotta protect. Oh you gotta protect. See what you should be doing is wondering who man Dim is. No why man To who? Ruben smack that man. Do this to Ruben man. Oh my God. Stop yo. Anyway, listen to Ruben's music. Yeah, I love his music. And he's like, he's for the MCs for real, for real. But he's also Liberian. So he's dabbling into like Afrobeats And stuff and North Carolina all day. Shout out to Ruben. Vince. Yes. So you didn't smack that mind, but did you, Before you go Nyla stop, I wanna in the room, let y'all know.


Y'all know Club one bd. Oh the On? No y'all not hip. Okay, I'm gonna send y'all some links. So You know how like during the pandemic, it's the DJs who started going viral for having like the parties in their house. And I know them from Brooklyn. Yes. Yes. So Nyla just did something with them and you did. She didn't. That's huge y'all, you didn't tell me that. That's so Fire And I didn't know I had to tell you. Yes. Their videos Go viral me time. I'm just, I feel like I'm just so happy to watch you flourish. Thank you. You ain't even say that. Woo. So why so Mad? Because I like them. I watched them a lot. Every loves. We actually spoke about them before. Yes. They're the ones who did the one of their DJs Is that Fire Victoria Monet mix the yes. Like girl you go.


Go ahead girl. Let's talk about Nyla's gifts. Nyla's gifts. Have her currently about to be on tour with Rhapsody ae. Yeah. I'm just filling in. I'm feeling In I'm, it don't matter you king feeling, you're filling in team filling and tell them where you gonna be. Yeah, we're gonna Brazil. Yes. So I love when people give Congratulations Nyla. Thank you. I love when people's gifts put money in their pocket as well as You know Get allow 'em to see The. World. Absolutely. So congratulations big nla. Congrats. I'm excited. I've never been to South America. So this, this would be great. Next Time you do one of them apartment things, can you invite me? I'll definitely love You know to just be there for the party. Yeah. I can't believe how many, how much feedback I got from that. I got a lot of Great feedback. We love those. Yes. Shout out. Congratulations. Shout to Club 1D.


Congratulations. Make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla so y'all can hear the set that Lauren is talking about. And then you can also click the link in bio to tap into the playlist. There you go. Make sure you guys follow certified vibe. Make sure y'all follow my podcast. We need to talk. All right. Alright, well the People's Choice mix is up next. You know we throw it back on a Friday and it's Labor Day weekend. So salute to all my Caribbean people, all my Trinidadians, all my Guyanese, all my Jamaican, all my Haitian, all my people from the island of Dominica. Call me up right now. Get your request in If. you own a passport. Call me up right now. We're gonna take you back to the islands. All right. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast, Club Lion.


LaRosa is filling in for just whoa. Big Lion Osa, big lion. Now we got a salute ed lover for joining us this morning. The icon, the og the Legends. Look to the icon. Ed Lover. I ed Lover objectively has to be on anybody's hiphop. Of course Mount Rushmore got a doubt. Media personality list. You know. Honestly, I would have to put five, most people put four. I'd have to put five hiphop. Who your Five? This hip hiphop media. Mount Rushmore. Ed Lovel. Yes. Wendy Williams. Of course. Angie Martinez. Yep. Sway. Yep. And Big Boy. Yep. That's it. That's the hiphop. Mount Rushmore.


Because you, I think the Mount Rushmore is the founding fathers, like the people who You know built the foundation that all of us stand on. To me, those five did that. I agree. Hip hop media, Mount Rushmore, those five did that to me. I'm trying to think. Unless you want to take Wendy and put her somewhere else is just, but I think she Was No, Wendy on Radio. She Was radio, hip hop radio and She started that whole gossip whole, Everything y'all doing now, Wendy Williams, Breaking up stories and breaking 'em exclusive. That was Wendy. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. All right, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club, Laura LaRosa, filling in for just you guys.


Have a great weekend. I'm gonna be in Virginia today. Salute push T. He's doing his cousin's festival. This is his first festival. Him and fa le Shout to my whole 7, 5, 7 family You. know that's my Home by the Sea. I can't wait to come back there today. And, and let's just have a, a great time and a safe time. Erika Badu is performing. Luke Du, Myself, Queen Badu And a host of other DJs and performances. It's gonna be an amazing festival, so I'm looking forward to it. Hopefully we can do it at each and every year. And, I. Think I'm gonna bring my car show to Virginia. I think it's time. So Ute to the 7, 5 7. Then I'm headed to Ohio and then Oklahoma City. And then I'll be back on Monday. So salute to all the Virgos. We're gonna be celebrating before The positive note.


I have something to, to say. Oh man. What I just wanna say earlier when we were talking about Lil Baby, I wanted to shout out my homeboy Marcus Lamar. He, he has a Mark My Words podcast. It's a sports podcast. He's one of my trusted sources when it comes to sports. And I called him to clarify some information before I reported it. So I, I definitely wanted to give him that plug. I appreciate you for picking up at 6:00 AM for me. S to him. Absolutely. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes. Salute everybody out there. Enjoy your Labor Day weekend. The positive note is simple man. I want y'all to find as much happiness this weekend as possible. Always remember whoever is happy will make others happy. And being happy doesn't mean everything's perfect. It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.


Okay? Look beyond those imperfections this weekend and just be happy, man. Have a great weekend. Breakfast Club Bitches. You finished or y'all done?


Hey. Hey Gavin Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.