
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always Secure cargo.


I'm Angie Martinez and I'm my podcast. I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want for my kids, as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guess what Will, what's up Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese. So I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food, and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business? Then Butters is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. And on Butters we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. Omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. Listen to Omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say? Brittany, Christina, Shirley Bassey. Tina Madonna. Lin Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. Bruce Springsteen. This is because the bus belongs to us, A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. Listen to because the bus belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is a morning show from the States DJ Vy. Better known as The People's Choice. This SLU tour. My light-skinned brothers out there just hilarious. Just for The World wide mask. Just Don't do no lying. And Charlemagne The guy Don. Everybody come to The. Breakfast Club. I call this the hot seat. S like America's front porch. Don't feel like my wrist cousins. I never talked to me. Every time I go to the S club, I know it's gonna be like a good morning. I'm getting out. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Now Jess Solaris is on maternity leave. Lauren Lar is here.


What's up Lauren? Good morning. Charlamagne is late. And guess what day it is? Guess what day It is? Hump day. Ah ha ha ha ha ha. That's right. It's Wednesday Hump day. How you feeling Lauren? I Feel great. Tired. We rush this morning. Tired. I am tired. I went out on, on school night last night. You playing And? I am playing. I went to SLU Dropper bomb for my assistant Mercedes. I always talk about Mercedes. Mercedes is about six foot two and she runs pretty much all my businesses. So her birthday is this weekend, but of course I have the car show, which is this weekend, so we won't be able to celebrate. So they did a little surprise party for her last night at a spot called a record room. Rec record room. Record room. Go up. Yeah. The record room is in Queens and the DJs are forced to only play records.


You can only play records. No laptops, no CDs now, no Silverado, nothing like that. Have to play records. And it's a vibe. And. I mean, it's nothing. But they played Tuesday with nothing but r and b music. And we just vibed out. Man. It was a, it was a dope vibe. But driving home last night and I'm driving home, my wife's with me, my daughter went out and, and everybody's sleeping on the way back. And. I had to drive And. I'm sitting there like, why don't y'all drive and let me sleep? But yeah, I had a good time last night. Salute to everybody I ran into last night at the record room. We had a great, great, great, great, great time. Good. RB vibe, If. you ever come to New York City? Definitely check it out. You've been there before, right? Yeah. So I went to the record room before, but it was You know. It was a, It was a turn up night. Yeah. Oh no, it was a long, I did, definitely didn't remember seeing DJs with records.


Nah, this is Rec. It had to, you probably was so drunk, you probably had no idea. That's What I'm trying to tell you. That's what's called the record room. I thought it was just like, I don't know, like just the aesthetic. That's why they called it that. 'cause it gives like a speakeasy, like a little bit. It reminds me of la Like we used to go to a spot in LA called The Dime. It kind of reminds me of that 'cause it's very like intimate and very close and like super black. Yeah, a lot of the creatives go there, here. So yeah, It was very really dope. Now, Michael Rubin will be joining us this morning. He has a Fanatic Fest this weekend, Friday, August 16th through the 18th at the Javit Center. Now Fanatics Fest, there's all these festivals, right? You, there's music festivals, there's Complex Con, comic Con, sneaker Con, all these con. So this is a playoff for that. So just think about it like this. For three whole days you'll see your favorite athletes, whether it's NB, a, major league baseball, NFL, signing autographs, playing with kids.


It's like a, a huge athletic fest. So it's Tom Brady will be there. Eli Manning, your favorite artist will be there too. So it's a dope thing. He'll be breaking it down. Why? Why he's doing it. 'cause You know he's the owner of Fan Fanatics, which is the sports line that You know does hats and T-shirts and jerseys and all that. So we'll be talking to Mike Rubin in a little bit. And we also got front page news. Morgan, what will be joining us? You'll break down everything political and what's going on in the news. So don't go anywhere. Let's get the show cracking. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning Charlamagne. It'll be here in a second morning, everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave and we have Lauren Lar filling in. What up Lauren? Good morning now. Now let's get in some front page news.


What's up Morgan? Good morning. And the Charlamagne. Lauren, how y'all feeling this morning? Blessed Black and highly favored. What's happening, Morgan? Yes. I'm loving the energy. So we've been so caught up in the 2024 presidential race. Let's try not to forget that we have a current sitting president that's still working for the American people. Many of us know someone impacted by cancer, right? Absolutely. So President Biden is pledging $150 million in new federal grants to fight cancer. Adding that cancer surgery is taxing and a challenging procedure. Let's hear more from President Biden folks. It's fair to say one of the most devastating words anyone can hear and is not hyperbole is cancer. And we're moving quickly. 'cause we know all families touched by cancers are in a race against time.


It takes the best surgeon of The World, and it takes us toll on families. As Jill says, it steals time. It steals away hope. Yeah. So President Black, excuse me, Biden made the comments while speaking from Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana and announced that the funding will help develop new technology to help surgeons remove cancerous tumors. It's the latest infusion of funding for Biden's Cancer Moonshot initiative that aims to reduce US cancer death by 50% by the year 2047. Now, the White House says the administration has invested more than $400 million to fast track progress on how to prevent, detect, and treat cancer. We're Dropping the cruise bombs for President Biden.


Had one of my friend, one of my friends who just finished dealing with cancer hit hit. Sent me that yesterday actually. Yeah, send me that. Yeah. Shout out that headline And shout out to all the survivors and You know those who have made that sacrifice or You know those who are heavily impacted by it. Meanwhile, we are asking for policies and we gonna get the policies. Vice President Kamala Harris plans to unveil her economic policy in Raleigh, North Carolina on Friday. It will be the first policy centered speech by the Democratic presidential nominee since she entered the race for the White House after President Biden withdrew. Now, the Harris campaign said the vice president will outline a plan to lower costs for middle class families and take on corporate price gouging over the weekend.


Harris also said she supports eliminating taxes on tips, which is a position that former president Donald Trump actually initiated. And looking ahead to the future. The Olympic flag is officially in Los Angeles, California, where it will live through the end of the 2028 Summer Gaines. Casey Wasserman, the chair of the Los Angeles Olympic Organization Committee says, reality is really well. Reality is starting to set in. Let's hear more from Casey Wasserman. I think it's real. I mean, I think having the flag on board with us, knowing that there's no more, oh, well Paris is first. It's us and we're next. And the days are are gonna go quick. The opening ceremonies in LA's gonna be here before we know it.


The days are not gonna go by quick. The days are gonna go by the same way that they've been going by for the last four years. And I think that we all need to enjoy the moment. Okay. They're just exciting. Don't rush it. 20 years away. That's a long time. Yeah, that's a long time. We got a whole, It's not even built out. Olympic Village is not built out. That's a long time to Yeah, we just won. We Just now don't get me off. I'm the type of person that You know. I like to plan five years, 10 years ahead, but I'm also enjoying the moment. Y'all ain't gonna be making me think about 2028. That's a long time. All right. So La Mayor Karen Bass and the contingent of, and a contingent of the Olympic athletes from Southern California. Return to LAX with the flag on Monday afternoon. Also on the plane were members of the US Olympic and Paralympic committees executives from LA 28 and elected officials.


Bass received the flag from Paris Mayor Ann Hildago during Sunday night's closing ceremony and just a piece of history. Fun fact. It was the first time in Olympic history, the flag has been passed between two female mayors. So what do you think about that? Isn't Dope. I inspired, I saw that on CNN. I was like, that is so cute. That's So funny. Shout out to the ladies. Yeah. Hey, remember, remember in 2021, God made all of us be still and sit our asses down. We wasn't think about 2024. We was just trying to get out that year. We was just trying to get, I'm trying. I Didn't even remember what I was thinking about Exactly. I just Sat here and tried to think about 20. Yeah, 20. 20, 20. Yeah. Yeah. I don't Remember. That's 2021. Yeah, 2021. God said, sit your ass down. No, that was 2020.


God said sit 20. It was 2020. Yeah. 2021. And then 2022. He said, listen, you might be able to go outside a little bit, But I think people are just excited. I know. I was just reading an article. Dr. Dre is already talking about like, he doesn't wanna perform. He wants to be in the Olympics. Yeah. He said What do archery. Yeah. About to archery. Yeah. That's about, that's what robbery, right? Yeah. He'd be what, 97 years old? Shut up, Man. He was doing it in his backyard. We already know Snoop gonna be tapped back in. He gonna get that bag for That man as he should. He did an amazing time. He did an amazing time. I, I enjoyed that. All right. Well, at his front page news, Morgan, we'll see you next hour. Yes. We'll discuss the controversy around Minnesota. Governor Tim Wall's military career and the Pentagon has issued a statement about tensions in the Middle East. So stay tuned.


Alright. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hit us up right now. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your Time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this Rob from New Orleans. What up fellas? Rob from New Rob, man, what's up? What's happening? What's A lady here? What's bad with y'all? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning, man. I wanna talk to y'all, bro. Football season coming up.


You know Both of y'all ass for this year. Dallas Cowboys going to the Super Bowl, baby. I Ain't gonna see. I'm gonna Be at the, I'm gonna be at the Dallas Games. I'm gonna be at the Dallas game. I can't miss the Giant game. But it's, I'm gonna be at the Dallas game, Joe. We going to and against our boys. Lauren, who is your football team? I don't have, no, I I don't have no football team. Yeah. From Delaware gonna be With me. You If you Gonna be with me. Even if most people in Delaware be with the Eagles, but I just, that is true. I'm not like a Oh, we, we gonna get them too. We on, they on the schedule too. So we going three no against Y'all. We gonna bust your ass. But we not, I know we not going to no Super Bowl, but that's all right. Yeah, we not going either, but we just, we just gonna beat, we just gonna beat the Cowboys. Y'all Are not beating the Cowboys.


September 15th, 1:00 PM Dallas Cowboy Stadium, baby at T Stadium. You're not beating nothing. Dallas baby. Yes sir. I will be there. I will be there. Yes sir. Alright Brother. Have a good one Man back. Lemme give, lemme gimme a hat or something, Man. I got, I'm gonna send you a copy of my new book. Get Honest Tody Line watch Small Talk sucks. Yeah, that'll Work. A hat. You gonna make him read. Hold On. All right. Because the books are here. I don't, I don't know where the hat's at. We got, the hats are on black effect.com though. But I don't know where they at, but I don't know where they at. You can order 'em, but I don't know exactly where they at to put my hands on. I can put my hands on the book. Hello? Who's this? What up? Envy? This is Kassan from Detroit. Good morning, Kassan. What up though? What up? Good morning, Peace King. How are you? I'm good.


You doing good? I'm blessed black and highly favored my brother. All right. Where Lauren at? I'm right here. You ain't say nothing to me, Lauren. Good morning. I was calling. I had to call to tell you that I love you. My vote was for you to be on The Breakfast. Club just got it. And that's cool. But I love how informed you are, how you always own it and love you on The, Breakfast Club. Thank you. Well, all four of us together are gonna be a dynamic. What is that? It's not T Quad. It's quad something. I don't wanna For real quad. I just made that up. But I like that though. Quadri. It's quadri. It makes sense. It's, it's gonna be all four of us. Yeah. Yeah. I also, I wanted to say happy third birthday to my nephew pre his birthday is on the 19th, so happy birthday to him.


Birthday to him. All right, brother. Have a a good one. Alright, have A good day. You too. Bye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, OG Hart from Memphis, Tennessee. djj my dog. Man, good to hear from you, bruh. What's up, bro? Hey, I'm calling in. What time is it in Memphis? This has a black boulder from Memphis, from Tennessee to let Charlemagne know stop tap dancing with these inter intellect.


These, these, these big man, y'all gonna have to put some respect on that man name. This is y This his second time coming up there and y'all disrespecting, bro. It it gotta stop. Y gotta stop. This was his third time. Y'all disrespect him. What? We dis we didn't disrespect Ain't Tyler, man, you be tap dancing like ka. Man, you gotta cut that stuff out, bro. You ain If you on Kamala payroll or something? Kamala cut it out, bro. Like for real. Kamala you mean Kamala? The you be doing, you gotta stop And I thought you was my og. Lemme Ask you. I thought you, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. So you calling up here yelling and screaming at me about maga, but I'm the one tapped dancing. Hey Maga. What, what's wrong with making America great again?


Hey, the gas prices. Hey, hey. When is the cost of living? Listen, listen, listen. When, when has America ever been great for your black ass? My, it's been great for me. In 2016 when I made a hundred thousand dollars when Donald Trump came in office, And, I wasn't listening to the media tell me that, oh, this was somebody to hate. T said it himself. I'm Donald Trump and the white and white, the conversation is money won't son. He said, come on bru. Like, we not gonna act like that. He said, he y'all gonna stop right now. What? What all sudden we just wait day and just act like we gonna hate him. And Kamala has never identified as black. You need to stop Saying that. She has tell Me one video, but she said she's black. She a black Woman said that.


What time about talking about everybody? Everybody, everybody calm down Kind heart. Everybody Calm down. Name is kind Heart If. you Oh, Kind Hart from Memphis. You not gonna call up? I'm one of your students, my boy. You not gonna call up here yelling and screaming at me about these white racist supremacist crackers and call and tell me I'm tapped in. You couldn't wait to say crack With. It just ain't, it ain't to be respected like, nah, having a conversation. Black conservative podcast. Okay? Black conservative Kind hard. You have a good one. You know I'm gonna be in Memphis with Keylock for the car show. You got family to bring the kids out to the car, show The kids every, I'm going to come to you and I'm gonna show you some love. Right dog. I promise you, man.


I'm Not arguing about politics with you there though, dude. Don't even, We ain't gonna argue about no politics. Like we here to show you love. Right, dog. Bring kiss. I'm gonna get you some barbecue. Bring you a bottle, bro. Alright. You understand me? I'm I'm, I'm gonna show love. Thank you bro. I'm gonna see you Then. I do, I do wonder why, why, why? He feels like if I'm talking in support of one candidate, I'm tap dancing. But when he talks in support of a candidate, it's okay. That don't make no sense to you. Why you trying to, why you trying to argue with OG Kyle? I'm Not arguing with, I'm just, I'm just trying like I was gonna Say it's 'cause you black, but he damn sure was black. Yes. Leave og con hard alone. And listen, Kamala does have policies that I like. I like that she wants to rebuild the middle class. I like that. She wants You know everybody to have the opportunity to own a business.


I like that. She wants everybody to have the opportunity to own a house. I like that. She wants to put more money in working class people pockets. And by the way, those have been her policies and her, her, her idea since 2020 when I was on the campaign trail with her back then. I like that. Yo, Anytime you get like anywhere near politics, people just start picking so much apart. I couldn't be a Politician. I'm not like that. It's, It's too much. You gotta be able to hear both sides. You gotta be able to listen to both sides and, and what, what we always say is you ju you, you vote your interest, you vote what? What resonates with you? And Critique both sides. I thought me and Vic had a great conversation. I thought it Was a great conversation too. Hello, who's this? This is Terrance. Good morning. Berkeley Club family. How y'all doing? What's up Terrance? Get it off your chest. Yeah, I was calling to get Drake don the other day.


What up though? Drake? I'm giving Drake donkey other day. Whoa. What Drake do Now Is, well first of all, what's up? But this ain't donkey today. This is get it off your chest. Same, different. Oh, Okay. Well I'm letting, well Drake, honestly, didn't he come out with new music? He did come out with song kind sorta. He come here, he did get my, Yeah, Three. Okay. The thing, the problem I got is in hip hop you gotta get your get back first. Did he hear with o Stand for? It's over my brother. Man, That's over. That's right. It's over. It's over. That, that, that beef battle is Done. Yeah, it's over. He lost. Oh, okay. So he left it alone. Now he Ain't had no choice. He lost that fan square. Oh. Oh. The man been labeled as having man, so I'm gonna leave that alone. Goodbye Terence. Alright.


Jesus. Did he say man, he did say Manina. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? Yes, we do. Kehlani has filed for, filed some documents to get a protective order against her child's father. So we are gonna get into all of that back and forth. Alright, We'll get into that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It it's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in. Wow. Just as on maternity leave. Let's And drop one the cruise bombs for Big Glow. Damnit. I love Goa Gorilla. That's my spirit animal. Her and Ray gone.


The girl that was break dancing in the Olympics. That Shit, that's Well real. Ain't Ray gone? My spirit animal. Why Is Ray Gonen your spirit? Because Ray gone be moving to the beat of her own drum. Man, I saw a video of her dancing in the street that I just posted on my Instagram. I really enjoyed that video. I enjoyed that video of her dancing in the street more than her dancing in the Olympics. Okay. I like people that don't give a damn. Just show your stupid ass. Just don't, you don't even care. You out here playing just or playing all the time, playing in the Olympics, playing in the street. You just like to play. All Right, well let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News Is real. Jessica Moore. Jess don't do no lie. Don't she don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. So some more relationship drama to kick it off today. And just with the mess, Kani is going through it with her child's father. His name is Jevon. And she just was awarded a court order protection from him. And this court order protection makes it where he cannot go within a hundred yards of her or their daughter. Nor can he be in contact with her Keani. Also, because of this court order was granted full custody of their daughter, at least until they go to court. So some background. When Keani filed this, she alleged that the child's father flew into like this rage after she came to him asking him about a document that she got in the mail that said that he had applied for public assistance.


She claims that he was living with her like in her back house and all that he would do all day is like smoke weed, douche shrooms and, and kept the back house dirty. She says that like the baby girl would go over in the back house with him sometimes. And when she would come back over to Kalani's house, the baby girl would smell like a ton of weed. She says that he gets high sometimes and had goes on these like off the wall religious rants. He, she also alleges that he picks up their daughter sometimes from school and then won't communicate like where they're going after. So Kani sometimes doesn't even know where he is with their daughter. She says that he's disturbing her peace of mind. It, it, it's, it's a lot here. Now, Jevon got online and he made claims and posted text messages that are allegedly between him and Kani.


And there's another text between him and Kalani's. Ex Jayvon is the baby daddy. Jabon is the baby daddy. Okay, so basically you got something on your lip. Thank you. You are Welcome. Oatmeal. So, so, so in the first group of text messages with Jayvon, the baby daddy and Kani, they're having a conversation about this. A time when whoever 'cause Kani is saying that when he got upset about her asking about the public assistance, he like bust through her door. And like You know made this whole scene, he's basically saying like A Kool-Aid man. What? Hmm. Continue. Okay, he's saying that that is not what happened. He's alleging that Kehlani was the one who barged barged through a door.


And that's how all of that stuff happened. He's also claimed


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artist in their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@coql.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. Have the great outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owners' manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Marandi is Dead then it's probable then whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up, lock her Up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes, I'll Hold featuring the star-studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean Patrick Doyle, Brad Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rodsky, Leah, Daria, Leia Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick em, lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the heart of America. Latinos and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present I'm from television debut at Listen to NATO as part of Michael ura podcast Network in the applic on iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business? And Butter Nos is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. Over my career I've built and helped run multiple seven figure businesses that leverage culture and built successful brands. Now I wanna share what I've learned with you and on butter nos we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. On every episode we get the inside scoop on how these leaders tap into culture to build something amazing. From exclusive interviews to business breakdowns, we'll explore the journey of turning passion for culture into business. Whether you're just getting started or an established business owner, omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. This is butter. Not listen to omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Claiming that he was early on saying that there needed to be a third party in between them for communication. Saying that You know she just makes things really difficult when it comes to their child. He also said that he wanted to set up a third party communication when it came to like the baby's scheduling, activ any scheduling activities, school. He basically just didn't wanna be in contact with Kehlani because he felt like she had a tendency of like lying on him and just alleging different things. And then he posted these conversations between him and who was supposed to be her ex. And he's saying that she alleges rape and she alleges abuse anytime she's upset about something. So They definitely need a third party. They definitely need a a, a mediator. They need somebody else there.


You know, I guess not to corroborate the stories, but just to make sure none of that type of stuff flies. But, and by the way, both of them should want that. Both of them should want a mediator because it sounds like they can't, they're not capable of dealing with each other right. One on one. But they moved him out the back house though, right? So they don't see each other anymore like that. Right? I I mean, I'm assuming so because he has to be a hundred yards away from her. We don't know how far the back house is from the house. I'm assuming that he's not in that back house anymore. I'm just talking. Yeah, because she said that like in in in the filing, she put in the filing that like she had blocked him some time ago and like all that stuff. So it, it makes it seem like there had already been some separation, but she did all of this separation. Yeah, because from how Kani feels, it seems like she's worried that he just goes off the rails.


But he's saying that she has a tendency to like lie and make accusations when has, when she has nothing else to do. So, and then Keani came online not too long ago, a few hours ago, and she posted in response. She said, I did not make a statement nor did I go to TMZ about my business because TMZ originally reported this story. Now they originally reported this from docs that were filed. So she's claiming that All I got outta everything you just said is they definitely need some type of mediator. They are clearly not able to just co-parent just with just each other. And it's so, and it's all about the child at the end of the day. So they need a mediator. Yeah. And the baby's five. So the baby's so like, it, it is definitely time for a mediator, but it's just so insane to me because I remember when like Kani first got pregnant and there was like the conversation around him, I thought that this was gonna be a cool situation for her because it seemed like they were just kind of like two friends who decided to like be together and have a kid.


Like, and now all of this is happening. So they definitely not friends right now. Mm. So that's a little, I don't know, but I hope they figure it out. Moving on. Prize has dropped a dis track to the legend. Lauren Hill Prize is a legend Two though. It's called Bar Mitzvah. Man, I know. Studios hate to see Paws coming without the Es like If. you gonna do a record that You know is gonna end up all over the blogs because you threw a shot at Lauren. At least make it good You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. That wasn't it at all. At least make it good. That wasn't it at all. But I That beat hard though. That beat is hard Though because he sampled a classic record. I know. What was that? That beat hard.


All right, Well let me get on It. You can't, it's called Bar Mitzvah. You got it. That bar need to be closed. He, I mean so the one bar, whoa, the one bar don't blame. Well, okay. I mean it's not like, it's don't blame me, blame her. She made the mess. Another penny is what I told. Why clef? I'm not spending another Fing Penny. That's what I told. Why Cliff? It Ain't, I'm not mad at that. It ain't that bad. Well, well Paws tied to Lauren messing the money up. That's What it's, that's it is. So, so basically you guys know that their 18 city tour was recently canceled. Lauren Hill came out and said, 'cause when it was canceled, everybody was like, well shoot, she don't show up. She's late, blah blah blah. So it makes sense that it was canceled in North America. So then Lauryn Hill came out and she said it was canceled because the media sensationalizes things about her that are not true and that has negatively affected how like the fans are looking at her in certain areas.


What's not true Lauren? That you show up to shows late all the time and you've been doing that for 20 plus years. Like, I don't know how, I don't know how Lauryn Hill still has the consumer trust that she has. Meaning, I don't know why people still buy tickets to the shows when they go on sale because she's still A legend. She's still a icon. People still want to see it, but You still gotta respect your audience. I agree. That's unprofessional. But that's the reason why people still go out and see it. Because regardless, She stay leaving. Y'all hanging. She do. Well she worth, she nevermind she worse than a black father. But that, but that's not true. We defied that stereotype. Damn You a black father. I'm a black father. What you talking about? Jesus. Wow. Alright. We defied that stereotype. You up here first. You up here dancing for the people Now you just degrading your black men You Know what bothered me the most outta that whole what? This that prize, this therapist therapy is great.


We all needed a therapy. He said he got a head doctor. Man, And. I. Wait, can I go back also? That's why I be talking to y'all niggas like this You. know what I'm saying? Y'all both said that in unison. Like he, he said he got a head doctor. Wait, y'all like that was, it was a, I Tell y before, as we wrap Kani, I want to update. Kani did kick out the, the baby daddy boyfriend. He did get kicked out of the house. You asked me was he still living in the back house? He's he is not back in the back house anymore. Why you looking at me like that? 'cause we was just having a fun open hand. He just Going on. Spoiler You know. Spoiler. I got a complete, I got a complete my Story middle. And also too, y'all phone was, it was childish.


Debbie Downer. It was very childish. Debbie Downer Having some fun at s Expense. Hold on guys. I gotta say one thing. You know what I mean? Kalani did kick him out the house. Shout out to the journalist. Shout out to the journalist why, who know how to complete a story. Let We come back. We got front page news and then Michael Rubin will be joining us at The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, You are checking out. The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa filling in and let's get in some front page news. What up Morgan Woods? Hey y'all. Hey. Good to be back. So Democratic Vice presidential nominee Tim Walls says he's proud of his military career, his record.


Let's salute Tim Walls for his service. He addressed the recent questions about his military career from the Trump campaign while in Los Angeles, California on Tuesday. Let's hear more from Minnesota Governor Tim Walsh. I signed up for the Army National Guard two days after my 17th birthday. I served for the next 20 or four years for the same reason all my brothers and sisters in uniform do we love this country. Country. And. I firmly believe you should never denigrate another person's service record. Anyone brave enough to put on that uniform for our great country, including my opponent? I just have a few simple words. Thank you for your service and sacrifice. You know I have no problem with people questioning Tim Wall's military record if they feel like You know he said something sketchy.


But the problem I have with this discussion is Tim Walls bought up his military record to simply say Weapons of war are weapons I used in war shouldn't be in the hands of civilians. Correct. How did we let them deflect and distract from that point, the actual conversation that we should be having about You know weapons of war and not be in the hands of civilians? How do we let them deflect from that to turn into people questioning Tim Wall's military record. It's the real Housewives effect Controversy. Sales. I don't understand but I I agree with 'em a thousand percent. I don't feel like civilians should be carrying weapons that should be used at war. I don't. There's no reason for even If you using it for, for hunting you. You're not shooting a deer 110 times or a beer 110 times. You don't need those type of weapons in my opinion.


And this is where Republicans win. This is where the Donald Trumps and the JD Banton, all of them win because they get you talking about what they want to talk about as opposed to whatever issue you're bringing up. Right? Tim Walls brings up weapons of war and how people shouldn't have weapons war in the street. And all of a sudden it's like you didn't carry no weapons war. You lied about your record and now we've been talking about this for the whole week. Well, white Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vance has suggested that Walls inflated his credentials and that he abandoned his unit ahead of his deployment to Iraq, avoiding serving in a war zone or to avoid serving in a war zone. The Harris campaign changed Wall's bio, which discussed his military rank after the questions first arose now wall served in the Army, national Guard and left service to run for Congress in May of 2005.


Meanwhile, the US is preparing for a potential Iranian attack on Israel. Pentagon Press Secretary Major General Pat Rider told reporters, the US is focused on deescalating the situation in the Middle East. Let's hear more from the Pentagon. Press Secretary During A Phone call on Sunday to Israeli defense minister Yoav Gallant. The secretary reiterated the United States' commitment to take every possible step to defend Israel. Secretary Austin ordered the USS Abraham Lincoln carrier strike Group equipped with F 35 C fighters to accelerate its transit to the central command area of responsibility. Adding to the capabilities already provided by the USS Theodore Roosevelt Carrier Strike Group.


These US military force posture adjustments are designed to improve US force protection to increase our support for the defense of Israel and to ensure the United States is prepared to respond to a wide variety of contingencies. Yeah, so as Ms mentioned, the guided missile submarine and aircraft carrier strike group have been deployed to the region as Israel braces for retaliatory attacks from Iran and its proxies following the assassination of senior members of Hamas and Hezbollah. The Biden administration said an attack could come as soon as this week. This comes at the same time. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken is approving almost $20 billion of a a weapons sale to Israel. The deal will include F 15 fighter jets, air to air missiles, tactile vehicles and other explosives.


A a press release from the State Department said the US is committed to the security of Israel. Adding that it is vital to US national interest to assist Israel to develop and maintain strong and ready self-defense capability. Now hold on. Is it aid Morgan or did I I read that they sold $20 billion of water. 20 billion. $20 billion weapons sale to Israel. Yes. Where does that money go When America sells $20 billion in weapons to Israel, where does the money go? Whose pockets is that money go in and what y'all need my tax dollars for? If y'all making that kind of money. If they make that much money, do do, do we tax them? Like do That's what I want to do. Do we have To tax that $20 billion? They Don't wait. They gotta pay taxes.


They just made 20 billion. But if they pay taxes too, they're the government. So is it like they're paying taxes to their Homies? Once again, what do they need our tax dollars for? If they making that kind of money, I ain't been nobody taxing them. That's $20 billion Free cash free. Because they gonna take at least 40% of that. Ain't No fica. Yeah, ain't no FICA taking no money outta that 20 billion. Yeah, that's like eight, 9 billion in tax. Nah, we need our tax money. I Really wanna know where the money goes though. I don't know. I really do. I wanna know where that money goes. Like when they make a sale like that, where does that money go to? That's what I really wanna know. I I'm gonna fi I'm gonna find that one out for you. It's a sign of the Times and in other nos news in incorporating the signs of the times. Did you guys know that Chuck E Cheese is launching membership deals? We Ain't got Nah Chuck.


Chuck, we ain't got time for that chain. I Thought they was going on a business. The family entertainment chain will offer unlimited visits for a monthly fee beginning at $8 for the bronze package and $30 for the Gold package. The passes include a specified number of games per visit and discounts on food and drinks depending on what membership tier or package you get. They can be used at over 470 participating locations in the us. Chuck, Chuck E Cheese gotta rebrand. Oh it is not popping anymore like that. When my, when my oldest ones were younger, they would like Chuck E Cheese, Chuck E. Cheese, my my New mm my new younger ones. Chuck, Chuck E. Cheese still popping. Y'all like The mouth popping. Mm. As long as they don't bring back those animatronics like we good on those. And Mr. Chuck E Cheese popping the problem with Chuck E. Cheese, it's like a, just an occasional thing. Like you go on occasion, you go when it's a kid's birthday or something like that.


Like I don't want don't need a membership To go every month. The place taking over the Urban air and all of them have taken over like the average. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Weekend kids don't wanna go to Chuck E. Cheese every weekend. Kids Ain't gonna Chuck E Cheese no more. They wanna go to, but that's probably why they're doing it though. All them other things they not. It makes sense because If you doing the membership, I'm sure you're saving money by buying the membership. So then they're bringing the kids there more and then now they're, 'cause they're trying to get back in front of like the urban airs and all that. Well They need, might need to add some air, they might need to add like little jumpy things. Yeah. Trampoline Type of thing. More interactive games. More interactive. Yeah. They're tired of them video games. Yeah, they need more interactive Stuff. Make it like that movie. What's that movie was that horror film that was based off Chuck E Cheese? Well y'all know what I'm talking about. No, they need to do something like that. Like maybe turn Chuck E Cheese into like a haunted house and scare All the kids. What kids go want to go to Haunted house, age two, Call 'em little robots and stuff they got in there.


Like just make it like a fun haunted house type of thing. Five nights at Freddy's. That's the name of the movie. Y'all remember five nights at Freddy's? No, five nights at Fred. Five nights at Freddy's is a horror movie that came out a couple of years ago and it basically was a horror movie but it was Chuck E. Cheese, like make Chuck E Cheese the actual five nights at Freddie Place. Like a haunted establishment. So people will go in there and like, it'll be like a what's some houses you try to get out of them? Scared houses. Haunted houses. Yeah. Haunted houses. Escape rooms. Escape rooms. Yes. Making it something like that. Yeah. But escape rooms are more for teenagers, not for kids. You, you do some scary stuff. My 3-year-old ain't going back to Chuck E. Cheese. They Don't have the little animals and stuff like that no more. Right, because Those animatronics Yeah that the, that stuff was I But then it wouldn't, That was already scary. Like you didn't have to make it. That was scary enough yo that yeah Maybe, maybe you cater towards a little bit more of a young adults Then now make it more interactive.


If. You make it a If, you make it like a five nights at Freddy. Themed horror haunted for young adults. They Going young Dj, they going be near rocking their hips. They knock. I definitely like the, the idea of an adult arcade for sure. Yeah, that's that. Follow. See y'all know what Kahuna ville is? No, that was a Delaware thing. Okay, nevermind. Alright, Well that's your front page news Morgan, Be on social media. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, be sure you're locked into the black Information network@binews.com. Talk to y'all Later. All right, now when we come back, Michael Rubin will be joining us. Fanatic Fest is this weekend and we'll talk to him about all that. So don't move is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Justis is on maternity leave. So we got Lauren LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Our guy, The founder and CEO of fanatics. And he is doing a fanatic fest at the Jacob JT Center this weekend, Saturday and Sunday. Your favorite athletes, artists, celebrities will be in the building. You could get things autographed, they'll be selling merch and it's perfect 'cause I'm doing my car show this weekend. So there's a lot of things to do. They can go to your car, my car show your fanatic fest. But ladies and gentlemen, Michael Rubin, welcome. Glad to Be here. How you feeling? Always loved being here. Feeling great. Voice change. You did not sound like that. Michael. What did that your announcer voice.


Glad to be here. What was that? That's my, I'm ready. My announce for us. Let's go man. Now you said I forgot something. What did I forget? It's actually Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Oh, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Yeah. What Are you, is the car show big on Friday? It's Just Saturday. My car show. Just Saturday. Okay. I thought you just, I thought you were trying to like kill off competition On Friday. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Friday Saturday season now We're, we're, we're pumped for this weekend. This is really exciting. You know for me, new York's my favorite city in The World to kind of do something that's never been done. There's really not a sports festival anywhere in The. World never. I've seen And you have this, and we think about this, you have so many other festivals. You have Comic-Con, which takes over in New York City gets a quarter of a million people. That's right. You've got ComplexCon, which I'm gonna go to in, in November and Vegas. You've got You know all the music festivals you've got South by Southwest. And.


I. Don't know why no one's ever done this in sports, you've got the trading card shows, which they have a thousand of in the country. But I went to a trading card show. There's a big trading card show called The National, which gets 150,000 people. Is that The one in Atlantic City? It was in Atlantic City a couple years ago. Yep. Yep. It was in Cleveland a few weeks ago. So Change of cities each year. And you walk in there, you're like, this is nuts. There's 150,000 people. But it looks like when I went to high school, so it hasn't really changed since like the nineties. And so I basically went to ComicCon in New York City and said we gotta do the same. We gotta do the same thing for sports. So this is gonna be our first time doing it Jaff. It's this weekend we're gonna have like 200 of the best athletes, celebrities, artists coming through. All the leagues are coming.


I mean you got Tom Brady's gonna be throwing footballs to kids for an hour on Wow. Friday KD and an with their Olympic medals coming in Saturday, they're gonna be playing basketball with kids, football with kids. You've got, I I, I actually last night said this is nuts. I actually have a bunch of NBA players call me and say, Hey, can I play basketball? Can I play football with kids? Like normally you're trying to get people to come do these things and we've got the best streamers in The World coming and we've got so many of the big, we've got Ian Ross coming, curu Ski Coming Sketch coming. We're gonna announce a few really big additional streamers that are coming. So like to me, just to bring everyone, everyone together is awesome. What is Fanatics Express exactly though? Like what is it? It's just a giant sports festival. Okay. Celebrating sports. Yeah. It's just, it, it's it for me it's like what would you want every sports fan to dream of doing if they could just not be the actual sports event and come so you've got like NFL will be there and you can You know, see all the Super Bowl rings since they've had the Super Bowl.


All the Lombardi trophies. I see Tom, Brady, Eli, and Peyton. Is that true? Yeah. Wow. Absolutely. Now how would that work? Because I seen them sign an autographs. So you can buy an autograph sign jersey there or they just win jerseys. So I think for Eli and Peyton, you can sign up to either get your picture with them and pay. You can pay to get your picture with them or an autograph. Tom's just coming in. Tom's gonna be interviewed by Stephen A. Smith on the main stage. Then he's gonna be doing football with kids. He'll be, I think he actually wants to walk around and look at trading cards 'cause he's really into, into trading cards. So he'll be there all day Friday. I'm sure you guys know we're popping up to 40 40. I expect to see you guys there this weekend. Jay's gonna be hosting it. I saw all weekend. It's gonna be nuts. And You know. Jay called me, he's like, look, I love 40 40, I wanna do something special.


You know, why don't we set this up for people that are reporting to him. People You know the athletes and celebrities that are coming through to support us. Our most important gamblers. I think you guys know Jay and Dez own part of our gambling business. Absolutely. And, and so You know it's kind of, you think about having like Jay-Z hosting 40, 40 Travis Scott Quavo, bunch of other artists that you guys You know all spent a lot of time with. But then having You know guys like Brady and Peyton and Eli, lots of other football players having KD and Anne and AI and Julius Irving. Think about Kareem Abdul Jabbar. Really? Yeah, he's Coming. Mike Tyson. Yeah. And Jake Paul. They're doing the pr I can't wait for that. I was just with Jake at the Olympics. I could tell you if he looked like he looked at the Olympics walking out of the bar we walked out of at 5:00 AM in the morning.


Don't say it You know. I, I don't know. I could be worried for him, but I mean, I called to make fun of him yesterday. I said, yo, that, that did not look good for You. Oh, I thought you were gonna say he got Mike Tyson. No, no, no. But that's what I said. Don't say it. No, no, No. What I no, what I was No, no, no. He, he walked out. There was very funny videos of him online stumbling out of Oh, he probably was faking. Yeah. No, no, no. He wasn't faking. He he Wasn't faking. No, he Definitely wasn't faking. No, he, he, he, he, he's a sloppy drunk. Got you. Oh, he's gonna get knocked out then. Yeah. So is this No, I don't, I don't, I don't think I just, I think he's not drinking before his fight. Yeah. Haw Hogan's gonna be there too. Lk Hogan's gonna be there by the way. Cody Rhodes is gonna be there. Ray Mysteria is gonna be there. I've had a couple of the artists like Yo Ray Mysteria, we love Ray Mysterious. So like You know, it's, we have 25 wrestlers coming.


We've got the UFC Champ coming You know the Alex Pereira there, there's Holly Holmes coming. I mean, it's in every sport. We've got great people coming. But then that league activation also amazing. Like just You know, You know NBA set up there to have different skills, competitions. And I've always got skills competitions, hockey, soccer, I think, wow. By the way, punching, how hard can you punch the UFC bag? How hard can you slap? So it's, it's gonna be everything. Thank you. The fanatics too. You know I do my back to school Drive in my hometown amongst corner every weekend. I don't even know If, you noticed this, but Fanatics donated a bunch of backpacks. I didn't know that. But whatever you guys need, we're always there for you guys. 'cause you guys are great friends of, of and family. So we're always there. And They did it specific to like Carolina teams.


So like the Gamecocks and the Hornets and Oh, that's dope fire. Yeah. So thank you. I love that. Absolutely. I love that. Yeah. Now how does this differ from the white party Michael Rubin? So, so look, the white party, this Is way different. You're not invited. Kids can go, you're not invited to the white party, but you invited to this. Ruben invites me to everything. Me too. You, You guys are generally invited to everything. The one thing I'll say is like fanatics Fest. It's just how do you create this incredible sports gathering? And you don't have that other than actual games. And I think there's so many things that you can do at a Super Bowl or a MLB All Star game or an NB All Star game for that each sport. But no one brings it all together. And then generally it's pretty hard to get the athletes, the artists, the players to come through and really support. So we try to do a bunch of special things like You know Travis Scott's launching Cactus Jack exclusive trading cards at Fanatics Fest on Saturday.


Those are gonna be, and those cards, people are going crazy for those cards. I've never had more people hit me up and say, yo, how do I get those cactus jack MLB trading cards that you're launching at


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artist and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeul.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and so in the scenery you have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide an owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say, Brittany Christina, That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bassey, Tina And again, Madonna. Cindy on Whitney Houston. Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sass. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's so much camp potential with him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like You squint and everyone can be a bch Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator. And, I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. Whether you're get down to sex, drugs, alcohol, love, addiction, self-hate codependency, or anything else of that matter, I wanna help you wake up And. I want to help you get free. I want to help you unleash your potential, overcome obstacles and achieve your goals. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. So join me on the Cino Show where each week we'll feature a compelling individual with an even more noteworthy story that will be sure to inspire and educate. Listen to the Cino show every Wednesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of Mexicano Across Borders, the Heart of America, the Latino and his catch phrase are part of our culture. But Sonoro e Hearts podcast network present, I'm from television debut. Listen to NA as part of my podcast network and Applic on iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts or wherever you stream podcasts, An attics fest.


So there's a lot of exclusive products as well. So it's really trying to just create lots of things for everybody. Like one of the cool things when I went to this, this show that used to be in Atlantic City was in Atlantic City that was in Cleveland a few weeks ago. I saw two guys in full Oakland age uniforms. Mm. And I called my guys up. I'm like, yo, everyone dresses for Comic-Con. How do we get every everyone to dress for Fanatics Fest? Mm. And so literally I just went out and said, look, anyone who comes in a full team uniform or a super fan uniform, we're gonna take the best dressed person each hour on hour and bring them back to meet one of their You. know truly. Oh that's, that's smart. So someone comes in a Tom Brady outfit and they've got the, the You know the helmet and the jersey and the pads and paint pants and everything where they come in a crazy Patriots.


We may bring 'em back to meet Tommy. Someone comes in a paint manning outfit. Cheesehead something. What do 10 people do that And I pick the best one dressed each hour. Okay, gotcha. So we're, so we're gonna do it. It's, it's basically like 25, 30 people for the weekend and we got 200 athletes there. So it can be easy for us to, and by the way, if we see crazy stuff, maybe we do more than one an hour. So it's just like creating those experience. Think about If. you are a diehard Julie serving fan You know you just, you Julie serving is the person you looked up to and you come in and full Julie serving Alfred and we bring you back to meet Dr. J. I mean, how cool is that? Or Al Anderson, let's go. Yeah. Who's playing basketball with kids on, on Sunday? So we wanna make sure we just create incredible experiences that nobody else can. And I thought I said this is a sports combine. Yeah, well I mean, what Teddy with me? Well because you've got, each league is there. So you've got the NFL, the N-B-A-N-H-L-M-O-S-W-E-U-F-C-M-L-B all there with activation.


So you really be like, like I know a lot of the streamers are coming through And I. People tell like right now about who's gonna beat who in different competitions. Right now I got money on Quavo as a, now that he's a streamer, I got money. He's very athletic. He's he, he, he wins a lot of athletic competitions. I told Aiden Ross, he's gonna take a lot of abuse from a lot of people this weekend when he told me he was gonna come and show up strong in, in, in sports. So it's gonna be fun to see who, who, who shows strong and who's who has my athletics. It's not A real combine. Like people people are gonna be doing there, scouts there and they Like No, but people gonna be doing the 40 yard day. Like, I mean You know you have old slow guys like me and then you're gonna have super fast You know streamers that are tearing it up in the, so there's gonna be a lot of competitions there. Alright, We got more with Michael Rubin when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast.


Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we're still kicking it with Michael Ruben. Lauren, How long is the fest? Because I know the, the white party is 13 hours So I specialize in long of it. First all the white party's a test of seeing what you're made of. And I'll tell you, you Drank the full 13 people drink the full 13 hours. Definitely. Wow. So the white party starts at 5:00 PM and it ended at 6:00 AM this year. And there were probably 300 people when it ended. And there's only, there was less than 400 people at the total party. So that when you have CEOs of some of the best consumer companies together with You know best artists, best athletes together with just iconic business people, like a lot of things come from that.


We've also made created a lot of relationships out of there too. A lot of marriages, relationships I heard For sure heard you sitting with Donovan Mitchell and Coco Jones. Well I moba Tom Brady. I I know, I know Moba Mob Baba met his I think now wife there. Yes. I, I read the rumors of what I see out there. People who, who met at the right place. So I love that. But do you e even more the business relationships that come out of there and, and you, to me, there's so many great relationships that are started and created there. And that to me is like the test of are we doing well? We helping people get to know each other are great business outcomes coming for them. And, I love doing that. You see that, look, you guys have all been at my Super Bowl party. You see that there were a lot of You know great business opportunities come from that as well.


Do you, 'cause so the business relationships come out of it's good vibes. But like when you see stuff online like Drake was there this year and everybody was like, oh, they weren't allowed to play not like us. Like does that stuff bother you? And was that even true? It was true. And and, and look for me, look, I'm always You know. I I just don't think You know Drake's my friend for a long time. I'm not gonna invite him and then have You know, You know he's, look, he's obviously going through he's he's going through a little bit of battle right now. I'm not gonna have him come there and and and and And be in battle more battle mode. That's what Supposed to do though. I just think there was, I think it was appropriate. So I just sent a note. I said, Hey, let's not play You know anyone's music This's Feud with anyone that's there. I mean look, you got a lot. But That was a you decision. It wasn't like Drake was like, don't Play this. No, that was a me decision. I just thought it was the appropriate thing.


I will, I will tell you the day before we had a small barbecue for a few hours. That was supposed to be 30 people turned into 200 people and went for about 10 hours the night before. That was the pregame to the, to the white party. And they turned the music on just like in my house. Like it was, I put they put Rap caviar and not like us came on. It was like in the middle of not like us. I'm like get That off, get that off. He was, Drake was there. He he he was pulling up soon. Oh yeah. So You had it on your playlist. No it wasn't on My Don't do that. I see you try to throw me under the bus like that. Did you see the memes of your pictures with Drake? Are you and Drake And everybody's like, Drake look so sad. He had A, by the way, he had a great time. Look you got, if there's one thing I've, somebody just said something to me about social media.


You gotta be built for social media. You gotta be tough. One of the things people don't understand about my personality, I actually like the abuse. I actually like it doesn't bother me at all. Drake is an iconic artist that we all have tremendous respect for. You know, obviously you can't what I said to Drake, And I really believe this is, this is a great test for him. Like you can't get to where he's got to not have people coming for you. I know You know I sleep with one eye open. I know right now You know we're in three businesses. People coming for me in every business every day. And that's part of You know with success comes You know more competition, more hatred and You know the best people show why they're the best and and if you're not the best, you crack and you fall apart. Right? So I think this is a great test for him.


I think You know he's gonna come out with You know lots of incredible music. And I think people be fine, right? I think people are gonna say that's why Drake is Drake. So I think social media. So I like that test for Him. I think social media bothers you a little bit. 'cause one thing I did notice from the White party, I didn't see any hugs. There was no hugs from the back. Listen, I didn't see Mike So no, no one was a bigger hugger than me. I will say I pay attention to everything. And I thought people right or wrong. I think that was pathetic. I think it was a joke. Oh how Do he attack little baby? Yeah. Look By the way You know what I hate when watching a black person try to take a black person down. That's baby is one of the best human beings in the planet. There's not a person who will always do more for his community. Who's a great human being who works his ass off.


And here's what happened with Baby. Baby did great and then people came for him. Okay? The one thing I'd say when you're doing great people try to test you. And I. Think that's a great You know I think that's a great character test. And I Think Baby showed Why He's him. Drake's in gonna show Why, why he's him. And You know for me last year was probably the first time people ever came at me. I've generally been You know. I think people have showed me a lot of love and support and You know Last year I realized You know for Max got a little bigger. I became a little more well known. And so, hey it's You know it's easy to try to pick up me for things. So yes I am a little more careful. Now they Do the same thing with Meek. When they keep bringing up the bunny hopping, they say you made him do the bunny hopp. So, so by the way, let's talk about that. There's nobody who's been more tortured this year than me.


Talk about the Diddy thing. Now I know Meek really, really well and I've never been to a Diddy party. He's never been to one of my parties in my life. Grandma on Super Bowl. Not always funny say that of a million. But I wanna get this out there. Okay Meek, I know that guy really, really well. Okay, everyone going mind trying to say, and by the way, if he was gay, who cares? There's not a gay bone in his body. You guys know him like I know him. I've been around him more than anybody. Okay. For people to just like the internet. Like a friend, one of my best friends said to me, I think Meek's gay now. I'm like, why? You know what I say because I've read it 10,000 times. There's not a gay bone in that guy's Bo.


So it's like why do people wanna bring somebody down? Why do people wanna hate on somebody? Why someone go lie on somebody and by talk about the bunny hops. But so now Meek says to me, we're in The Bahamas. He's there with his family. When they were with my family four or five years ago and Meek's learning tennis And, I'm pretty tennis. So we played tennis game. Now this was one pathetic athletic event like If. you wanna see like two horrible tennis players going at it. Somehow it was very close. And so Meek's Sesame at the beginning of the game he says, what do you wanna bet? I'm like, what do you wanna bet? Like I'm not generally a like I don't want to ever take money for my friends or let bet money, but if they want to, he's like, let's do pushups. I'm like great. 50 pushups great. He's actually, let's do bunny hops. I said, what's a bunny hop? He said, how do You know would make Oh idea Meek That a Hundred percent.


I didn't even know what I'd never heard of a bunny hop before. Oh Man. So now we do it. Then when I put it out I like, of course 'cause I was making fun of him 'cause I had no idea what people would turn this into. I put it on my story just making fun of him. Like, yeah, I kicked your ass in tennis. Like it's fun. I actually won something in sports. No one says the thing. Then five years later, You know people wanna, now it's the turn. You know what, who are we gonna hate on this one? So let's hate on me. Oh Meek's Gabe because some guy made up a lie. Okay, so let's hate on him for that and just try to change the narrative. The thing I don't like about that is it doesn't bother me. For me, it bothers me when I see the narrative of a really good friend of mine, like Meek again, if he was gay, which there's not one gay bone in his body, who cares? Number one, let's say if people wanna be gay, this is 2024.


Who the cares? Okay, number two, there's not a gay bone in his body. So like why do people wanna lie about that? Why do people wanna change an narrative? A bet he made with me to try to hurt him. Like that is the one thing I've learned about You know, look, I'm just being blunt 'cause it's me. It's the one thing I've learned about black culture that I don't like is that black Hate on hate. Speak on that more. I heard you say that earlier. And I wanted you to expound on that. You said you don't like to see black people tearing down other black people. Yeah, it's Horrible. Like why? Like it's horrible. Like why? Like I always wanna be helpful. I feel lucky and fortunate to do what I do every day to be whatever success I've had. I feel blessed to do that. And I wanna give back in every way I can in business and in charitable things. I'm always trying to be helpful. Like why does someone wanna bring somebody else down? Let's try to build everybody up. Like I'd be more excited to see one of my friends do something that's 99% less meaningful to me.


But it would be really meaningful to them. 'cause I want them to do great. I want everyone around me to do great. I don't like watching Black Hate on Hate. It's like that black judge that Meek had that hated on him and want to put in go extra hard on him. I think it's terrible. I think it's something that it's, I think it's culturally wrong. And. I. I'm probably get killed for saying this 'cause You know you're You know. I'm glad you're saying it openly. If this is the conversations that are being had. I Have it all the time With that. Yeah, I want to hear this. Yeah, So, so I I I think it's wrong. I think like why do you not wanna build everyone up around you? Why do you not want everyone around you to do great? The best way for everyone to do great is to push each other up. I'm always pushing everyone around me. It's why I spend You know a quarter of my days helping other people. 'cause I want them to do great If.


you think about this, no one ever came at me before last year. Okay, last year we had the bunny hops you brought up, you brought up the hugging little baby From the Back, right? Okay. Which are each completely made up to hurt people. Yet everyone still can't comes out from me because they're real authentic relationships. And. I wanna help everyone in everywhere I can. So to me, if I could say one thing, let's everyone go out with a positive energy. Try to make everyone do great around us and build people up. Let's not try to bring people down. You don't, you don't do better by taking your competition down. You do better by pushing everyone up together. You want all the wind behind your back. Alright, we got more with Michael Rubin when we come back it's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Michael Rubin. His fanatics fest is this weekend.


He's in the building. Charlemagne. So when you see other, when you see black people tearing other black people down, in your mind you'd be like, I would never do business with that person because of how they treat their own people. Well I don't really see the people I'm around tearing people down. What I see is the conversations that we have about people tearing You know, trying to tear them down. You know even if Tam Meek brings that up a lot, meek Doesn't bring it up a lot, but I'll bring up Tamika and be like, look, when you grow up the way Meek did it, you grew up the way baby did it. Like these guys are tough. Okay, You know you grow up. You didn't even think you were gonna make it to the the age you are today. You know you're coming out of a You know, pretty violent background. I think you feel fortunate. But I think the re the reality is they're aware that You know there's a lot of hate that comes with their success.


Even if like someone's trying to get out. I grew up in a ruthless environment and You know I'm trying to improve the people that are around me. It's like then the people that You know you grow up with, they're mad. They want, they wanna take you down 'cause you don't have the same people around you. How about you want to grow and you expand and it doesn't mean you don't wanna help the people around you. Meek, meek does so much of his community. You know a completely different situation, but Baby does so much for his community. Like so I just, that whole thing right really does bother me because I think it's wrong. And, I think it's culturally hurting the outcome of the black community. I think it would be much better if everyone tried to push each other up In the Jewish community. Do do, do you guys support each other more? Do you see more support? I think in most communities people are pretty to support. Like I support everyone around me. I don't care.


Black, white, purple, yellow, gay. I don't care. Like I'm gonna support everyone around me. That's, that's the way I've always been built to push everybody up, to push everyone around me. And, I think that's generally great for me. You know, I think most communities do it that way. I mean you tell me, do you think I'm right or wrong? I, I mean listen, it's uncomfortable to hear you say it as a Jewish man, right? But I can't say that you're wrong. That's why. But one thing I always say is that when I'm talking about like what we call Uncle Tom. Yep. I always say all of these Uncle Tom, black men think white people like that and they don't. They think like people that are in white people are Jewish people, white people, Jewish people who have in positions of power, they think that they like the sell outs amongst us and they don't, they don't like to see a black person selling out another black person.


I, I say that all the time, right? So I was gonna ask you about a, there's a guy named Sid Rosenberg who called Vice President Kamala Harris's husband a bad Jew. So when you hear language like that, is that self-hate amongst Jewish people? I don't have know any of the background to it. I didn't even know her husband was Jewish until he just told me. But You've heard that term before though. You've heard somebody call somebody a bad Jew. I Think people, people have told me I'm a bad Jew in that like the people tell me I'm not doing enough for the Jewish community. You know. People say to me all that you do so much for the black community, you start the reform line. You spend so much money, time, and energy to You know fix the probation parole system. Why haven't you done more for the Jewish community? You know for me I was always great at giving money away. I never did the work. And then when obviously, and you guys know the story so well when You know Meek went to prison for not committing a crime and I'm sitting in that courtroom and watching what was a really close friend of mine You know go to get sent to two to four years prison for property and Will on a motorcycle.


It like that was the most outta control I ever felt in my life because I'm used to in business being able to You know control my own destiny. And I think that's when my whole perspective changed of like really having to not just give money but really make a difference. And I think that's when You know once he got out, we started the Reform Alliance. Now we have this giant Make a Wish partnership, which everyone's so excited about where we do every sports wish. We helped to make it better and crazy to get the athletes really involved to make the wishes great for the kids. And like we love giving back. I get told him a bad Jew all the time 'cause like, hey people say you've only posted 10 times about what's going on. But to me you have to do things that are authentic. I got so emotionally involved in fixing probation and parole once I saw how up the system was. And so I'm honored to do that.


You also can't do all things to all people. When I get caught a bad Jew, does it bother me a little bit? Yes. Because I think I'm doing everything that's comfortable for me. But I can also fight every fight. Like we spend a lot of time on probation and parole. We form, we spend a lot of time on Make A Wish and You know I worked 17 hours a day at Fanatics, which is You know my part-time job. Do You miss owning the 76ers at Old? Do you miss that job? No. I'll tell you why. I think when we did the Sixers deal in 2011, I was in a different part of my life. And I Think Fanatics was way less established. And I think we were a much smaller company. It really got, it went from in the early days helping the growth of fanatics and helping. It was kind of like a little bit of a business development platform. And then I learned so much from the Sixers. And. I was able to really help in a meaningful way to as fanatics got a lot bigger.


Now we have thousands of deals with individual athletes which are prohibited by all the leagues. We're not in the betting business, which is prohibited to take bets on your own team. It was really in the way of fanatics growth. And so selling the stake in the Sixers allowed me to just take fanatics to the next level. And on top of that, I'll tell you, I don't think there could be a bigger opportunity for me in my life when I look at where fanatics is today. And I feel like I'm just getting started with it. And I. Look at like, I just watched the Nike movie like a year ago, Nike Air. And you look at that and you're like, he's 87 today. Okay, I'm gonna do this for the rest of my life. Like my opportunity is massive. And I have so much gratification and satisfaction of working around hundreds of millions of incredible sports fans, incredible athletes and You know to get to spend time with guys like you. It's like you just, it's such a fun job.


I don't want anything to be in the way of it. And I also will tell you my relationships with everyone is so much cleaner now because I think before I felt like guys who I was friends with would still look at me a little bit different like book or Jason Tatu or they, they, they, they, when I owned the Sixers, I felt like there was just always a little bit, hey it's my going from the Sixers, the Sixers guy. Now it's kind of like everyone knows I'm just their guy. And You know we have an authentic relationship. And so, and by the way, we do a lot, lot of business with a lot of these guys too. And I'm always trying to help you. There's so many business If. you think about it like look at Jay-Z he's an investor in fanatics. We own Fanatics sports book together. We own Mitchell Nest together. You know. Look at Travis, we're doing the Colabs together. Look at Meek Keep was an investor in Lids by the way. Meek's single best investment in his life. You know, hope I won't get in trouble for saying this, but he put $200,000 in the lids and got $8 million back.


Wow. Okay. Go ahead. Me shout out to me. Yeah, So like I always want my friends to do great And. I'm always working to do things that are great for my friends. So does it bother me? Look, I am the most thick skinned individual you'll meet. I mean, I'm the most self-deprecating person. I love to make fun of myself when I put out the baseball thing and show how uncoordinated I am. And everyone makes fun of me. I think it's funny. Does it hurt me a little bit if it's hurting somebody else? Yes. That's what I'm aware of. I think like I want everything I do to be great for people. I don't ever wanna do anything but help people. One more thing I wanna talk to you about, speak to us about the role Governor Shapiro played just, just in Pennsylvania. Like I love all of the things that he's doing with probation reform and criminal justice reform. But a lot of that started because you, when he was ag got him on the meat case.


Yeah, I like Governor Shapiro a lot by the way. So I love, so first of all, I hate politics. I don't ever wanna be involved in politics. And, I think it's just bad. Okay. 'cause generally politics can't get anything done and people just fight over everything. So I generally try to stay away from politics. That's it. I love Josh Shapiro. Josh gave us the original idea to start the reform lines. It didn't come from me. Wow. Didn't come from Jay, didn't come from Raf didn't come from me. It came from Josh Shapiro watching Josh's development has been amazing for me. I mean, watching him go from county commissioner to Attorney general to governor. I think in Pennsylvania, I'm told he has like the highest number. Like he has 61%, which I don't think you have any rating or something like that, Right? Which you don't get that politics. You, you're lucky to get You know 51%, right? So he's incredibly, I think, supported in Pennsylvania.


And I think he's really capable. I mean, I'm almost relieved that they didn't pick him for vp 'cause I'll have nothing to do with this election now. But if, if, if The World, if the country decided that, that he was the right person, I think he would've been comfortable to step up and do that. Gotcha. But I think he's, he's incredibly You know, excited about what he's gonna do in Pennsylvania. You know. I just have so much respect for him. Even though, again, I'll say this a hundred times, I hate politics. Well, this weekend, see you fanatics fest, fanatics fest. Michael Rubin. Let's get The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. Let's get to Justin with just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


She Don't nobody Why? Just worldwide mess On The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches shoes. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Y'all done got Sauce. Waka in trouble. What Happened? So Masaka was up here and we were talking to him about him being like one of the first people to call Drake out for cultural appropriation. Because he was saying like Drake would come through Houston and like basically just link with like the bigger names of Houston, but never pull up the other artists there. And he's supposed to do that because he's taking so much from Houston and the people there. I Don't even think he was saying that he links with the bigger artists.


He was just saying that he don't, he don't link with the artists enough. Period. He said he felt it was more appropriation than appreciation. Yes. I mean he can let him explain. Yeah. So we're, yeah, we gonna get to that. We gonna get to the clip. Let's take a listen. This particular superstar, this particular entity that's in my city, can simply make two songs with two different artists here that's going to create so much revenue from ESPNs to the talk shows to Nikes and all these huge companies seeing that, oh wow, there's, there's, there's momentum, there's lucrative in the state of Texas. Look at these artists working with these artists. Isn't that required of the Houston artist too though? Because I mean, Travis ain't no slouch. Travis is a big deal. Travis signed artists from Houston.


Yeah, Travis.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available to capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite choice while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet. That's the comedy of a Mexicano cross Borders. The Heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's, Cultura podcast network present. I'm Philippe Esparza from his television debut at Listen to NATO as part of Michael Cultura podcast Network in La iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So we asked what if those laid back conversations with some of the biggest musicians in The World and some of the most interesting new artists we love right now. Midnight Chats has already welcomed Tame Imp Parlor, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, fin Staples, and many others. Our biggest and best series is happening right now. So join me, Greg Cochrane and me Stuart Stubbs as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't usually talk about. I'm feeling more okay with being a diva. There was one birthday when I went to a graveyard. Every partner that I've ever had when they look at my texts with my mother are like, how are you sharing this information? Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats every Tuesday nights on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your favorite shows


From the writer of Amazon Primes Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Mustand these Dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up, lock her up. You killed your daddy, you don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your Emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes, I'll hold Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah Daria, Leia Solana and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. LL those Toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay As part of the Outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Made music with artists from Houston to Megan Thee Stallion. But she has songs with Sauce Walker. She got songs with Metro Queen. She got songs with little Kiki. She got a song, big Punk. That's really being from a city being and appreciating the culture. No disrespect to Bun Beat. He's from Port Arthur. He not from Houston. Make a lot of people try to say, oh well Drake made a song. Bun beat. Bun Beat not from Houston. No disrespect to him. This is Houston, Texas. We talking about. You just said Houston, didn't you? Did you say Port Arthur? You say Houston. Houston. Right then. So this was trending yesterday. People were engaging in the conversation of who Drake has worked with in Texas, who they haven't. But most importantly, bum B stepped outside. He posted on his Instagram in response to Sauce. Waka saying, born in Houston, Northwood Manor, move to West Side PA in sixth grade.


None taken. 'cause he said, no disrespect, Bumby said none taken. But he wanted to clear some things up. I'm Dropping a clue. Mine for Bumby. Always You know. He knew nothing but Saud and respect the icon Bunbee And the caption said for the record. So I had no idea he was from Houston though. I I thought he was from Port Arthur, Texas. Like Bunbee, pimp C Steven Jackson, port Arthur, Texas. Because they rep so hard. You know, I didn't know. See, but You know what I, I wasn't here for that interview. But the only thing I don't like is Drake does a lot for the city of Houston. He might not You know rep the artists. He might not like a, a lot of the artists there. You never know. But as far as what he does for Houston and what he does for, for, for that area as far as support, as far as financial, as far as make sure that he puts his hand on Houston.


He goes to the restaurants. He's out and about in Houston. I think he does a lot for H Town. But You don't but you don't live there though. Hmm? You don't live in Houston so you don't know. Well I will Say I'm in Houston a lot. And I. See what he, what he does out in Houston online For. But I can't argue with Sauce Walker mean I Can't, he lives there but he just say he doesn't do songs with artists. But if, if I don't like a particular or doesn't match, but he's done joints with Bun B before he's done joints with Houston artists. But he does a lot for Houston. He might not Be I'm you, you from Queens. It might not be for rappers, but he does a lot for Houston. There Were a lot of people online pointing out some of what Envy is saying. Like when Drake is here, he supports our local businesses. They talked about some of the DJs Exactly. That he's sampled different tracks from and sampling. Assuming he would've had to pay to clear different things and like whatever from other Houston artists.


The conversation turned into and, and and Sas Waka said this when he was here. He said, it's not about me, it's not me saying I want a song with Drake. But the conversation turned into he's just mad that Drake hasn't done anything with him. I don't think that that's the case though. No, I don't think that's the case. I don't think that's the case at all. After talking to him, And I think the examples he gave was You know when I brought up Travis Scott and he explained the things Travis does being from Houston and he explained what Megan Thee stallion does, being from Houston, I understood where he was coming from. Yeah. But I think even if Drake did all of that and tried to do more of like what a Travis Scott would do by coming there and like building festivals or like whatever, he would still get shot thrown at him for real. Because it's, it's just Drake. He's kind. He low key is and has always been kind of like the outsider who figured it Out.


Drake has worked with Travis Scott early on. He's worked with Bun B early on. He touches that city a lot. Hands down. Yeah. I mean I, I like Sace Walker's argument better than both of us. I like sa I was gonna say, I think his argument was valid. What he was saying is he might have done all of that, but there's like a core like that benefits you. Travis Scott is one of the biggest artists in The World. Right. But there are other artists like he named a bunch of artists in that interview that like a Megan Thee stallion has worked with that. Lil Kiki Big Pop, Some of them artists. I didn't, I didn't know about those artists but like I know about them now because of the conversation and because of Mee Stallion. I mean I do but Drake is not from Houston. Drake is from Toronto. Drake Not from Atlanta either. But he does a lot. He does a lot for Houston. But he's from Toronto and he does a lot of Atlanta.


He, He's not from Atlanta but a lot of people 'cause when But he's in Houston a lot more than he's in Atlanta. Duh. I mean he is Mean's the point. But, But he spends a lot of money with local businesses in Houston. He lives in Houston. He has a house in Houston. I'm just saying the house in Texas. I don't know what I get the contrast between working with 10 Atlanta artists. 10, 11, 12 Atlanta artists compared to Houston. I understand SAS Walker's point Me too because Drake has, that has that reputation of being the guy that like helps the artist kind of get to a bigger point. Like he co-signs people. So he's saying you throw that co-sign everywhere else, why not over here? But yeah, wrap it up. Okay. Does this mean I can do one more or no? No, that means you gotta wrap It up. Okay. Looked at the time. Alright. That means You gotta wrap it up. Alright, well Donkey, today we giving a donkey too man. There's a Florida man whose name has not been released.


You know how stupid what you, you must have did something so stupid in Florida that they won't release your name. Okay. But he's 25 years old and I don't wanna tell you, I'll tell you when we come back. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. It's crazy as people in America, I Bronx, it's for Don Day. We in the down in the concourse, The craziest people in America come from the Bronx And all the pool. He laughed. Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news?


If I catch all As in traffic A whisperer y'all, it is just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Yes, donkey. Today for Wednesday August 14th goes to a 25-year-old Florida man whose name has not been released. And I'm gonna tell you something. When Florida doesn't release your name, then you have really done something stupid. I don't know why this man's name hasn't been released, but it makes the story that much more interesting. I promise you, when we get his name, you'll be the first to know. Now, what does your Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida.


And today is no exception. It's actually a tragic story because a person was killed and two others injured for what seems to be no real reason at all. Let's go to CBS 10 Tampa Bay. Put the report please. In Tampa police confirmed one man is now dead. Two others hurt after another man drove the cab of a semi-truck into the Emperors Gentleman's Club. This happened around four 20 this morning. The business on East AMO Drive windows has told us the driver had just been kicked out of the club minutes before. He stood outside the club, got into his semi-tractor, was in the parking lot for a few minutes. When he saw the individual that he was in the confrontation with exit the club with another group of people, he intentionally accelerated that truck into that group of people.


However they say the people hit were not involved in the initial confrontation. Two of them are being treated for serious injuries Right now. The driver is in the hospital in critical condition. He ain't even hit his target. Just killed an innocent person and injured two innocent people 'cause he got kicked out of a strip club. If If, you get kicked out of an establishment, why take it as rejection? Why not look at it as God's protection? God wanted you removed from that situation for a purpose. In this instance, if this 25-year-old man would've just taken his stupid ass home after he got kicked outta the script clubs and he currently wouldn't be in the hospital in critical but stable condition, if we, if he would've just took his dumb ass home, he wouldn't be facing charges of first degree murder, attempted first degree murder, DUI, manslaughter the heck of homicide and DUI with serious injury.


If he would've just took his ignorant ass home, then one person wouldn't be dead and two others wouldn't be injured. But see, listen to what I said just now. Listen to all those charges I just read off. Two of them had DUI, okay, DUI, manslaughter and DUI with serious injury. That damn alcohol will impact your decision making skills every single time. Do You know liquor stops the part of the brain that makes judgment calls from functioning as it normally does. This means liquor doesn't just impact decision making. It distorts a person since the judgment period. And that's what you rely on to make smart decisions. This man was saucy, saucy outta his membrane and his Florida. So no telling what else he was on. You drive a semi-tractor into a script club, you drive a semi-tractor into a crowd of six people because you upset you got kicked out.


Oh, I know fentanyl fuel activities when I see him. And this situation got Rihanna's makeup all over it. ENT fte. Okay, look man, rejection is a part of life. Just learned to deal with it and keep it moving. This is why so many of us need to be in therapy. Don't listen to pro. Okay? You need more than a head doctor. You need an actual therapist to deal with the rejection sensitivity that you have internally. Okay? Rejection sensitivity isn't caused by one single factor. It's probably a bunch of factors. You got childhood experiences like having parents that were too critical on you, bullying you may have experienced as a child. There are all types of factors that lead to people having rejection, sensitivity and getting kicked outta. This script club triggered something in that 25-year-old and that, along with the alcohol and the fentanyl, which I believe he was on, caused him to make a permanent decision based off of temporary emotion.


And now someone is dead because of it. There is no way in hell you leave a script club surrounded by naked women, clicks and tits everywhere. You get kicked out and your mind says, I know what I'm going to do. I'm gonna do something that's gonna cause me to go someplace where I will never be surrounded by naked women ever again. I'm gonna do something that's gonna have me surrounded by penises for the rest of my life. Lock 'em up. Okay? This man earned this. Some of y'all is out here treating stupid like it's an Olympic sport. And this young 25-year-old man took home the gold. Please give this 25-year-old man from Tampa, Florida who drove his semi-tractor, threw a strip club and killed a innocent person and injured two other innocent people. The biggest he are hits and clicks.


You came up with that? No, God did. Don't you have one? You? know what I meant? Question is that You know what I meant? That's Such a silly question. You Know what I meant. Come Up with that. God made those. God did. Yes. Jesus Christ You know what I meant though. No, I don't. No I didn't. All right. Well thank you for that donkey of the day. Now when we come back, you Lucky I don't got nothing to throw. Yes. Throw that bagel. I I want my bagel. All right, well when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Michael Rubin was here earlier and he was talking about how he felt that the black community, that black people do to other black people, this is what he said.


That is the one thing I've learned about black culture that I don't like, is that black hate on hate. Okay. Like what? Like it's horrible. Like I don't like watching black hate on hate. I think it's terrible. I think it's something that it's, I think it's culturally wrong. And. I. I'll probably get killed for saying this 'cause You know You're You know. I'm glad you're saying it openly. If this is the conversations that are being had. I have it all the time with that. Yeah. I want to hear this. Yeah, So, so I I I think it's wrong. I think like why do you not wanna build everyone up around you? Why do you not want everyone around you to do great to me? If I could say one thing, let's everyone go out with a positive energy. Try to make everyone do great around us and build people up. Let's not try to bring people down. You don't do better by taking your competition down. You do better by pushing everyone up together. You want all the wind behind your back. You know, I told Michael Rubin that I felt uncomfortable hearing a Jewish man say that.


But that wasn't the only emotion I felt. Now that I think about it, I was embarrassed because Michael Rubin didn't say anything that I don't say every day. And I was embarrassed because I know he's right. And it's a part of me that I'm glad he said it because you have a lot of Negroes who think selling out their own people to cozy up to the white man is what white folks want. White people don't even respect that. They don't even respect you. They don't respect you out here tearing down your own people. So what is The question? I don't know how people feel. All right. 800. I felt, I felt uncomfortable and embarrassed. I wanna know how people feel. I didn't feel uncomfortable. We, we, we've been saying this for the last, how long we been on this record? Yeah. Still felt embarrassed though. Still felt uncomfortable and Embarrassed. It, it just was like a, ooh, okay.


That's part of being uncomfortable. Yeah, like when he said it, I was just like, I was like And embarrassed. 'cause it's like, oh, And he's such a nice person. I was like, who are you? Like You know. Why are you all in my house, in my business? And when you, what your parents say, you go out here and embarrass me. Boy. Yeah. It literally felt like, I felt like my grandma was gonna call me after and be like, you up there talking to that? Like, nah, I didn't feel embarrassing. He seen it close end. He seen it with Meek Mill. He's seen it with little baby. He's seen it with a lot of the things around him. So, and we've been talking about it for a long time, but let's discuss when we come back. How did that make you feel? (800) 585-1051. Phone lines a wide open. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club phone tip man.


It's topic time. Call 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is out on maternity leave and we have Lauren LaRosa filling in and we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts after hearing Michael Rubin on the show this morning? Talk about black on black. I don't wanna say crime, but black on black. Hate, hate, hate. Let's listen. That Is the one thing I've learned about black culture that I don't like is that black hate on hate. Like, like it's horrible. Like, I don't like watching black hate on hate. I think it's terrible. I think it's something that it's, I think it's culturally wrong.


And. I. I'll probably get killed for saying this 'cause You know you're You know. I'm glad you're saying it openly. If this is the conversations that are being had. I have it all the time with Yeah, I want to hear this. Yeah, So, so I, I think it's wrong. I think like why do you not wanna build everyone up around you? Why do you not want everyone around you to do great to me? If I could say one thing, let's everyone go out with a positive energy. Try to make everyone do great around us and build people up. Let's not try to bring people down. You don't do better by taking your competition down. You do better by pushing everyone up together. You want all the wind behind your back. So What do you think Lauren? I originally like my first thought when he said it to myself was, ooh, how dare he go there. But, and then also too, kind of like, why you all in my business? Like why you all in our house type of thing? Because You know we told when stuff happens amongst us or amongst our community, we keep it inside.


Like, you don't go outside. Outside. We put it all over Twitter. Okay, but, and Instagram, Chelsea. Exactly. But If you, If you, y'all know what I mean? Like If you grew up with like your grandma, your like, whatever you're taught that when something goes down, it's not to be discussed amongst others. And he's a other, so I was just like kind of taken aback when he brought it up. But it was honest and he was a, he was a straight shooter about it. So I, I kind, I appreciated his view on it. 'cause it's like damn, for him to notice it, it's like how don't we notice that we do it? We do notice the whole wait whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. Some stop. Some people who don't think that they are doing anything wrong, there are some people who think you're supposed to call people out. You're supposed to hang people. You're supposed to crucify people and not give them second chances. There are people who believe that, Well I can't, I can't wait till those people get they turn in the light 'cause they going, wish they gave people, they gonna wish they got the same grace that they should have gave people.


But I did feel uncomfortable when Michael Rubin said that, 'cause he is a white Jewish man. But that wasn't the only emotion I felt, as I said earlier, I felt embarrassed. But Michael Rubin did not say anything that I don't say every damn day. You know what I'm saying? And I was embarrassed because I know he's right. And it's a part of me that I am glad he said it because people need to hear it from somebody else. They need to hear it from somebody who's not inside the house. So now maybe you'll sit back and think about it the next time you decide to crucify one of your own or tear down one of your own for no damn reason at all. And You know the, the, the sad thing about it is, is we do it so much in our community that we really hurt careers.


We really hurt people. Oh yeah. We, whether it is musicians, whether it's, it's You know athletes, whether it's just regular people. And I never really understood why. It's almost like sometimes people get a joy out of seeing other people suffer and lose And. I never understood it. And even when, I feel like when you look at other groups, we, we talked about Mike Rubin, he's Jewish. We look at at Jewish groups. So we look at Asian groups a lot of time. They stand by their own And I watch. Like we, we seen what happened with Jonathan Majors. Right. We seen them damn near try to take that man's whole career. They did. And, and and and and that's the other thing, right? Like a lot of times You know we do these, these, these takedowns based off lies, off lies. They do it based off allegations. Correct. They there, there's no due process.


No nothing, nothing. Somebody could literally just post something on Twitter today and black Twitter will run with it. Yeah. And believe it, run with it. And nobody will do their homework. Nobody will do their research. Nobody. And and a lot of the times the information is there, the court documents are there and everything is there. But, or There might not be nothing there, but it might just be somebody, something somebody made up And people will wi go with a headline and they'll attack. I mean we, we've, it all happened to every last one of us. But that's Meek Gay right now. Like he said Meek Gay don't say that. Michael Rubin Said somebody called. No, he said like, I think Meek is gay. And he was like, what? He was like, because I've been seeing it all over. You see what I'm Saying? Yeah. But But but, but that's not right. But that not right. That is not right man. That is Not right. He's not gay. Y'all. I'm not saying that he is. I'm just saying what? No Mickey's not gay. What Michael Say?


My point is that's just not right. Look, I had to co cover clear that up. 'cause somebody take that clip and be like, well he announced it on the Yeah. Charla ain't been gay for a long time. No, But I mean, but that's the difference. Be gay. He white. No, you start those rumors like I go places you really Dominican. No, I'm not Dominican, I'm black. Or you was Yo man, somebody came up to me during the car show this week and was like, yo, where bay at? I said, she in a hotel getting ready. He's like, nah, you're other bay. I'm like my other bay charlamagne. Like they really think we a couple. It's a joke. Nobody thinks we a couple joking with think That you like no, They think you gay. You First Of all backstroke and men ponds. If You know anything about me, You know. I don't like light-skinned men. You like skinned men? I don't like light-skinned women. I don't like light-skinned anything to be honest with you. So you like do skinned men. All right, let's Go to the phone line.


I know something else. You wanna you wanna hear something to be really be offended by what I think light-skinned people look like pit bulls, but that's just my opinion. Go run tweet that Look like a German Shepherd Twee that run. Twee that. Alright. Whatever. Whatever you like, like dog man. Okay. It's cool. Hello Candace. Hi. Good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts after hearing? Pretty Much I'm watching you guys on TikTok right now. That's funny. Pretty much. I agree with every single thing he said. So I've worked in finance for a few years now. And I realized that in these very white like affluent spaces, you'll have a few of us And I enter thinking, oh everyone's gonna, like all the black people are gonna come together and try to build and educate each other and help others.


And almost like talented tent trying to bring each other up. No, it's the exact opposite where it's almost like we are literally crabs in a barrel trying to bring each other down. And I don't see a solution from the top to the bottom. I just is very frustrating because like we deserve better as a people. We are the culture. We create what The World is and people monetize us. And so it, if we were able to band together and create our own institutions and, and use our, just our literal magic, I think The World would be better for us. But we're too busy trying to spun on each other. We We you're right. And we know the solution.


The solution is, is is been there since the beginning of time. Everybody from the honorable Elijah Muhammad that Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Has told us the solution Unity and group operation. Yes. Okay. It's really that simple. You are not the only one and you don't have to be the only one. You don't get in position and close the door behind you. You get in position, keep that door open and you throw a ladder back. Yep. You throw a rope back, you throw 'em lifelines back. You bring people With you. But I never understood it. Like You know salute to Attorney Benjamin Benjamin King. Shut up. How would you al understand what's going on With us? Shut up. I'm black salute. See you doing it right now. I thought was white. He's doing it right now. Salute to attorney Benjamin Crump. Jeremy Simper. You over there just looking, just think about all the things that attorney Benjamin Crump has done for us and, and all the stuff that he's fought for and everything that he's done. They call him an ambulance chaser, this, that and the other.


But he's done so much for our community. Look what they did to Ja Rule. Just musician. Look What? Like hey man. Go to the phone. You talking about Fry Fest? Go to the No not Fry Fest. Go To the Back in the day. They, they tried to ruin that man's Be So crazy stupid. I'm saying they did Ja Rule sandwiches with cheese. Y'all it to Ja Rule 50 City G Unit.


Now that's who the summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always secure Cargo


Welcome to Elia. I'm Maria Tramar. And I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season we explore a new theme from poisoners to stalkers, art thieves to snake oil salesmen. We uncover the secrets of history's most interesting figures such as Walter Minks, the man who built his own submarine hoping to escape with his blackmail payout under Lake Michigan. It sounds made up, but it's 100% true. We'll explore the crimes as well as societal forces at play from unfair sentencing to jaw dissolving health risks. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, a apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So we asked what if those laid back conversations with some of the biggest musicians in The World and some of the most interesting new artists we love right now. Midnight Chats has already welcomed Tame Imp Parlor, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, fin Staples, and many others. Our biggest and best series is happening right now. So join me Greg Cochrane and me Stuart Stubbs As we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't usually talk about. I'm feeling more okay with being a diva. There was one birthday when I went to a graveyard. Every partner that I've ever had when they look at my texts with my mother are like, how are you sharing this information? Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats every Tuesday nights on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


I wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business. And Butter Nos is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter a TL. Over my career I've built and helped run multiple seven figure businesses that leveraged culture and built successful brands. Now I wanna share what I've learned with you and on butter nos we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. On every episode we get the inside scoop on how these leaders tap into culture to build something amazing. From exclusive interviews to business breakdowns, we'll explore the journey of turning passion for culture into business. Whether you're just getting started or an established business owner, omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. This is Butters. Listen to Butters on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did it to Ja. Okay, now you gonna shut up now, aren't you? Yeah. You ain't great. Yeah. Ain't got nothing to say. I didn't say It was right About They top under that T-shirt. I didn't say it was right, but I just said, look what they did to and just be clear. They love, they love Ja for a minute. And then all of a sudden The World turned the the the coach did. Man did they Why you? That's why, that's why nobody likes your arguments. 'cause it was a stupid argument. You brought Ja rule in knowing the reason Ja rule in 50 had beef. It's not like 50 was hating on Ja for no reason. Here's the thing Brought Why bring Ja Rule After Ben Crump like And I. I Like people Thinking maybe he had like a civil rights something You. know You know what I'm saying?


What I'm saying is not just about the Civil rights. I'm talking about Ja Rule. Yes, 50 and Ja Rule had a beef, but that was their personal beef. But the whole industry and world ish on Ja Rule because 50 made. Ja, I'm not having, well first of all, because what? Go to the forum. I'm not having this conversation. 'cause what 50 just made Ja not cool no more. This has nothing to do with what we talking about. Why wasn't he cool after he put all them hits? This has nothing to do with what we talking about. Like absolutely nothing. The fact that our community turns Over. You were from Ben Crump who actually goes out here and helps people and gives hate for no reason. 'cause he is actually helping our people to a rap beef. And you think that makes sense? That's why you wake up every morning and your bed be looking stupid on one side. My bed. Don't be looking stupid on one side. My bed is fine. Look, look, you can see me on TikTok and All that.


I grew in, It grew back. I'm good. Hello. Who's this? It drew back. It drew in. See you. You the biggest problem right there. You were the biggest hypocrite right there. You talking about all last smack. I wouldn't say Nothing. Ja Rule. You were saying before I said it About Ja rule. Yo Bringing up Ja Rule like he ain for no reason. Y'all aint destroyed. Ja. Rule rule. Let's reset this whole conversation. Go to commercial and we come back and we'll continue the conversation we was having about Michael Ruben. Goddamn yellow boy. Just dera everything. Hold on man. The Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. We have the racist charlamagne that calls me Yellow boy. Don't call me yellow boy. I'm not. I'm look, call me black. I I can't call you.


What? You're Not If. you don't call me black. I'm not gonna talk to you anymore. I'm not calling you What? You not. I am black. Sir, what do you check On the census? Other black Listen, Black idiot. Michael Ruber was on the show earlier. This is what he said. That is the one thing I've learned about black culture that I don't like is that black hate on hate. Like, like it's horrible. I don't like watching black hate on hate. I think it's terrible. I think it's something that it's, I think it's culturally wrong. And. I. I'll probably get killed for saying this 'cause You know You're You know. I'm glad you're saying it openly. Yeah. If this is the conversations that are being had. I have it all the time with that. Yeah. I want to hear this. Yeah, So, so I I I think it's wrong. I think like why do you not wanna build everyone up around you? Why do you not want everyone around you to do great to me?


If I could say one thing, let's everyone go out with a positive energy, try to make everyone do great around us and build people up. Let's not try to bring people down. You don't do better by taking your competition down. You do better by pushing everyone up together. You want all the wind behind your back. So we're asking what are your thoughts? Let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this Lenar Lenar. What's up? What's your thoughts? Lenar. You name Leard for real? Yeah. L-A-N-A-R-D. That's not how it spelled. Mine is L-E-N-A-R-D. But continue. Yeah, that's Leonard. No it's not. He definitely, His name is definitely Leonard. LEO. So Lenar talk to us Leard. Yeah man, shout la man. I just wanna say I feel like my man, dude, you don't put enough effort in helping the people down here in South Carolina in Charleston that you always screaming 8 4 3 and 8 0 3.


And we got a lot of artists down here like Bat Boy and Long Money and Killer Skip. Lot of people that people putting on. But you always screaming artists by using 8 4 3 as yo and mo corner as yo every time. Man, we don't really like that part of you. We want you to put study on You. know the struggle that's down here in South Carolina. So lemme ask you Charlene a question, right? I just, I just, I just want, I just wanna say some things real quick so I can give a quarter million dollars to South Carolina State University and open up a scholarship fund in my mother's name. I have my backpack giveaway this actual Saturday. Matter of fact, my back, my annual backpack giveaway and fish fry this actual Saturday.


So when you do stuff like that where you're actually doing things that benefit people in the community, you're upset. You're upset because I ain't shot out a rapper. Not physically. Huh? You're not there physically. You say you can, I mean I can donate anything. Put my name on something. That's What I'm talking about. You could donate, put your name on some gas. Listen, I'm always home. What you talking about? I was just dead two weeks ago for the one year anniversary. See? Well, about a month ago for the one year anniversary of the International African American Museum. Tell 'em you ain't seen. Hey, I'm, hey, hey listen, listen that I'm also on the board of Tell him you ain't seen him nar and he stole your name. You on the board of Yeah, I'm on the board of the International African American Museum in Charleston, South Carolina on Gabby Wall Outside about the apple to put in the people of South Carolina, Charleston on the same way you be doing the other cities.


And, I State, screaming at they artists and stuff like that. We got artists down Here. Well, tell me Something about the artists out there. Go ahead Bro. Look to my guy, little Boss You. know what I'm saying? SL to my man, little boss and my man Ty. I support Lil Boss all the time. Boss. Yeah. Bossy had a single out in a wild, I'm talking about what you Mean out a record last week. He said boss had a single out in a wild boss. Put out a record last week. Leno. Man, I'm, I'm talking about every, every artist that come out. And. I Ain't And I Molly Mar's my guy. Long money. How old? How old are you boy, how old are you brother? 50. I'm 46.


Man. Hang up on this old ass nigga right now. You old as I knew he was. I I knew it. How you knew he was old The Lord. Thank you so Much. This is what I'm talking about. We appreciate you for calling this. This man is 46 years old. Yep. And, and forget everything I do in the community. He upset because I don't shout out to rappers. You know. I don't want to hang up on, because you told me Don't up with people no more. That's the talent that's done Here. Alright. Leno, enough's. All right. Just make that, that was ridiculous. He was Just loud and wrong. That was ridiculous. It is what it is. I don't care. Hello, who's this? Keisha From Brooklyn. Hey Keisha from Brooklyn. Good morning.


Good morning. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? So to be honest, I got secondhand embarrassed and embarrassment. That's how I feel To be. Definitely. So I always say we come together, we could be so much stronger. We You know I don't condone violence, but we seen the situation on the boat. Everybody on that boat deserve an NAACP award. You know. But at the end of the day, at the end of the day, I truly feel like we're, we outnumber them. And You know, not to say dumb to make it a racing, but we're very strong if we just stick together and we do the cup a favor when we're taking out each other in that kind of way, we give them what they want.


Like it makes no sense. And, I truly believe not to say he was 100% right, but jewels do stick together. That's why in all reality that they like a little bit of them aren't winning. They stick together. We don't Listen. You not wrong. That's why I said I, I felt uncomfortable. And, I felt embarrassed. But I can't sit here and act like Michael Rubin was saying anything wrong because he says the same thing that I say every damn day. Hello? Who's this? Yo, it's your boy Shannon. What's Up? What's your do? Nah rub was right though. Michael was right though man, we got it is perfect example. One good example. Simone Biles. What about they made comments on Twitter about this young lady hair. They did the same thing.


What's the other young lady? Gabby Douglas about her hair? Why does her hair matter? This young lady's flipping. She's sweating, she's running, she's doing stuff that you can't do. Well You know what they say. They said You know. Thank you bro. You gotta stop needless criticism of your brother and sister because you gotta remember that jealousy destroys from within he right. And, I. Think sometimes when we see people like Simone Biles and these people who do amazing things, you can't understand why that's that person. And it's not you, but it is you. You just have not found your gift yet. You gotta unlock the gift that God gave you to achieve great things. And what she does is not what you're probably destined probably Here to do. I don't even think that people on Twitter think that deep.


Nah, I I think you Too Many people, People make excuses. Don't think I y'all People make excuses for that lives Including me in the booth. Y'all. That is not a y'all. I would never ever drag her about no like, like it was Trending about her hair. She didn't want no metal. I know it was trending. And also too, I feel like sometimes some things should be kept inside of your group chat conversations. Like you can have an opinion on things. You can feel a way about certain things. But to get out there in public into like say certain things, like I had to learn that in real life about a lot of things. Like everything don't need to be said all the time. People Hate because they're not happy with their lives. So they, they need an excuse to the reason why they're not happy. So the the fact that Oh why they're not Successful. So the fact that Simone Biles just won a gold medal just won what?


Two, three gold medals. A silver, a bronze. The first thing people are saying is look at her hair. Look at her Hair. Yeah. Right. That's crazy. That's insane. That's It. And it's different. And stuff's progressive. 'cause there are some things I think that we should be able to be, have conversations about each other about but progressive criticism and just tearing somebody down or two different things completely. Two different things. I totally agree. All right, well what's the moral of the story? The moral of the story is Michael Rubin was right and we are not gonna sit here and act like he didn't say anything that we don't say amongst each other all the time. And the last thing I'll tell y'all is that unity and group operation is a must. And you should stop needless criticism of your brother and sister 'cause jealousy destroys from within. And stop being so quick to tear people down just based off something you heard on social media.


'cause a lot of it, majority of it be lies. It's false. Majority of it just be false allegations. Majority of it be a narrative that somebody has created and y'all just run. Y'all just take it and Run with it. And that run with it hurts somebody's life. It hurts somebody's job, it hurts somebody's outcome. It hurts the way that they provide for their family. And it's effed up. And now we got just with the mess coming up. Yes we do. What black person you about to hate on Lauren? First of all, hate on is crazy. Like why you always coming for me? We are actually about to get into a really good conversation. We got Adam Sandler conversation coming up. We also wanna talk about Naomi Osaka and she brought up a really good point about postpartum. Alright, we'll get to that next.


It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Music Is real. Just Moore just don't do no lies. Don't do. She don't spell nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. All right y'all. So Janet Jackson made a revelation and some people knew some of this stuff, but not all of it. So she sat down with BBC radio, the Breakfast show with Scott Mills. And he, when he, he asked her like, someone just told me this, but are you related to? And then she, he started naming different people.


So let's take a listen to the clip. They don't have that clip. You don't have Jenny Jackson. Someone told me this earlier. Are you related to Stevie? He's our cousin. How have I gone that long in life that Not a lot of people know that he's our cousin on my mother's side. That's blown my mind. So is Tracy Chapman. Hang on. Can we go through the family tree Again? Hang on. So is Samuel Jackson. So Stevie is what to you? My cousin Tracy Chapman cousin Samuel Jackson. He would be a cousin too. I mean he is not my brother. Right? Yeah, fine. But yes, I never knew. I just assumed all Jacksons are related. All watching all white. Is that a black thing? Probably all Washingtons and Browns too.


But the Stevie Wonder thing is incredible vie wonder. I I heard the wonder Thing. Janet Jackson family. Yeah, And I heard that before. I didn't hear of Samuel Jackson though. Yeah, so Samuel Jackson actually denied it in 2017. He had sat down with the Wired and they asked him, are you related to Michael Jackson? He just said Nope. But like she's saying it did happen. But it always be like that You know when your mom be telling you like You know this person, your cousin, second cousin, third cousin. And meet the person that like we not cousins. And then it's like a whole thing. That's how You know Sammy Jackson popping because you who going, who the hell gonna deny be related being related. I would take that one. I'd be like, yeah, that's my, That's my family. My family. That's Fair. I ain't know Charlemagne related to the, to the Bailor family. That's Not True though. Right? Chloe and Hall Valley? Yes, that Is true. I always hear you say that. But that's not true. What? I don't, I don't here, here go interview with another, just taking us off the highway for no damn reason.


Once again, Ja Rule. No, that was related 'cause we were talking about And that's your cousin? No. Why you bringing, is that your cousin You know who you're related to? Chico DeBarge. Oh my El DeBarge. Okay. Carlos Booza. All right. Everybody in Terror Squad. Okay. Fat Joe wanna put you on one and rewind 10 boxes? No, I'm not, I'm Not even gonna hold you right now. If, you came in with a tear squad chain. I wouldn't, I wouldn't even think twice. Oh He had one. I'm black. No, I didn't have a terra squad chain. You not, but he's really related to the, to the bellies. He really is And real. That's like black cousins or like real cousins? No, we are, but that has nothing to do with what we talking about. He's Related. How did y'all find that out? Long time ago. But that has nothing to do with what I'm just saying. So he is related. People don't know, but he's really related. We be joking up here. He's really related.


I know they pissed. They related To you. I know they are. They deny all the time too. You need to shave one of your arms. Lauren. I'm wanting all morning, all Shave, shave. Don't, Don't do. I'm wanna say that to you all morning. Don't do Me And. I don't even do prickles. He just always wanna point out something. Oh me. Because You wanna talk about That might be, that might be the new style. Leave it alone. You know. You know Y'all. My underarms are shaved. Do not let this made. That is the new style. Yeah. Why you going with him? Rock deodorant it it's what? It's I don't understand why you got one underarm shave. Why? Both of them are shaped. Y'all do not do that to me. That's crazy. No, do not. Just because you in here with a test squat chain on. Don't try to make it seem like I'm bringing back the seventies. Little v cut your Underarms look like envy's big. Like one of employee looks like it drew in on one side and then the other side is bald.


It's kind of crazy. You Just lucky you not ashy today. I'm never Ashley. He's old. I know. And he Is. Continue on 'cause he gonna keep going. Thank you. Exactly. So we gonna move along to Adam Sandler because it's too much black on black crime in here. Oh man. See Black right now. Black People putting black people down One. You just had a positive note five seconds ago? No, it's at 9 45. Yeah. All right. We gonna move on to Adam Sandler. So Adam Sandler sat down with Joe Rogan for the Joe Rogan experience and he talked about the Will Smith Oscar slap. I talked to Rock yesterday just for like 10 minutes or something. And we got really excited about standup again. I go, you, you right. And he goes, I kinda am. He's like, I need a break. That's, I think that's a good way to do it.


Take a little break and just refresh your mind. Yeah. So you're not running stale. Because he did a live special too. His live special was, I loved it. Yeah. I loved it. And it was also like the buildup because of getting slapped by Will Smith and all that crazy, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that was like the best thing that ever happened to him because then he became like wild again. Like his standup was like outrageous. Like it was like the rock of old It that that night was like watching a Super Bowl. It's interesting to see people's perspective. 'cause I never looked at Chris Rock's standup as wild and outrageous. Me neither. It's always just been smart and Chris and it's just been Chris Rock. Yeah. And I also didn't look at that night as a Super Bowl. I didn't think that it gave Chris Rock like a new energy.


Like it was, we all, Chris Rock is a legend. Yeah, I didn't think so either. It's not even people's perspective, it's white people's perspective. Because I have not, there's no black people that were like, yo, Chris Rock is back again. Like this was the moment he needed. Like No, it was, I did hear some people saying this was the most heard pop Chris Rock has ever been, which is actually, no, I didn't that this is ridiculous to me because it just lets me know people don't understand his career. Yeah. The legendary status, the, that he's done of Chris Rock. Yeah. After that damn Mind. By the way, he, it, it happened on the Oscar stage. Yo. He was presenting at at the Oscars like a a show. He's hosted a couple of times. What are we talking about here? I'm still mad at you about my underarms. Why You mad at me?


'cause you ain't shave one under arms. You this video people are crazy. How you mad at me? Because you didn't shave one your underarms and all I did pointed it out. I think you forget. You on Camera yesterday about something. You just said you Mad because your underarm. I Had a terrorist squad change. I see the hair. He talking about You mad at me. You mad at me because your underarms got edges. Wow. Sister that me. You got Lac front under Arms on. Right? Thank you for Tyreese had on his face the other day. You got under your left underarm and you mad at me. All Right. What is Wrong with us as a people When we come back, we got the People's Choice mix Where Michael Rubin at? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody.


It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave and Lauren LaRosa is holding it down. And we got a shout out to You know bt. All right now he just joined Ferrari. Simmons on 96.1 to be our Atlanta station. Now If, you don't know him. Of course they do the Baller Alert podcast together and now he's gonna be doing weekdays with Ferrari at two, so to speak. That brother, Hey, drop bond for Louis v Louis V is the only person in iHeart that can hire people. Louis V is the only person. Stop. Stop it. The only person that works at a black station that seems to be able to hire people. We can't never get nobody. We want up here high. Did He add Louis V?


He added him to a show. Right? That's not a new show that he Added it To the show. Yeah. Ferrari's doing two o'clock. So he added to the show doing Ball Alert podcast Show And I. I never heard back The afternoon show. I don't know what it was for. Well shout out to the person that got the job. Lauren wanted, what's his name again? Damn. You know BT You. know BT from the Ball Alert podcast. Not That because Ball Alert podcast is like it is everywhere right now. So they had him on the radio. Only makes sense. I am just impressed at Louis v having the opportunity to be able to hire people. Shout out to him. Louis V just said, said he didn't hire you because of the hair under your arms. I swear he just said, dang. I'm kidding. He Didn't say that. He joking. They're joking. And by the way, Lauren la does have hair under arms. Yeah. So They I think you do look like a pit bull. I'm starting to see you now.


Now it does. I just cleared It up and said you don't have hair under your arms. No. So there's a hiring freeze everywhere except for Atlanta. Huh? Probably want close bombs for Louis V. I'm happy for you. That's my South Carolina B. Oh my goodness. Okay. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It is DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is holding it down for Jess. Yes sir. Now we got a salute. Mike Rubin for joining us the this morning. Yes. Make sure you go watch the full conversation on Breakfast Club YouTube page right now. And don't forget his fanatics Fest is this weekend, Friday through Sunday at the JT Center. If. you wanna see your favorite celebrity, artist, athlete and all that? You could definitely check that Out. We're going right?


I'm not, we We Agree. I think I'm gonna go Sunday. I think I'm gonna bring my son on Sunday. Y'all Like you were just such a party poop Man. No, I got something to do this weekend. I'm gonna be in South Carolina in my hometown. You know. Oh, they said you don't go there. Listen, people just be talking. But it's my, I Like My underarms. No, you have, Yeah. People just be talking. You Do have Tyrese's being on Don. Do not. I'm Out here trying to find my hu my husband. I'm here trying to find me and you over here saying, well hopefully He's a barber. Hopefully he do happen as a barber and can shave under. Oh my God. But we have the ninth annual I back to school drive and fish fry this Saturday from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM in Monks Corner, South Carolina at the Berkeley High School. Student parking lot. Free backpacks. Free haircuts, free fried fish.


We got the mini Mart Caribbean groceries pulling up with the food truck and they gonna be giving out free Jamaica food. So from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM Mons Corner, South Carolina, my ninth annual back to school driving fish fry This Saturday from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM So pull up and the positive notice simply this take rejection is an eyeopener. Take it as something that pushes you and makes you do things better. Okay. I think every opportunity, every disappointment, every rejection, every accolade, everything has contributed in shaping my character and my choices and who I have become. And it will do the same for you. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club. Bitches. You finish. So y'all done.