
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share Holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet is Monday. Hey, good morning. How y'all feel out now? Morning. Back to the work week. How you feeling? How was your vacay? It was good. What you do it? I, yo I, I had a lot to do. I was, I'm working on a couple things, like I said, projects I can't really You know, speak about, but it was busy. But it felt good to go home on the break. I ain't gonna lie. Like it, it felt good. And, and You know what I noticed. Yo, I watch Love and Hip Hop first when it first came out, right. Like, and then I, I was younger when I watched it.


You mean like, But I watched it 10 years ago. Yes. Okay. I watched it again for the first time, Lord, season one. Lord have mercy. And, and listen, when I say it makes me appreciate the, the love and hip hop now makes me appreciate the first one. Back then, it was real. Like, you can tell the difference in concept. So, which one, Who, who Was dangerous then? Because Jim Jones and Chrisy was on there. Jim Jones was on there. That's, That was the best season. The First season was on there, right? Yes. Emily. Yup. Samaya Reese, like Rich Dallas. Rich Dallas, all that. Like, it was amazing. Jim Jones and Chrisy on there. It was always an element of danger in there. It was. It was. But it was real and it was raw and it was great. Mama Jones, everybody. And then to look at all the fresh faces. Everybody had nice little fat faces. Nobody had surgery yet. It was like, it was amazing.


Everybody had wore they real hair, right? Like everybody was beautiful. That's when you could fight on TV and not get suspended. Nope. And security wouldn't jump in. They would let you whoop somebody ass. Mm. That that was great. That's good on Funny you came to that conclusion. 'cause I was watching Love and Hip Hop over the break. 'cause I was home in South Carolina and You know how you late at night, you just flipping channels and the reruns was on. And when it came on, I was like, I didn't even realize this show still came on tv. Oh, For real. Like, oh, you watched the current One. Scrappy, who else was on there? Right? That was Bunch of other new people you probably don't know, never seen before. I didn't. I was like, man, I ain't noticed Y still came on that, That it's just a bunch of repetitive storylines now. But that just makes me appreciate, all they know is Appreciate eat, argue and, and drink. Throw drinks on each other now Eat arguing and drink And just jump behind security.


Jesus Christ. But nah, shout out to Mona and shout out the first two seasons of 11 hip hop New York. That was when it was great. Yeah. Love it. I had a great, I had a great week. Gonna tell you why it was a celebration. My daughter Peyton turned three. Okay. Madison turned 23 and my pops turned 82. Right. Wow. So we celebrated Drop a bond for all of them. So, and then we had Thanksgiving. So it was just a a huge celebration. Celebration the whole time. It was, it was so lovely until I went to see Wicked. Oh, you saw it. Nice. Did you? You cried. Wicked was three hours long. Damn. Wicked was every, every bit of three hours with all the kids and the 3-year-old asking every question, why is she green? Why does she have a broom? Why is she this And? I'm trying to be like, shh. Well that's the number one movie in The World.


Yes it is. Yeah. Two's two and a half hours long with a 30 minute You know they do the commercials ahead of time. Yeah. Jesus Christ is home. That be the best movie out. I'm seeing Cynthia Rio Revo and Ariana Grande crying every interview. So it gotta be number one. And they gotta be an emotional. The kids loved it. The kids absolutely positively loved it. See Mona, I went to go see Mona too. Moana now Moana baby Moa. Take your kids to see Mo Damn Mona. She look like a moa. Look like aa MOA part two. Moda. I I'm gonna take week. That Was only, only 40. I'm gonna take her this week to see Moana. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you was, you was home South Carolina. I was home in South Carolina. Hey. I know that's right.


It was amazing. It always is. How much money do you give away? None actually. Damn. They probably like don't come back down. Don't come back Down. You know what You here for. None whatsoever. I Got these turkeys for Y'all. No, that's right. None. I'm on a strict budget. Alright, well let's get the show Crack. We got front page news. When we come back, we got a lot to discuss. I see Biden is gonna pardon his son after saying he wasn't going to. Well you should have, we shouldn't have been out there lying. Why you volunteering to lie? Knowing damn what you was gonna pardon your son. Ab absent positively lly your kid. It your kid. Like why not? And then I gotta leave office and the homie ain't gonna be in office. Yeah, he's outta here. He An old school politician. He don't even know how to lie no more. We'll talk about it next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with sports. Last night. I was gonna say Thursday night, but my giants lost to the Cowboys. 27, 20 means nothing. They both suck. No, we're still in the hunt. Get outta here Man. We're still in the hunt. When they show the playoff picture on tv, it says Cowboys still in the hunt. So we still in the hunt. You kiss my ass. We still Super Bowl hopes still alive. Cowboy Nation, Texas. All right, we in the hunt, Texas Beat the Jaguars. The coach beat the Patriots. Seahawks beat the Jets. The Chargers beat the Falcons commanders beat the Titans. The Steelers beat the Bengals. The Rams beat the Saints. The Vikings beat the Cardinals. The Buccaneers beat the Panthers. The Eagles beat the Ravens and the Bills beat the 49 ERs.


And then Monday Night Football, the Cleveland Browns take on the Broncos at eight 15. Now good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feeling? Blessed Black And I your favorite? Good. You said big back. Is that what you said? Blessed? No, I said Blessed Black Big back. I thought you said big Back. You feel, you feel like a big back after Thanksgiving. Amen. Definitely. Okay, let's get into it though. Like you mentioned NV earlier, president Biden, he has in fact decided to pardon his son. Hunter Biden said in a statement on Sunday that no reasonable person who looked at the facts of this case can reach a conclusion that Hunter wasn't signaled out. Only because he's the president's son adding that it is wrong. Now, he went on to say that there's effort to break. There was an effort to break Hunter, which in turn meant trying to break the president.


And that it was no reason to believe that it was going to stop there. So of course the news comes as President Biden previously said, he would not use his authority to pardon or commute hunter's sentence for his conviction on federal gun charges. Hunter is also to be sentenced later this month in a separate criminal case, after pleading guilty in September to federal tax evasion charges. Now the pardon with the cov. With the pardon? Excuse me. Covering both the gun charges, gun convic charges conviction and the guilty plea. Meanwhile, president-elect Trump, excuse me, is responding to Biden's decision to pardon Hunter in a post on truth social. Trump said if the pardon includes what he calls the quote January 6th hostages who have now been imprison for years, he went on to call it an abuse and a miscarriage of justice.


Yeah. Any thoughts on this? Pardon? Yeah. You guys saw this coming? Yeah. Well, I don't know if I saw it coming. I wasn't thinking about it. But Hunter, hunter was singled out because he broke the law. Let's, that's number one. He was singled out because he had an illegal gun and tax evasion charges, not because he was the president's son. And. I honestly don't care. I just want Democrats to stop acting like they are on this moral high ground politically when they have shown us they're not You know whether it's skipping the primary process when Biden stepped down and things like Biden pardoning his pardoning, his son, stop acting like y'all are the pure party and Republicans aren't. And it also shows me elected officials can do whatever they want as long as they have the political will and courage to do it. Absolutely. But let me ask you a question. I know at first, hunter was only supposed to get, I guess community service and probation.


And then when that was supposed to happen, they pulled it off the table and they said that Republicans forced him to get charged. But is that true? And that's the reason why he was, pardon? I'm not necessarily, oh, I'm not sure why he was necessarily pardoned because You know. You know. 'cause at first he was supposed to only get probation and then they pulled that back and then gave him time. Right. I don't know nothing about that. I thought he was facing 42 years in prison for illegal gun possession and tax charges. Get My son out. What you talking about? Yes, he definitely, yeah, because he, he lied on paperwork to get the gun and he was addicted to drugs at the time. Yep. And You know he supposed to be addicted to drugs when you get a gun. So that is how he quote unquote illegally obtained the gun. Hmm. So there was that. But moving on, the Trump adminis, or excuse me, this now comes as Trump is nominating Cas Patel to serve as the FBI Director.


Patel worked as the, with the Secretary of Defense during Trump's first administration. In his announcement he said that Patel is America first and he's going to, he's a fighter who spent his career exposing corruption, defending justice, protecting the American people. Patel has called for a purge of enemies in the FBI, the Justice Department and US Intelligence agencies. He's also promoted conspiracy theories that the 2020 election was stolen and that federal employees were a part of the deep state trying to overthrow Trump. Looks like we're running outta time here. Do you think you, we you think we got Time? You married the lead. He's also coming to lock up us. Lock Up. Lock us up. Yeah. Media As well. He's the one who said he's coming to lock up any media folks who don't have nice things to say about the Trump administration.


I'm Not going away. Yes. Yeah. I'm nice about the Trump administration. No. Now you nice. I'm, she wasn't nice yesterday. Oh God. All y'all look, I'm like, I'm, I'm not sure we have time for the audio that, and He's scary too 'cause he cross-eyed. So He crossey are Scary You. know what I'm saying? You don't know who a cross cross-eyed person's staring. You Got the audio yo's crazy. A cross-eyed person in the room. You just gotta be on alert You know who not the who grilling right now. Oh my gosh. I'm looking at you. Nah, I'm looking at you. I'm looking at both of y'all. But yeah, anyways, the bottom line is that there does need to be a separation between the FBI and the, excuse me, and the executive branch.


So that's essentially what they're hoping for. And they don't think, or excuse me, they Mayor Dems right now, do not believe that that would be the case. If he is in office or if, if he is selected, that that also needs to be confirmed by the Senate. This nomination does need to be confirmed by the Senate. But we'll get more into what's going on all in DC More at seven more front page news guys. Yeah. Thank you Morgan. Alright everybody else get it off your chest now. Now Jess, let me ask you a question. Why y'all I see two cell phones. And I. See your laptop. It's Cyber Monday. You shopping, you Already, I just seen you pushing buttons. Is SA money you getting your deals on? Yes, But it's also, I'm also offering deals on messy vision and Dr. Who It's cyber by Monday for my products too.


So people y'all get y'all. Y'all get y'all stuff And. I Definitely. What deal she got Christmas shopping. What? I said what kind of deal? Sheen got I don't know Why. Why he trying to say you shopping on? That's what he trying to say. He trying say you shopping on A sheet I don I. don know. I know. But Friday I got good. I got like stuff for like a dollar. I got these stockings for like 32 cents. Like yes it is real great. It was great. 32 cents sheen. Oh you wanna fashion over everybody? Yeah. Mm. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 105 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Call us up now. The. Breakfast Club. We're somebody machine like him. Be waiting. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Jay from Miami. Jay from Miami. What's up? Get it off your chest brother. Man, I'm just blessed. I can highly play with like Charla may say I had a great time with my son for Thanksgiving. Me and the mom separated, but man we had, we had such a good time. That boy just loved me man. And, I. Just appreciate it today. Aw, That's what it is brother. You don't get to see him every day. Nah, nah. She lives in Savannah. And. I live in Miami so he ain't even want to go back. But You know. It was just amazing man. I just enjoy every time with him. That's all it was, man. Yes sir. All right. Thank you brother. Have a good one. Have a good holiday. Alright?


Yes sir. You too. Have a happy holiday. Hello, who's this? Hey guys, it's Sandra, the Haitian therapist. Hey Sandra. Hey sae. I heard you in forever. Sandra, where you been at? I I know working You know as busy seasons for depression and anxiety. Yes, it is seasonal and seasonal depression is a real thing around this time of year. So I listened to the Dr. Cheyenne Bryant interview. And. I just wanted to make clear that she is not a licensed therapist. Oh. Some of the things she was saying was pretty concerning. Oh. Especially with saying people can't change. That's the foundation of our whole You know thing is that you can change and that it would be completely unethical to see a wife and a husband separately and then together for couples counseling.


That is not something that counselors can do. Hmm. I think people took out, they took it outta context when she said you can't change though. She was just saying that you gotta be willing to, to shift something in you first before you make a permanent change. No, I Didn't. That understandable She said that. Nah, I Didn take that because even, even you questioned it like You. know what I mean? Like she Correct. She said that after you question it Said people they don't change. She said people pivot that that change. Correct. No, she said the pivot starts to change. Not true. No, she said the pivot that Is like the basis, she said the pivot starts to change therapy that you can change. Yeah. She said the starts to change Connie. He is like my number one. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't have gone into private practice.


'cause solution focused brief therapy is my favorite. It's the best Modality. Yes he Is. It is absolutely the best. You should, everybody should pick up Elliot Connie's book, change your Questions, change Your Future. It's out right now. And Thank you for calling because you Can change. No problem. Alright. And And check out the Family Therapist podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network hosted by Elliot Connie. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. James from the Carolinas. What up? Get it off your chest. What part I'm from? I'm in Lumberton. Lumberton. All right. Get it off your chest brother. Yeah. I wanted to ask y'all, when y'all interviewed JAL White, did he happen to mention what it was like to work with Michael Boogaloo Shrimp Chambers?


Who The hell is that? Michael? Woo. Y'all. Y'all don't remember him? Man, that's turbo from breaking and breaking two I. don remember Breaking was my movie. I we can ask him about Boogaloo. Oh nah, I ain't know where he worked. He was in a movie. Nah, he he was in one of the episodes on Family Matters. He played this Urkel bot. I don't Remember that. Nah, we didn't ask him about that one brother Salute the Turbo though. You threw me off And you said Michael Boogaloo? Yeah. Yeah Boo. Yeah. You ain't ask him about that one brother. Terrible. Yeah man it I just, I was just wondering. Alright. Right bro. That's crazy. I never knew Turbo's real name till you said it. And. I thought Boogaloo was the light-skinned one with the heck that wore the hat And the nose ring.


Yeah. I ain't know. That was terrible. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now. He'll tell you what it is. We lied. Hello? Who's this? Hey, What's up? This is Carlos from Indy. Carlos From Indy. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Oh Man. Good morning man. I'm just wanted let y'all know that I'm blessed. I'm surprised I got through my coach. Got the dove And I. Wanna shout out to my wife and kids.


Okay, that's what it is brother. Have a great day and good week. Yep, you too. Alright brother. Hello. Who's this? This Chantel. Hey Chantel. Good morning. Good morning. I just wanna say good morning to you guys. And I. Hope y'all have a happy Thanksgiving and a upcoming Christmas and shout out to my son. It's his first birthday. Happy birthday call. Congratulations Carl. Thank you. Y'all have a good day. You too now. Bye-Bye. You Too. Now. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Jasmine. Hey, good morning Jasmine. Get it off your chest. Well I wanted to say good morning Jasmine. It's Andie. And I. Hope y'all had a great holiday weekend. We did. Thank How was your weekend? You very Well. That's what I'm calling for. I'm really calling to talk to you uncle.


I'm struggling with a lot of anxiety right now. I just made a big move from Charlotte to Georgia. And. I be lying if I said I wasn't dealing with a little bit of depression. So I was just walking through some words of Encouragement. I tell you what Sarah, Jake Roberts once said about anxiety, You know And I think I really do believe this. You know whenever you're trying something new, whenever you are doing something new, you're going to have a a a sense of anxiety. Right. And that that could be a good thing because it means something to you. Like You know, anxiety isn't always negative, it isn't always bad. Just you're trying something new. So why wouldn't you have some form of anxiety being in a new situation, a new location? Yeah. It's just scary leaving a alive at home. I understand. But it's supposed to be.


Yeah. I appreciate it. I just needed to hear some, some encouragement. And I. Thank y'all. You Got this. You gonna be fine. You right where you, you right where God wants you to be in the moment that God wants you to be there. So you gonna be fine. Amen. Thank you. Have A good one mama. You too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let me, so let me ask a question. Black Friday deals right? For the last 10 years it was all about TVs and getting TVs cheap. Absolutely. But now TVs is cheap. Yeah. So what's popping on Black Friday now? Clothes you See she said she got stops for 32 cents. Yes. Clothes, makeup. Clothes, makeup. Okay. All all types of stuff. But people Don't be running to the stores Fighting people for That. And bundles, listen, they fighting for bundles. It's on Hell yeah. They fight on bun.


They they fight over bundles when it's regular Friday. Oh okay. You know. But yeah, it is a bunch. The Holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip and a flat beater.


So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now. What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's.


Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details. The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through.


Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa. Whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon.


And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new.


Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information.


See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Just like as As a woman I'm speaking as a woman, all the stuff like cosmetic stuff and everything that we like to look good with. Got you that that's like 80. So bundles is the tv. 90% off bundles Question. Do you need a cyber? But Monday when everything is digital, well didn't they have Sales Friday? People, You getting too deep with it saying You need a Cyber Monday when everything is digital, Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yes. That's A lot of stuff that happened over the break. And I hate that. Every time we off some big, like everything happened, we come back.


Ain't nothing going on. So we gonna cover everything that happened while we were gone. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is Gj NV just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess is real. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don't Lie. She Don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on.


All right, so Kendrick Lamar dropped the surprise album and it's crazy. We was at work and then he dropped it right when we went home that Friday before break. Yep. And I. I ain't gonna lie. I love it. I love it's hard. I listened to its tough And I Love How, how short it is. 'cause then you can listen to it. You, because that's Dissect thing. A album, a Kendrick album is one of the hardest things to me. But I do it. I you have to listen to his albums more than once. But this one you get everything. I I got almost Album's hard. It is You know people is trying to say that. He's trying to show that he's better than Drake, but I think he's tried to show he's better than everybody. This Is, yeah. What are y'all talking about? That's, that's he he got busy on that Album. Kendrick has not been in competition with nobody for a very long time. Y'all. That's Right, that's right. What you talking about? That album is great. Yep, Yep, yep. He's the plus prize winner.


Let's not forget that. And then wagged out Meryl's Kendrick addressed Snoop Dogg and Lil Wayne. And so Snoop actually big up them You know K do new album GN X. Now listen, real quick before we get into the responses. Is it goodnight X Genix or GN X GN X? Because you never know what, What's GX is a type of car. GN X. Okay. I I don't know. I just know it's nice. It's, it's a very popular car in in LA culture. Very limited, very limited edition. They only made it for one year. And I. Think they made just a couple of hundred. It's like a hundred. And if you wanna buy it now, all right. One just sold this week for like 116,000 on grandchildren. Oh one. It was a black grand national. Wow. Okay. So that's what that Grand National, it's a limited Addition to The Grand National because I know I'm not the only one that had this question. Don't be looking at me like, oh, what?


He had A picture of the car on the cover. Okay. I don. I No, you're right. I asked that question too. I asked my homies on the West Coast, I said, what's the significance of the gray next? And they, they, they broke it down because Kendrick is so damn coated. We don't know. So it could Been asked my man glasses Malone that last week. Absolutely You know. Right? It's them in addition to the Grand National. But Wayne reacted and he said, man, what the FI do? I just be chilling. And they still come from my head. Let's not take kindness for weakness. Let this giant sleep. I beg you all. No one really wants destruction. Not even me, but I shall destroy it if disturbed on me. Love. It's Crazy. Now listen, Lil Wayne is the top five mc of all time. Absolutely. If you're being objective. Right. I have to put Lil Wayne in my top five. He don't want no problems with Kendrick right now. And the reason he don't want no problem with Kendricks, right. Kendrick right now is because emotionally, mentally, and spiritually, Lil Wayne is not on the level to get outta Kendrick.


Hmm. Because Kendrick would break down Lil Wayne's whole life. Yeah, yeah. In a very therapeutic way. Yeah. And, and it's not even, but what he said didn't cause for that reaction to me. No, that's all he said. My hard work, I guess he let You know, let him down. But I did feel like You know. It was like, I was surprised that Wayne took that approach that he did when he responded about not doing the Super Bowl or whatever like that. So I, I just don't think it was big enough for him to do that. But I mean, they gonna be them. Now Drake, on the other hand, he filed two lawsuits against UMG and that was the Monday after the album had dropped or whatever. Right. So he pro he filed a pre-action doc that's asking to be able to get all in G's business because he's going to file, he gonna file a suit, but he needs to know who's against it.


Like, like he's UMG paid for bots, influencers, and podcasters to make noise for like, to push not like us, to make it as big as it was right now on The same thing UMG has been doing for him his whole career. Yeah. But he, I'm sure he said he got evidence of like, all right, so basically one of the things that stuck out to me is what he said when he said influencers. It's videos of influencers like saying like, play Drake music. Like you can say it, the Siri like play oh, certified Love Boy. And then it take them to not not Like us because that's because these, these things pick up lyrics too. So, so if you dont, if you don't know the name of a song and you say keywords, it'll pull up the song. So if you say certified Loverboy in that moment, during that week Yes. Not like us would come up.


Yeah. Yeah. And then we, you predicted this, you predicted this six months ago on Brilliant Idiots. It's one. What is the next move for Drake lawsuit? No, Zel. Sue, lemme tell you something. Drake is half white. Exactly. Okay. Drake Mama's side of the family is like, oh no Aubrey. No. This man is out here calling you a pedophile. Not Aubrey. Listen, there's probably people at night, there's probably people at Universal. They're people that got real vested interest in Drake that is a multi billion dollar entity. Yeah. They like, you gotta protect your name. Call that rap. Call your cousin, call your cousin who's the lawyer. So this, he's not suing. And then he And, I did predict that he did.


I charged for that too. But it don't work when I charge. Oh my God. Yeah. But he basically feels like Yo G and he's suing and he's not suing Kendrick. A lot of people was in the comments. So you suing 'cause You know he's suing UMG and Spotify basically saying like, y'all like y'all, y'all let this man call me a pedophile on his song. That costed me money. Well He's not suing anybody yet. He just filed a petition. Well Pre Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it would, it wouldn't be against Kendrick. No, it would be UMG and Spotify. Man. Please You know Kendrick was in that house. I ain't shoot at Kendrick. I just shot up the house. Knock it off. Okay. What are you talking about? Right. You know what you doing. It just showing me that Drake does not understand culture because not like us was a cultural phenomenon. You know, like you, you can't program a record like that.


Like it wouldn't surprise me if one day California made not like us. Their actual state model. That's how big that record is. Yeah. And it was, it had, this had nothing to do with programming a playlist or paying a radio. Yeah. I thought the lawsuit was, was whack. And the reason I think it was whack is is Disc records and, and talking about people in records have been going on since the beginning of hip hop. And not only that, if I'm not, if I, if correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Drake throw shots at Kendrick that necessarily weren't true too? Yeah, he said Kendrick beat his woman. He said that Kendrick's woman's one of their children was was was Dave free his man's child? Yeah. That's what got this. By the way, if anybody wanted to sue for defamation, it could be Kendrick's girl. Mm. She got the slam dunk defamation suit because she's a civilian.


She's Not A civilian. It's hard to prove defamation against public figures. But she's a civilian. Correct. She don't got nothing to do with none of this. And you said she got beat on and you said that one of her children, it was somebody else's Not Kendrick's. Okay. That I thought that was whack wacko. I I think at this point, yes, you take the l you regroup and you put out an album and not the album party put out a rap album and then whatever you feel in that rap album, you say in them songs you Should take my advice Drake that I told you over the summer should take a year off. Yep. UMG did UMG spokesperson. He does real quick a spokesperson for UMG. They told us that the suggestion that UMG would do anything to undermine any of its artists is offensive and untrue. We employ the highest ethical practices in our marketing and pro and promotional campaigns.


So yeah, And I just don't understand because he's still selling records. He's still selling tours. He's still one of the biggest artists out there. I just don't understand that move. He's Light-skinned. You do understand. No, That ain't light skinned, Honestly. Oh yes it is. No it's not. It is the, it it's beyond light-skinned. Nah, that aint, but also too You know Drake is kind of shooting himself in the foot. 'cause what about when he puts out his next project and he want them little tricks of the trade that he's giving up. Because there was times where Drake's music would be at the top of the gospel playlist. Yeah. What the hell is he at the top of the gospel Playlist? That what God's player That no, it wasn't God's playing. It was a video that Wasn't gospel for my Dogs. Top of the gospel playlist. Why I don Dunno, You. know what I'm saying? You, you put, you put a song at radio and immediately Drake's song is everywhere.


Like come on. Like so what happens when UMG doesn't use those tricks of the trade for his next project? Mm. Seems like he's trying to get off UMG. I just don't think this is the right way to I don do it. I don. I Don't think he's trying to get off. I think this hurts himself. I I mean there's, there's other distribution houses, but I think he wants to Mg he just read up two years ago. That's the other thing everybody keep talking about this is he's in the middle of negotiation. He just read up like two years ago for 400 million. He Isn't in the, in a middle of renegotiation now. Just read up. Two years ago they said, they said he gave Yeah, 600, 600 million. Now they said he made that $400 million back, I guess allegedly from touring and album sales. But they're renegotiating allegedly now. I don't believe that. That's what they said. I just think people are making excuses for Drake because they like Drake because the same way Drake was sitting on the CN tower, people would be sitting on Drake's penis just like that.


Oh my God. Oh, Drake got the greatest d riders of all time. Yeah, That's Just for the master I. don. I ain't I don Dunno. You with the Dro? Yeah, Because I'm trying to think about, oh, okay. D riding. Alright, now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. There was a a lady, do we have audio of the lady, of the woman at all at Thanksgiving? No. No. They, they're about to put it in. They're saying it's in, they're pointing at you and saying it's in. Now this lady got a thank him. Pause God damn Called cup pretty much. So this lady over Thanksgiving got mad at her family because she said last year Thanksgiving was very expensive. It cost her over $500.


So this year when family members came, she had spaghetti. Okay, got the audio. We're trying to do spaghetti for Thanksgiving. It's, it's a lot easier. You try to keep up with the tradition of Thanksgiving. But the way groceries are, unless you're doing a potluck, if you put it just on one person, it breaks the bank instead of spending close to $500. I figured I'm gonna keep it simple. You spent almost $500 last year. Yes, it was egregious. It, it hurt to say the least and then to turn around knowing that rent was due the next week. But me doing that. Beans, greens, potatoes, tomatoes, jam, lamb, ram, ham, hog. I'm not doing it.


I ain't got the buns. You feel like you're taking the holidays away from your kids or your family? I'm just happy that we get to experience it. Even if it's not You. know the mashed potatoes and green bean casserole type of situation. Damn. I mean I, I get it, I get it. I mean the family was mad. They wanted they, well the people were talking in the comments, they were upset. They was like, that's kind of whack. But Thanksgiving bring me some money, bring me some food or something then. But I thought Thanksgiving was about family. It is the family coming together. Whatever you could provide on your table, that's all that matters. If that's what she could afford, how you It was just spaghetti. It was just spaghetti. It was just bread. It's just bread. But at the end of the day, you want your family together. The fact that you got your parents, your grandparents, your cousins, your brothers, your sisters. I think that's what it is.


It's more so about being thankful. Well let's open up the phone lines. What's your thoughts? (800) 585-1051. You go to Thanksgiving for You know for your family member when you get there. They got spaghetti. How you feeling out there? Let's, let's discuss, let's talk 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How would you feel if you showed up and they were serving spaghetti? Let's talk. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. So some quick sports. Now over the weekend the Chiefs beat the Raider. 1917 the Colts beat the Patriots. The Texans beat the Jaguars Packers beat the Dolphins. The Cowboys beat the giants. The charges beat the Falcons Seahawks beat the Jets. Steelers beat the Bengals. Commanders beat the Titans.


The Vikings beat the Cardinals. The Rams beat the Saints. The Eagles beat the Ravens Buccaneers beat the Panthers and the Bills beat the 49 ERs. All righty, Monday Night Football, the Browns take on the Broncos at eight 15 tonight. And don't Forget to say that the Dallas Cowboys are still in the hunt You. know what I'm saying? Flew to my cowboy nation. We five and seven. When you look at when they show like the division leaders and the wild card, they got us still in the hunt. Okay? So that means our Super Bowl. Chances are still alive baby. You never know what can happen in life. That's not gonna happen. That's not good. Morning Morgan. Good morning y'all okay? Yeah. Thank y'all. Wrap that whole thing up. Right on up. That's why the Ravens lost yesterday. They got, Hey listen, Hey, but the Steelers did not.


So I got two teams up here. Wait, You can't do that. I'm sorry boo. I can't, I I watch both. I can't Say you can't do that. You got two teams, you got the commanders in the Raven. But you telling They in different divisions. I know well enough not to D two teams that are rock bulls. I'm sorry boo. I love it. It's happening. Okay, anyways. Yeah, look, Y'all can identify with whatever y'all want to identify as until January 20th, after January 20th, after January 20th. It's a dumb boy. It's a wrap. No more Speaking of which President Biden's national security advisor says the US is working hard to secure a ceasefire deal in Gaza. Talking about You know what's going on overseas right now. In an interview with NBC's Meet the press Jake Sullivan insisted the US is involved in ongoing talks between Israel and Hamas.


A day after the militant group released a video of the Israeli American hostage Eden Alexander, let's hear more from Jake Sullivan regarding what's going on in Gaza. And we are doing everything we can to get those hostages homes safely to their families. We were in touch with Aons family yesterday. We are engaged deeply with the key players in the region and there is activity even today. There will be further conversations and consultations and our hope is that we can generate a ceasefire and hostage deal. President Biden pledged coming off of the announcement of the Lebanon ceasefire that we would be working round The clock to produce a ceasefire and hostage deal in Gaza. Should have been having this conversation two, three months ago before the election Idiot.


So in that mm, in that video, Alexander Kent and Aon Alexander Ken be heard pleading with President-elect Trump to secure his release. He was serving in the Israeli military when he was taken captive during the Hamas led October 7th attack on Israel that roughly killed 1200 soldiers and civilians. Now Israel, subsequent attacks in Gaza, have killed at least 44,000 Palestinians. Meanwhile, national security advisor, Jake Sullivan, said that there needs to be a human, there needs to be, there is an urgent need, excuse me, for an humanitarian aid in Gaza. Now this at the United Nations Aid Agency said overseas Palestinian refugees said they will be pausing aid deliveries through one of the most important border crossings into Southern Gaza.


They're saying that they're not having an issue getting the aid to the two in Gaza, but they're having an issue moving around inside of Gaza. So Sullivan said the US is working tirelessly of course to reach a ceasefire deal that would allow that humanitarian aid to be dispersed. Now You know it is tis the season for the big back You. know what I'm saying? And over 3000 deaths are reported. Each us are reported in the US each year because of foodborne illnesses. Probably because many of y'all still eating on those leftovers. Now let's take a listen out of the gospel applies regarding leftovers. Y'all can't keep eating leftovers at this point. They either need to be in the freezer or they need to be thrown away. No more Thanksgiving leftovers. Let's hear from PLA on that one. It's a cap on the leftover you that can't keep eating them leftovers as long as you want to.


Man, some of y'all might wanna write this down because I finna give you the calendar and the itinerary for these leftovers. You cook the food on Wednesday night, Thursday you ate the food Friday, that's when it was his best. Saturday. You're pushing it. Sunday. Ain't no more leftover bitch Monday you tripping Tuesday. Yas getting worm. If you still eating them leftovers. Wednesday hospital thirsty dead. That's just the bottom line for these leftovers because some of y'all think you can just eat the leftovers. How long you want to eat 'em. It don't work like that with the leftovers You know what I came to the conclusion about this week. I don't really like Thanksgiving food like that. Really? I don't like Turkey. I don't like, I don't like it when it's fried.


I don't like Any more or you just saying period. I just don't like, I like Turkey wings. Like when they smother in gravy. Yes, but I don't like this plain slices. The Turkey yams is cool. I don't do mac and cheese. I like dressing if it's cooked right. Like my, my my, we had a seafood dressing this year that was good. But I don't really love Thanksgiving food. Like yeah. See we Don't do typical Thanksgiving food. Like we do jerk Turkey, we do oxtail, we do mac and cheese and then we do this You know the rice and stuff for the kids. But we don't do, we do the yams but we don't do typical Yeah, I think that's what needs to change the menu on Thanksgiving. Yeah, the menu. Everybody just need to make what you like to make. Yeah. That's what we do. You know what I'm saying? We used to stay in that And I used to hate it 'cause the the, I hated the way Turkey tastes. I hated it. But yeah, now when I host man we do jerk Turkey, we do oxtail, we do stuff that I like That you make.


Yeah. See I, I cook but I, we didn't do a Turkey. Turkey is dry to me. Alright. So I did Turkey wings. I did salmon, I did, we did crab legs of course did salmon. We had to do the little crab legs. You know because I'm from Baltimore. Oh Maryland. And then we had fried pork chop like we, we did like sauerkraut, pigtails, all that. Like yams. We Yeah, that's what I did. I made all that. Yeah, right. But it was no left. It was none left. So we didn't eat on leftovers forever. Like all that food was gone by Saturday. Yeah, Lamb chops and all But You know what, That's why it's always so many leftovers because don't nobody really like Thanksgiving food. That's and the only problem and the only reason we do Turkey is 'cause my kids feel like they have to have Turkey. 'cause it's Thanksgiving some for the kids. Yeah. And that's why we do the joke. But other than that, like you said, that's not gonna be my go-to, I ain't gonna be like, I want some Turkey Today now.


That's why it's always so many leftovers. 'cause don't nobody really like Thanksgiving food. Yeah, yeah. Alright, well that's your front page news. I'm Morgan with Follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeart Radio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Y'all have a great day. Thank You. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. All right, well let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. You go to Thanksgiving dinner and You know your family can't afford it and you are expecting everything. Turkey, greens, ham, potatoes and all that. But all you get is spaghetti. What's your thoughts? Let's discuss. Is The Breakfast? Club? Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Daddy Calling my phone Man it It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We were talking about this woman who hosted Thanksgiving dinner at her crib. She said last year it cost her over $500 and she couldn't afford it. So this year she did spaghetti. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts on that? What you think Jeff? I know some people probably got, they like, is this a baby shower? Like You know 'cause spaghetti. Spaghetti people were mad because They expected a spread. I get it. This the thing. I would've been mad I she could have told them before they got there, to be honest with you.


I mean 'cause maybe she did not have it. Yo. Like to be honest, spaghetti that's a struggle. That was a struggle meal. Like growing up for around my way You. know what I'm saying? And And I felt, I felt like if she didn't have it, she just didn't have it. Why didn't y'all bring food? Or she could, but she could've told them that before they got there. Only thing y'all gonna be eating is spaghetti. Like if y'all can pitch in and help me cook or help me buy stuff, that's better. But I never looked at spaghetti as Aru meal. I looked at it as a, as a delicacy. Nice. Okay, nice. That was a gourmet meal with, with two pieces of white bread and some corn. Then it's not spaghetti no more. That sounds different. No, like spaghetti and this some corn on the side You. know what I'm saying? This corn on the side of some white bread. But we, We were struggling so we didn't have the corn. We just had yellow Corn and spaghetti.


We just Had the, the noodles and we didn't have ground beef. Now Noodles and butter, we just had the noodles. Just noodles and butters a struggle. Milk. But if you got the noodles, sauces, brown beef and the sauce and some white bread and corn. Oh that's a full cooked meal. See I don't eat red sauce so I eat spaghetti with butter. That's what I like. Oh wow. That's, that's what I like. I don I don't eat spaghetti. I don't eat lasagna with no butter. I'm good. Okay. As a kid Y'all was struggling huh? No, we wasn't struggling. I just didn't like red Sauce. Oh that's just what Y'all like. You not black dude either. Oh my. You keep forgetting that he's, that he's not black. I am black and funny. I posted a picture of my dad. They was like, you must be adopted. No, I'm black's Messed up. I'm I'm No, you might be adopted. I'm not adopted. I'm Black. He might be. He ain't Telling you yo I'm black.


He not like us. He's not he. I'm about to show you. Hey yo. And I about to see you. About to see you defamation. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Good morning. Hello? Hey. What's up man? What's going on? I ain't even know y'all had connecting man. Good morning. Going to peace to the God. What's going on King? Peace King. How are you? How you feeling? Peace. I'm good bro. But look right. What's up light skinned. Peace, peace, peace but lights. Tell 'em keep they ass home man. Keep their Ass home. You mean. If You're not grateful and they're not thankful, keep their ass home. If you're not, keep your ass home man. That's how I'm looking at it man. Family is everything. I think you coming over to celebrate Family Give thanks all crazies, You. know what I mean?


You can't contribute, you don't like to. The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series Stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater.


So it can do a lot of really cool things.


The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The holidays are here, and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon.


Got it. And please remember,


Amazon Cyber Monday Deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break.


First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior.


A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well?


Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today.


Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts.


State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need.


We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint, is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. A State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com. Home. Man, that's simple That I'm with you. It's about family. Forget all the food stuff. The the fact that you got family alive and healthy and together. That's the most important thing, Not I don. Think given what you mean given the most important thing is the food, but You know family together. Then the food second, you should eat. That ain't true y'all.


Y'all don't, y'all don't wanna sit around staring in each other face starving. All right. Y'all don't like each other that much, but I do feel like you should ever cook what you can afford. Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? You don't gotta jump out the window. And in this case, that's what she did. That's right, Brittany. At least you Turkey ground beef for Thanksgiving. Good morning. My Turkey ground meat. Jesus. I Hate that. Good morning, Brittany. What's your thoughts? My thoughts is it's a walk in on Thanksgiving and to spaghetti. That's kind of disrespectful. If she needed help, she could have asked someone to bring a dish. Everybody understand that times is hard. But to sit up there and to just serve spaghetti and to not even give the option to offer to help. Yeah. If I walk in to call spaghetti on Thanksgiving, I'm knocking it over because what is this? Oh, now we fighting in the house.


You know now my mama, my my mama spaghetti Now we fighting. We fight, We not fighting nothing. I'm knocking it over because you should have asked for help. It's, it's about being thankful. It's a family thing. We all could have contributed and came together. Don't just take it upon yourself to ruin everyone's thanksgiving because you broke. She A stud. Damn. Yeah, she definitely a stud. You a stud. You a stud. I'm definitely not. I have a hole. My voice foot deeper raspy. Y'all got a lot of nerve trying to sit for me. Do you see them? You see them just identifying you as a stud for no damn reason. Exactly. Don't Do that. Exactly. Nobody. Nope. Y'all, y'all just gonna try to sit for me. I live in Detroit. We got snow. It's like 23 degrees. I got a cold. I'm not a, I'm not a sh I I'm just a snake with a little ratty voice.


You. It's hard. My bad. Yo, you right, you right, right. You get for profiling people. I know you right. She said I'm a snake. I'm in Detroit. No, Brittany. Sorry. Labeling people. My bad. Okay. She was just so aggressive. Assumed got in her, said I was gay and they said I was the man when You know eight, That Thanksgiving, I, I'm, I'm naturally aggressive, but Thanksgiving is my favorite. So to disrespect one of favorites it, it's gotta go there. I feel you. My bad. I feel you. The Phone ain't even hang up on, on it. You see, I Think aggressive show. Yeah. Thanksgiving is one of our favorites 'cause we like food and we like fellowship. Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? That's the reason it ain't because of, I don't even know what the hell Thanksgiving. I don't know what the meaning of Thanksgiving is. I don't know either. But I love the fact that family come over, we watch the game.


We play cards. We play board games. That's what it's about. Who cares about the food? Yeah. 800. No. Yes. The food is the most important thing next to the family. Stop saying who cares about the food because if you didn't care about the food you'd have your family on. You wouldn't Even go Nobody out. Yeah, you wouldn't go over there. What the hell was you talking about? 805 8 5 1 0 5. Want a magic on a Thanksgiving dinner. And when you get there, it's only spaghetti. How you feeling? Let's talk as The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I. Don't. If It's Turkey in the spaghetti. Turkey is it Ground Turkey? Turkey ground, ground Turkey. I. don know it just look like spaghetti. Spaghetti. We'll talk. It's the breakfast morning It. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it all it's topic times.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about this woman who said she wasn't paying for Thanksgiving dinner anymore. She said last year it was over $500. She couldn't afford it. So this year she did spaghetti. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? We got the pre on the line Dupri. Good morning. What Up breakfast bud? Yo, good morning Man. This is Dupre from Basket Man. We are not doing spaghetti at the Thanksgiving dinner table. The Pils was not eating spaghetti. Ma'am, we throwing it away. Damn. Not damn. You just gonna wait. She already broke. You gonna waste the food that she struggled to buy.


No, I, no, we we we can help out now. We can help out you. You just gotta say something. We can help out. But we is not baked beans and spaghetti at Thanksgiving. Nah bro, you messing up the whole menu bro. We need to, he we need to collard greens. We need the yams, the candy, yams at that. You better put some marshal Love candy yam. I agree with you biscuit. Yeah, no, they messing up the whole biscuit. They should have said something. Yeah, she just should have said something. Now if, if she do, you have at least a little bit of understanding toward the fact that that's the only thing that she could afford. Afford. Yeah. And. I mean and, and she can afford something different You. know what I mean? Bring some fruit You. know what I mean? Yeah. We still need some fruit. But the But the, forget it.


Yeah. Nah, nah. You trying to do something quick and easy. We need you to get in the kitchen. Okay. Get the kitchen. Okay. I appreciate y'all though. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, who's this? Hey, This is Bobby from South Carolina. How are you? Good morning, South Carolina. Good Morning. What part of South Carolina are you calling from? Most corner And boy three. What's happening? I was there last week. So What you thinking? Well talk to us. So I'm just delighting to her for bringing the family together. Had we have known, I would've brought the garlic bread. Somebody that could have brought meatballs or something. I don't know. But the fact that she did that and her family was together, that's all that counts. Yeah. But like y'all saying, nobody eating Turkey. Nobody eating a ham. So too many leftovers. Yeah.


You know what she had to do Now. See you. Absolutely. Right. Why they just didn't do a potluck? Yeah. Why we ain't, I just thought about that. Why didn't do a potluck? Everybody bring dish. Everybody bring a little dish. Right. I Literally said that. You did say that like the last 10 minutes. You did? Oh You said potluck? Yeah. Well no I didn't say those words and I'm like, why You said like 10 minutes ago? Yep. Right? Like why they just all bring food? Like that's dumb. Hello? Who's this? This is Lamar. Lamar. What's up? Where you calling from? I'm calling from Jersey. Alright, talk to us. Yeah, I be honest with you. Like if there's no food, it's the different ways you could look at this. If she cooked the spaghettis from scratch, I'm kind of good with that You know what I mean? If she gave me like raviolis or anything like that, then I'm gonna have to ask questions like, are you being funny?


Yeah. You, know what I mean? Or maybe you being creative. I don't know. You know there's starving out there. I don't know You know what I'm saying? But at the end of the day she got some food on the table. That's right. That's right. And and it's, and it's about being thankful for the fact that she got food on the table. That's right. I'm With you You. know what I'm saying? And Christmas is coming up so that You know November Thanksgiving's like the buffer. Yeah. You don't wanna spend too much money on that, that holiday. I'm with you. You gotta save all that for Christmas. You gotta Get the gifts for Christmas for the kids. You right. I do. You feel me? So it was like, I'm good. I'm not spending that bread. I'm spending the bread for Christmas. I do wonder why she didn't tell the rest of the family though. She spent $500 the previous year and she didn't have it to spend this year.


Why not just say that? Yeah, why not just tell the folks like, hey man, You know things tight. The cost of everything is up. That's the only thing. So y'all gonna have to chip in or y'all gonna have to bring your own dishes. If we gonna have Thanksgiving dinner, She should have said something. 'cause I ain't gonna lie. If I walk in the house, And, I only see spaghetti. I'm like, yo, damn. I had my mouth set on Turkey wings and all that. Like, and you only got spaghetti. So, and it and they must go to her house every year. Right. Like she must be the one that always hosts. But she ain't have it this Year. Imagine if that's a mother-In-law though, you go to your mother-in-law's house, you walk in into just spaghetti. Damn. And also too, now you're realizing why those Turkey drives and those food drives exist. That can be ignored is why they mean so much during this time of year. 'cause people don't be having, all Right, well let's go to one more caller.


Hello, who's this Aisha from Greentown, North Carolina. Hey, hey Aisha from North Carolina. How you feeling? I'm great. I just got for work. Good. Now what, what's your thoughts now? You get to, you get to the house and there's only spaghetti there. How, what you, how you feeling? So yes, I'll be upset, but at the same time, yes, groceries do cost money and, and if you really want me to cook that bad, then just sit in everybody, You know family coming over, gimme about 30, 50 bucks per family and I'll make something happen. That's right. Alright, well thank you. I Agree. You welcome. Y'all have a good morning. You too. Now what's the moral of the story Man? Do what you can, but definitely look out for your family. Help your family. You feel me? Don't, don't, don't be upset about, don't get too upset about it.


Like you said, in my opinion, Thanksgiving is about coming together. You know, like you said, the fellowship. I take both of what y'all said and put it together. Yeah. It's about food, it's about the fellowship, it's about the family and what you're most grateful and thankful for. You feel Me? And if you don't have gratitude, like if you go to somebody's house and you, you like, oh that's all you got a spaghetti. Yeah. And you're turning your nose up at it. You missing the whole reason for the season. Yeah, that's right. Isn't it about gratitude and Yeah. Giving thanks And I. And not only that and that's why You know and, and this time of the season, it's always a blessing to be able to give back. And that's why those Turkey drives those food drives where people get those foods. I know a lot of times they be like, yo, they just doing a Turkey drive. But as you can see that, that is well needed at times. People can't afford it.


So if you can make sure you do give back or even if you just can just go to those events and, and be a volunteer as well. And we got Justin the mess up. It's little DBT too, man. Yeah. Nah, for real and for real. But also, no, the moral of the story is they coulda went to Golden Corre this year Too. They on Thanksgiving. Yeah. This year they did this, they first time doing that where they had Thanksgiving dinner and it was like discounted crazy word. Turkey yams, everything. Like traditional Thanksgiving soul food, they had that. So if somebody come to my house, oh yeah, you only got spaghetti here, take your down The street play next year. Because how, how much you think could play cost four? Yeah. But they got everything there. They got the yams, they Turkey discount, they got ham, they got mac cheese.


You could and you could take it to go. You coulda took it to go. You don't have to go. You could've sit there. I mean you didn't have to sit there if you didn't want to, but you could have took it to go. Yep. Commercials was all over the place for that. Wow. Yeah. So, but yes we do got Ja with the mess coming up. Dru ski is in hot water after Casa. Not string. Ky ain't do nothing wrong man. Free Dru Man. Not free him. Nothing wrong. Crazy. He was mad. But we gonna get into that. We talk about it. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Welcome back. Back to the work week. Hopefully you're having a great morning. Yes it is. Happy holidays man. This really is the most wonderful time of the year. It is, it is absolutely my favorite season. I love being in different cities and seeing all of the different Christmas decorations up, regardless of if you celebrate or not.


I just like You know the, the energy. Yes. Yeah. It's beautiful. And then I was in Austin over the weekend, And I did shows at the Cap City Comedy Club. Austin is beautiful. It's like they, that the whole city is like lit up with Christmas decorations. They, they decorated literally almost every tree in Austin. Like they have, they decorate the stores just like how New York does, like Macy's does. Like the whole city was lit up. It was beautiful. I love the energy around All Santa be be dirty in New York though, huh? Like, like when you see like Santa in New York, beard be dirty. His Beard. Yeah. Which one? The white be dirty. No. Where is he at? You see him saying you see walking around the city Little, little. They beard dirty. Yeah. Man, that's not the right one.


The one on TM times squares. That's no, that's not the right one. That's like the, the costumes. The costumes be all dirty too. They got holes in the costumes and all that stuff. Mm. Don't don't judge us off that one. That's messed up. Yeah. But shout to everybody in Chicago. I was in Chicago, Chicago was very beautiful downtown. Yeah. When they put all the lights up and everything like that. Yeah, you're absolutely right. I love this time of season. It's The best. It is the most wonderful time of the year. Indeed it Is. Alright, well we got just with the mess coming up. What We talking about? Yeah, we do. Drew Ski was on Casta not live. And whew, the backlash she got from that was crazy. All right, we'll get to that next. So don't go anywhere as The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess. You music is real brother. This is Hilarious.


Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Do No she don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand Something that nobody Could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Okay. So Ksat, he just completed his live stream marathon. It was called Mafia. Th and that's when he streamed for 30 days straight. That is crazy. But Kai got the record back for attracting the most Twitch subscribers and a single stream. Wow. I thought that was over 700,000 people.


That's dope. Watch this kid Roberta. Yes. He's so young. He living his dream. He positive. I love, I love the energy from him. But of our moments stood out from the 30 day live stream. Okay. So for Thanksgiving they had a dinner, he had a dinner with his friends and they had like the Adams family. Yep. On the other side of the table or whatever. Right. And so Drusky had called the Kid Fat. What's Your name? Lil Fat. Yo, come on bro. Come on. Yo. Say that to me all night. Everybody call me the fat all night. I can't call fat, fat outta here.


No, no. Come on, y'all wanna have fat When, when it come to the kid without me. What about me? Yo. So the, the little boy was playing Pugsley from the Yeah. Yeah. He was at the end of the table And ply is fat and that's what the name means. You in order to play the character Pugley, you gotta get your little fat little kid to play Pugley. Yeah, I I I do get it. But this is what was overlooked. Okay, so Kevin Hunt actually is the person who said it first, but he said it under his breath and he said it too, Dr like he said like between me and You don't call him Fat. Yeah. Matter of fact, we got the audio, we can play it Between us. A little boy can stand to lose a meal too. You Guys have to stay up player.


Yo, that's constructive criticism. So so he started it Dip Dipped off. I, yeah. Was somebody line Here? Because I didn't even say I, I think it was a fact that Druke, he said it to the little boy. Right? He said it to him and as soon as he said it, the little boy started crying. Oh Damn. Yes, He started Crying. Oh, the Realties? Yeah. What, what you mean? I thought that they was all playing The. World acting That exactly. He wast acting. Exactly. No, no, he, oh he was really, really hurt. And his mom was there as well. But Dru, He was hurt because the food ain't hit the table yet. But that's what the problem was. You gonna have to apologize next year. You better calm down on this little fat boy now. Chill. He only eight years old. Yo. Jesus Christ. He's 80 years old. And Then Dki did apologize though. I got a couple drinks for but that ain't no excuse bro.


For real, for real. Like I'm a bigger dude. You a bigger dude. We on the same page. I really do apologize. I understand, I understand. We got the same mindset. I'm getting a little ahead of myself getting excited in here You. know what I mean? But I rock with you. What's your name? Joseph. Joseph. We good dude. Joe, you gonna go far? The problem I have with with this is if you are participating in these type of sketches and broadcast with Drew Ski, Kevin Hart, all the folks that be with Kai and that You know it's gonna be jokes. So don't have kids participate in those types of settings if you don't want the jokes to be directed that way. Yeah, yo, I get it. I get it. But he's eight years old. Old listen, I, He's a kid. I get it. I would've probably told Druke to chill out too. But I also know that's how we talk.


Especially if you don't know a person's name, You know what what I mean like yo chunk come in You. know what I'm saying? You know. Yo yo little chubby Little chub little chunk down there. Yo, What's up? Come on. But You know, think about it, he's eight years old and he's in, he's in elementary school now. He probably already get called chunky butt and Little Flubber like just all, he probably already You know our kids are these days. So why you typecasting your child then? Why you got your child playing a little fat character Pug Lee High is one of his favorite streamers. But you, you, you playing Pug Lee. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? You got him playing Pugley. But I'm sure the mom didn't expect him to be joking about that his kid Was fat. Exactly. And the mom had something to say too. Drew Ski insulted me multiple times.


Oh dear. And if you check on the YouTube video, they cut it out. Drew Ski was physically and mentally assault assaulting my son. Oh Lord. Calling my son a fat ass or whatever he was saying. But he's a big ass Silverback grill. He had no business to come on now talking to a nine Yearold like this. Yeah. My son was there to do a job for acting and that was not a part of it. That was just abuse. You were watching And once our son came out crying and told us everything, my son, my husband called Ky and Juki wouldn't come outside then 10 securities came, we got our stuff and we left I don't think anybody should have their kids around. Drunk men happening. They got something Mom. What? They broke the law. Oh they also broke the child permit loss.


She Called the man a racial slur. She called the man a big silverback. Really? Yes she did. She don't call her a black person a big still back. She did. She also said nigga in the audio too. But we had to bleep it out. But look, you see what I'm saying? That's the thing. She said she was there the whole time, but her and him and her and his dad was trying to get there. But the security wouldn't let him do. I mean 'cause it was wasn't interrupting alive. Right? Correct. So dad wanted Drusky to come outside but he wouldn't go out after that. Like it was Yeah, I I understand Kaki saw the sun. He was like, if the sun is big. I know, I know exactly. Big. But, but I will say this, the kid is eight years old so people are, they, they understand that. Nah Bro, bro, she called, she called him the N word and called him Gorilla I. don I don. But that's, that's her kid though. That's her Kid. That's her kid.


You not gonna call. I mean it is what it is. He said it on a low. He shouldn't have called it a fat little kid. But it's, it's at the end of the day too. It's also jokes. Yeah, you're on the stream with with with. I said that already. J and Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart, I that already, I made that point. But it but You know, you understand Why they upset and Kyle was confused when she said the physical assault part. You know. She and that's the lawsuit set up though. She was doing too much after a while. Yeah, she was doing too much. That's the loss. She realized how much money was in there. Kevin Hart is in there. Juy in there. Yeah. Kaisa not getting $5. A a a subscriber. Yeah. And he got 700,000. She she realizes how much money in that room now. Yep, Yep. Yep. They'll they'll settle fast. Yeah. I don she just trying to eat. Yeah, I hold up.


First of all, she not even big. You should see she not big. Yo. Just relax. I'm getting off of this now. But that that, that was crazy. I just think, I just think it was, it was also that he was drunk too. Like we, we saw how lives go. Not Did regardless. Juki did it regardless. Kevin, you think that Juki just like that Juki just cracked juice all Time. I'm talking about like how he went off like that. Like oh Y You know I'm I'm fat too. But you a grown ass man too. You know. It just is what it is. I don't know. I'm, I'm got mixed emotions about the situation. Little boy ate, he was crying. You know he was fat. Come on man. All right. TD Jake suffers. Oh my god. TD Jake suffers medical emergency. 'cause I was laughing. I don't wanna laugh about this last Sunday Don't you?


And you gonna start laughing. He did that. She gotta do this Reset. I don't Remember do it yet because we Yeah because we laughed. That was a good reset. High five. That was a good reset. He stopped laughing. It a reset. You just messed it up man. Oh man. Who you giving your donkey to? We need Drake to come to the front of the congregation. My God. We need him come in front of the You was holding This. He was waiting for this one Who came out? He, that's Not true. First day back light-skinned. That's not true. Yeah, right. It's the breakfast. So Good morning donkey. The day's next. Donkey up maybe. Damn the heehaw. It's time For donkey up today. I Ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I don. I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard.


Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey of today? Today, Well just hilarious Donkey of the day for Monday December 2nd goes to Arbery Drake Graham, we was on vacation all last week so I didn't get the opportunity to properly give Drake the credit he deserves for being stupid. But if you haven't heard last week frozen moments. LLC AC company managed by Drake filed a petition in the New York Supreme Court.


The Holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com


Accusing UMG and Spotify of engaging in a scheme to ensure Kendrick Lamars not like us, broke through on multiple screaming platforms. According to the petition, Aubrey Graham claimed the label used dishonest tactics to increase the number of listeners for not like us on Spotify and radio stations. He also filed another petition against UMG alleging defamation and claiming that the label could have stopped the release of not like Us, which the rapper said in the document is a song falsely accusing him of being a sex offender. Let's go to a BC news for the report please. Drake is filing a petition against Universal Music Group and Spotify accusing the companies of quote artificially inflating the spread of not like us by Kendrick Lamar in the New York Court filing.


Drake alleges UMG and Spotify deceived consumers into believing the song was more popular than it was manipulating the streaming services to make the song go viral. UMG released a statement saying in part the suggestion that UMG would do anything to undermine any of its artists is offensive and untrue. Now I told y'all back in May on my Brilliant Idiots podcast, I might have even said it here on Breakfast Club, I don't remember, but I told y'all Drake was gonna file a lawsuit. I told you Drake was going to sue. He is a multi-billion dollar entity. No multi-billion dollar entity is gonna allow you to call him a pedophile or a sex offender and not take some sort of legal action. But here's the thing. The person who has the real defamation case in this situation is Kendrick's woman because Drake not only said Kendrick was beaten on her, he said that Dave free Kendrick's business partner and friend was the real father to one of Kendrick's kids.


So if you're gonna accuse somebody of defamation, you must first make sure you two aren't guilty of defamation. Okay? Drake's saying that Kendrick defamed him is indeed the pot calling the kettle beige. But that's not even why I'm giving him Donkey of the day, okay? I'm giving him Donkey of the day because Drake is proving without a shadow of a doubt that he simply doesn't understand culture. I used to debate with my man glasses Malone drop on a cruise bomb for glasses. Malone, you can listen to his no sealers podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. I used to debate with glasses when he would say things like, Drake isn't hip hop. He would say Drake is not Culture. Glasses would actually say Drake is Madonna.


He's pop, he's manufactured and You know after this lawsuit, I have to say I agree because Drake doesn't understand how any of this works. Number one, not like us was very popular. Okay? Still very popular. It was an instant smash. Alright? Not like us isn't just a hit record. It's a rare cultural phenomenon. Records like that don't come along too often. Records like that can't be programmed. I don't care how much money you spend that radio or on playlist, whatever it is. When something is a cultural phenomenon, you can't buy that. Okay? You can't buy culture. Drake not like us, was a cultural identifier for a whole coast.


I wouldn't be surprised if California made the state motto. They not like us one day. Right now their state motto is Eureka. So they need an upgrade, okay? And they not like us, would absolutely be a better model. But that's what Drake doesn't understand because Drake is absolutely one of the biggest artists in The. World, okay? He has a coat like following, not just a coat like following. He has some of the most loyal D riders on the planet. In fact, drop on includes bombs for Drake's D riders. There are people amongst us who sit on Drake's penis the way Drake was sitting on the CN tower on the views album cover. Okay? But even with Drake's huge fan base. Don't think for one second whatever the label UMG was doing to promote You know not like us.


They were doing the same thing for you your whole career. Okay? If one of those disc records you put out would've taken off and been a cultural phenomenon like not like us, the record label would've pushed that too. How would, how would you be clowning Kendrick right now? If Kendrick said You know UMG, you didn't have to let Drake put that record out accusing me of beating my lady. You didn't have to let Drake put that record out saying my child isn't really mine. I'm trying to get you to see why you look like a complete and total sucker. Drake, okay? Not to mention once again, you are a huge artist but don't believe your own hype too much because those same tricks you are accusing UMG of doing but not like us, they have done for you your whole career.


There was a time when Drake was on the cover of every playlist on the browser page of Spotify. Okay? They did it with Apple two, I think it was called Scorpion season or something like that. And he took over multiple playlists on the same day. All I'm saying Aubrey is stop acting like you haven't been the beneficiary of record label technology. Okay? You being a whole hoe simply because you lost, simply because Kendrick Lamar kicked your ass lyrically mentally, spiritually and emotionally and anybody acting like this is anything more than Drake's feelings being hurt, you are ho too a Ovi ho to be exact. Okay? He's fighting the same war that Michael Jackson fought. Drake is taking a stand for the art and the artist people who are running with that narrative would hold Drake's penis while he pees and shake it for him when he's finished.


Okay? Drake has been handling this terribly since not like us dropped. And please, let's keep this in mind. Drake, you're in this position because you tapped out, okay? You chose to tap out after you heard not like us. Kendrick dropped too much tune for your head top, okay? He gave you euphoria 6 1 6 in LA meet the grams and not like us. It was too much for you because you didn't have to tap out after the hard part. Six, you could've went in the studio and gave us a bop. You the bop guy you could've got with some ghost riders went in the studio and wrote a hit to combat. Not like us, but you chose not to. You tapped out, Kendrick won and he told you to squabble up, not lawyer up, but you chose to get the lawyers because you lost the squabble.


Please give Aubrey Drake Graham the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You of the day. And I'm gonna tell Drake exactly, You know what I've been telling him since the summer. Take a break, go away. Let nostalgia bring you back. People will miss you. You see what j Cole is doing? People don't even care. He tapped outta the rap battle anymore. Hell yeah. You. know what I'm saying? Because he taking folks down memory lane with the audio scripted series he's doing. He got the 10 year anniversary of Forest Hill drives coming in a couple of weeks.


Yeah. Just announced Dreamville Just announced Dreamville Fest like yo people will, nostalgia will bring you back. You have that much history in the game Drake. But right now you need to take a break 'cause this Kendrick tidal wave ain't stopping no time soon. What was Michael Jackson fighting for? Oh, they said they were taking Michael Jackson down because he owned all the catalogs. He, he owned half of of so Sony ATV's publishing. Yeah. So they said He owned like damn near half of all the publishing in the music industry. So they said they were taking him down and And You know that I believe though. Yeah, that's the only Saying that was somebody was touching kids and and touching boys because of that. Yeah, I remember. Oh wow. That's why I remember all that. But okay then they try to compares compare to Michael Drake is gonna, all right, well let's open up the phone lines.


What's your thoughts? (800) 585-1051. Do you believe this lawsuit is warranted? Now do a lawsuit is not going at Kendrick. It's going at UMG. Oh please. And what he's saying That's like shooting up a building knowing Kendrick in there, but saying I wasn't shooting at Kendrick. I was just shooting up the building. And what he's saying is that he's in renegotiation contract and, and they are trying to pretty much Who I haven't heard him say this is this because this sound like what the Ovie holes is saying this like this, this what sound like all you you Drake stands are saying he's in the middle of negotiation. Negotiation sources believe that he's in reg in the middle of negotiation. Are he Sources beige? I don't know. Allegedly sources say that he's in, in negotiation of new contract and that he believes that they're trying to hurt his negotiation skills by calling him a pedophile and saying all these things that aren't true.


So he's suing. So let's open up the phone lines and say what's your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. He's suing UMG and Spotify. And Spotify. Yes. So we ask him what's your thoughts? Let's discuss what Spotify got to do with this. I think seriously the Spotify, I think the Spotify thing was when you say certified Loverboy and it goes right, everything goes to Kenrick. That is what it does for any, any song. Why you all With Me? If you say key words that are A record, just because life can irritated with I don dunno what whatcha arguing mean. I'm trying to You know give people a thing when they can call up here. Give more both sides. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And they're saying not only because of that, also because of the streams as well. Which streams? I guess they're saying they're patting the streams.


It's not like us is a cultural Why you Arguing with me? I'm just telling people so they get both sides. Not arguing. I'm not arguing. I'm saying not like us was a cultural phenomenon. Like, like records like that are red. That's like whoop dead is bro like what else? Like that? Like, like that. It was a cultural phenomenon. Hiphop Ray. So then if I don Hiphop, I don't know if hiphop Ray was there In the club. Mm, In the club. I don't know bro. I don't think so. I don Dunno That was back that ass up. Swag surfing Back. That ass up. Knuck if you buck, No, but don't, no, not like, not like us Swag surfing. No. Hell yeah. No, no. Tyler Swift was doing swag surfing at the wh Yeah, 20 years later Still It's still here.


No, It's not. It's still here. Alright, well let's open up the phone lines. Get your thoughts. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Freaky ass. He the 69 God The Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. djj nv just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you just joining us. Charlamagne gave donkey the day to Drake? Yes. Why? Because he being a hoe. Damn. Because He, Because he's suing. Well you filed a petition against UMG. Correct? Because he said that UMG has inflated the popularity of not like us by You know. What did he say? Lemme get the exact wording. 'cause he's, he's litigious, he claimed the label used dishonest tactics to increase the number of listeners for not like us on Spotify and radio stations.


He also filed a petition against UMG alleging defamation and claiming that the label could have stopped the release of not Like Us, which the rapper said in the document is a song falsely accusing him of being a sex offender. I'm gonna tell you something, this just lets me know. Drake don't understand culture because not like us was a cultural is a cultural phenomenon. And that's it's very rare air for a song to become what not like us has become. It is a cultural identifier for a whole coast. One day California is gonna change their state motto to not like us, guaranteed. We were talking behind the scenes and there's not too many songs that have been like that. We, we named Mc Hammer. You can't touch this. I I I only got two in my that I can think of. What's that? Mc hammer. You can't touch this and tag team whooped.


There is that were cultural phenomenons that everybody in their mother was singing. Their grandmother was singing and don't even know why the hell they singing it. So not back that ass up back that a negro spiritus. It's not, it's not a crossover. What? It's a Negro Spiritual. Yeah. Yeah. It's yeah. Swag surf Is a negro spiritual's. Not if you bucket is a Negro Spiritual. I'm talking about you can't touch this white people, old people. Yes. They were singing that Worldwide cultural Phenomenon. I never like the only problem with hoop there it is like, it was always confusing with whoop and hoop. Like it was, it was, but it was there. It is Like you could be on the street corner in America anywhere and somebody gonna have a bootleg, not like a T-shirt. Mm. You know what I'm saying?


Like, like that, like it's just rare. It's very rare air for a song to get in that space. Yeah. I can't think of too many. Like I only, I can only really think of three. I'm not talking about how a song being popular or being a hit record. I'm talking about a culture for presidential candidates this year. Both of them were using not like us. Yeah. Both. Both campaigns were using. Not like, like us. What About Jump Around? No, no. House of Pain. Jump around. Everybody does that. I love that. Yep. All right. Well let's go to the phone line. Popular record. Record five eight five one oh five one. Let's start with you first. What do you, what do you, what do you think about the lawsuit? I understand when it comes to like the part when he was just like, yo, y'all let y'all let basically him call me a pedophile. And I lost money behind that.


The only reason why I say I understand that is 'cause Yeah, this is like, yeah, like that you call me that people gonna run with that. I'm gonna lose sponsors. I'm gonna lose endorsements. I'm gonna lose, like, I'm gonna lose a lot of money behind that. Right? Yeah. He did the same thing. But to be honest, yo pedophile, that's like, that's y don't wanna be, that's something you don't ever wanna to correct. Be called You know. But you also don't, you don't wanna be, you don't want say, Hey, this man beat his his wife and you don't want say, Hey, this man's wife, if we beefing, we your child, your child is my, is my best friend's baby. Like I get that too. But that does not hold anything to yo you. Yeah, you mess with kids. But if you bring a knife to a fight, then I bring a gun. You can't be mad that I brought a gun. If you brought a knife. I heard. You see what I'm saying?


I got you Now. And I feel you. It, it is just, I pedophile just out ranks all of that for me. See, I just think I'm going to hell. I watched the video this week. I forgot who you was going at Jess. It is really slipping my mind right now. That's old though. I call somebody a pedophile. No. Oh, she, somebody came at you and you went crazy. Yeah. I guess. Was it Coy? Holcomb? No, it was a woman. Wendy. No. Jesus Christ. Who was, I can't remember who it was. It was somebody, I can't remember now. The problem with the lawsuit, I, I just, I don't think Drake read the room when it came to the lawsuit. Right. He was in a rap battle and you lost, you gotta take that l He Doesn't understand culture. You just gotta take that l and yeah, I get it. You said that he called you all these names and the label supported it, but you also threw shots at that man.


That wasn't true too. Yeah. So it's like, how, how do you live off off of that? You sometimes you gotta take that l Now what I think is that album that was supposed to come out with Party I don't think he should do that album. Yeah. That album shouldn't come Out next. Drake shouldn't come out for a year. He should do It. He, everything that he feels he should put in his music. That's why I think people like Kendrick so much and they like this album like the hard part six he's talking about that come up. It's a, it's a heart feeling song. How you get in the studio and say, yo man, write me a record. 'cause I feel like Ahoe right now. I feel like I got my ass beat You. know what I'm saying? I feel like lyrically, mentally, spiritually, emotionally. I just got my ass kicked. Write me a record about being ahoe. But that's Real though. Jesus, that would be better than the lawsuit though. If he did that, that would be better baby you. Right? Because then that's you, you still doing what you, you do you, you're doing music.


Right? Right. Whether I'm a hoe, I'm a hoe or whatever. Like you, you're not in court court, Jesus Christ. But he could write his own record. He ain't got a, he ain't gotta get a ghost writer and be like, y'all crazy. This guy throw how go my Ghostwriter write a record. I a ho like, what's wrong with you? So he don't use ghostwriters. Oh my gosh. I'm not saying that he can't write, but he, he's, he's never used ghostwriter, I. don don't think he would Call a ghostwriter and say You know what? I'm not ghost. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Crystal calling to Kansas City. Good morning. Hey Crystal. Good morning. What do you feel about the lawsuit That of all Go chief, what was Drake supposed to do? He should've did it a long time ago when he caught him a pedophile. And my thing is You know what Drake was supposed to do. Didn't He was supposed to rap. What? He was supposed to rap and he didn't.


True. He didn't have to tap out with the hard part. Six, we, that's what we're missing here. Drake gave up. But my thing is D Drake is winning. He still gonna see you with, but my thing is why don't, Kent, you have a hit without mentioning D Drake. That's true. D Drake done it thousands of times. You're a liar. And, I. Don't know why he No, I'm not. I'm telling the truth. No, you're Not. You, you're a liar. And, I. Don't know why people say that. Don't nobody Get in the car. Don't nobody get the car and be like, put on that Kendrick. That's a lie. Justice with Drake on It. I've been doing it for 15 years. She can't say don't nobody get it. Well you been doing 20 with Drake. It's crazy that, well, More people. It's crazy that people say that when Kendrick Lamar just came off a worldwide tour for his Mr. Morale in the Big Step tour and it was the highest grossing tour for a solo rapper ever.


Why? Like it made over a hundred million. Like why are we talking, why are we, why are we having this conversation? Like he's not a worldwide international superstar. Well, let's open up the phone lines. Oh, another cultural phenomenon. Sid just told us about what, who let the dogs out? Who let the dog? That's what, that's, that's what level not like us is on. Okay. Who let the dogs out? You can't touch this. Whoop, there it is. Yeah. Like it's one of them. That's Rare. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's your thoughts on this Drake lawsuit? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If he just joining us. Charlamagne gave Drake Donkey of the Day. Yes. That's because of the lawsuit he has versus UMG and Spotify. So we're asking what are your thoughts?


What a petition he filed, not a lawsuit petition He filed. Right. Hello? Who's this? Uncle Evie? Uncle Sharla or just what's Up From Brownsville? What Up? What up brother? Just auntie status. Yo, Shut up honey. Damn. Damn. What's up? What's your thoughts brother? I wanted, I wanted to let y'all know like Drake is being a so loser and it's due to the fact that it's like an equivalent to like a boxer getting knocked out for the first time. He don't know how to handle it You know what I'm saying? But the thing is, Drake been running the music industry for 10 plus years, 15 plus years. He like, it's, it shouldn't even matter You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. It's a battle. That's not his for, that's not his. Like his, his his major You know his forefront. It is not his You. know what I'm saying? That's not the thing he do. He's like a singer, rapper type of type of Person. What I'm realizing is Drake really can't take a hit because Exactly. We, we saw him with Meek Mill, right. And he delivered such a knockout blow to Meek that we was like, damn Right. Don't run up on Drake then push your tee. He ran up on push your teeth, push your teeth, made his eyes water. He quit buckled immediately. Boom. Took that one hit like, I don't want no problem. Yeah, he quit. Same thing here. He quit. He tried to go back and forth and listen. He, he fought but he got his ass whipped. Yeah. Hello? Who's this? Yo Envy? You know the vibes is Mellow. Mellow.


Yo. What's the word? How you doing Jess? How you feeling Baby? What's up baby? I'm good. What I tell you about Kobe? Oh my god. Yeah you do. Yo, how you feeling? What's up? Yo, what's up baby? Whoa. Alright. You don't, you ever, He little nervous. He, We not friends right now. Darla, we not friends right now. 'cause I know you don't like Drake. You use every reason to hate on him. But I'm not gonna hold you. At the last light-skinned meeting, we decided we sticking together. And I'm not gonna hold you. I want to sue Kendrick just for the secondhand embarrassment that I caught. Mm. I want to sue him because Drake is 70.


The Holidays Are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need, Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon's Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call Play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


5% of my Get my girl out of her mad mood playlist. And I haven't been able to play that recently because I the secondhand basketball I get from playing Drake. So I feel like I'm entitled to a compensation as well. Good job Aubrey. Very good job. Very good job. Get some money, right? Y'all gonna do a class action lawsuit against Compton, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Nah, not against, not against Compton. You feel me? Compton is very huge, you feel me? I don't wanna smoke with all of them You, know what I mean? But I just want smoke with UMG and Spotify. I'm not gonna hold you. I make music too. They ain't do that to my mix tape. My mix tape was fired. Where's Eli at? Who this? Hello? Hey, what's up? What's your thought?


Yes, yo, I just wanna give her a shout out to Jeff Bur for having a baby and coming back to work. We miss you a great it. Yo, this whole Jake is suing UFG, not Ken. Secondly, yo Charlemagne, what's your beef for Drake? You don't like the half white brother? Like yo, you was, you was big on and Kamala You. know what I'm saying? Like what the Hey, you wanna hold Drake's beef penis Wiley P And Shake it? Don't do that. Speaking of holding Drake's piece. Oh my goodness. Y'all gotta relax. We have OE Eli here Man. Eli looks so sad. I know. Take it easy on me. He is sad for the last month.


You Don't even got on no O yo gear today. No I don nothing on took off the O Gear. He can't even believe all every day he had on OOG. Now what Boxy short you got on it. Better say over your on it, Bro. That's just gay. If you want see like you ain't seen him in a week box. You got You. know what I'm saying? You know like, what the hell? They better be over it Better be O he got o everything on. But you ain't got nothing on Eyo on Damn. Eli's a Drake stand. Yes He was. How do you feel? No, I'm still, I still am. How do you feel? I feel fine. Drake and parked next door on the way and the tour. Yeah, Australia. Drake just announced the tour in Australia. How do you feel about this lawsuit though? Whole activities or Nah. What lawsuit?


I Know what I saying. Yes, OVI, Eli, don't nobody stand next to Drake. Yes, They don't like us. Oh bro, they don't like us. Wow, okay. Wow. Okay. Alright. Alright. Which sad ass. It should still sad. E Listen, I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm I'ma I'm want somebody to recreate the Views album cover. Right? Right. But instead of the CN Tower, it's a penis. Oh my God. And every Drake D rider you can think of, just have him sitting on top of it. Write up. Okay, we gonna call the views from the, that's that's what it's gonna be called. Right? Let's go to One more call.


Hello? Who's this? What up? Dope. It's your boy cj. Real Cj. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Detroit Baby. What up d What's your thoughts on Drake? Drake is bringing light skin out of it right now. You know what I'm saying? We not saying that song just like eat the or hit him up, but it's catchy and he hit You. know what I mean? So Drake just need to calm down with the BS You. know what I mean? It's a hot song, so let it go. Talking about when we, when we listen, when we listening to Beefs, we don't care about what they saying. We just wanna know if it's hitting on the beat. Hold on. What song are you saying is not like eat the Hit Him up? What you mean Not like us? It's not, it's not a, it's not a beef song or a this song like hit 'em up or not like us.


I mean, not like, I mean Ether. It's just a hot song and The World caught on to it. You know. That's all it was. Not like Us is the greatest. This record of all time, bro. No, it's not Char Man. Stop with the beat. It is, it is not the greatest this song of all. It's the, it's the greatest song of all time. And then I wanna say You know, shout out to d DJ Envy You know. 'cause he saved my Marriage Man Word. Aw, how'd I do that? Yeah, he, you saved my marriage when you got on that TV show and You know You, you had that bipolar disorder said that you Rashad at home DJ Envy in the street. So I'm a street guy. So I told my wife when I cheated, I'm a in the street, but IC real let the creep.


Why you hanging on that man? That's your advice. That's your advice. That's your advice. And he saved, man, that was you Don't get mad at that man. That was you. You should have Told him get The book all he did. Why you Not promoting? Right. All he did was hold the mirror up. That's what you, the Real, real life Real love is out right now. Up on that man for using your words Because he he didn't say it. Like I said, it Didn't said it exactly. He Said it. No, I didn't say it like that. He, he made it seem like it was a joke. It Sounded stupid when you said it too. We just understood. We he was fighting for your lock. So we didn't say nothing. But it sounded stupid then. No, they did the stayed It work. Oh my goodness. It down. What's the moral of the story?


Real life, real love is out right now. In my book with my wife, it's about a, it's, it's about relationship out out ups and downs. And you can definitely pick it up if you're having trouble in your relationship. It's a book that you should definitely read. Right? And hopefully it can guide you and help you in your situation get that Jesus Christ. What's the moral of the story though? They Not like us. That's I moral Drake just don't understand coaching, that's all. And there was not Listen man, there was nothing fabricated about not like us. It's just a rare cultural phenomenon. And I. And it happens. And I would have to say one thing, not like us is the best dis record ever. It's the Greatest record. You think so? You don't think so? I wouldn't say ever because I Don't think there's any record of I recently, well when he first dropped it and y'all was doing all the talk about the, the beefs back in the day, my dad had me listen to like Ether.


I never listened to Ether. I never listened to Pac and Big Eagle back and forth. I like that. But them, back in the day, they was trying to kill each other. So that was They That was real, real. That was rap though too. And I'm like, dang, they, they cut deeper than not like us or any of them. The the whole battle between drinking Kendrick not like us Me is lyrically vicious man. Certified love Boy certified. It just sounds funny. So you don't really think of what he's saying? Yeah, that last verse, once upon a time all of us was in change, homie still double down calling us some plays. He just, he man, he ruined Drake's life with that record Number one was that the number two? I I always say hit him up. Just, just the, the first line to hit him up was just like Jesus Christ. That was like the just Jesus Christ. Yeah. And it's the biggest, not like us.


It it was the number one record in the country. It's gonna win a Grammy. Yeah. Like it's the biggest. Yeah. And to me the best this record of all time, it just is. I mean, you got kids singing even the part, the part of the, and the singing part. The kids don't, I mean, it's, it's crazy. Are you my friend? Like, like kid, my mom, they kid kids be singing that like to, to each other. So It's gonna be on Kids Box. Yeah. No, It's no, no. You right. He Not like has to, We were at, we were at Sugar Factory this weekend and, and the guy was like, yo, what song you want hear my daughter son said, now they, they 12 and 11 not like us. And, and they don't know the words. All they know is wha wha wha wha WW They just know not like us. That's it.


I just wanna correct you Charlemagne talk to me. Drake's tour actually did 365 million to be exact. What I said was, I said Kendrick Lamar had the highest grossing solo rap tour ever with the Big step was tour. And he did hold that crown for a minute. But as of November, Travis Scott's Circus Maximus tour is the highest grossing solo solo solo rap tour ever. Travis is number one with 210 million. Kendrick is number two with 110.9 million. And Nicki Minaj is number three with a hundred 0.8 million. And my source also, also also telling me that he has nine shows in Australia, five in Melbourne, four in care in Sydney. We don't care. A hundred million dollars.


And he's doing The World Cup, which has 1.7 billion. We don't care. Billion watching what That gotta do with Kendrick busting y'all ass. How about that? That sound like a ov whole texting you right now. I don't know that that's what that sounds like. Sources. I just wanna say sources. Nobodys texting me. Just so let's get the, just with the mess. Alright, so last Sunday, TD Jakes, he, Bishop TD Jakes experienced a medical emergency during a service that was being live streamed. So during the service, his energy was low, lower than usual. And he was sitting down and speaking very quietly and slowly and a bunch of people you could, you could short see. Like after that he just slows down. And then he You know he drops his mic and everything and the video is, is still around so you guys can see it.


But a bunch of people had rushed the stage to help him. And the live stream hit just cut out. And his family and friends and his church, they released a statement assuring that everybody assuring everybody he was all right. And a lot of people assume that it was a stroke 'cause of how it looked and it did. But he did say in one of his recent posts, I think I give thanks unto the Lord. I did not have a stroke. However, the event could have been fatal if it weren't for God's intervention. And then he also yesterday said something about it, Morning party's house. I'm so delighted to see you. I'm grateful for God's faithfulness. I'm grateful for your faithfulness.


Many of you don't realize that you, you're looking at a miracle. I faced a life-threatening calamity was rushed to the ICU unit. I had emergency surgery, survived this surgery. Yeah, I'm, I'm back Man. Sending healing energy to Bishop tds. Absolutely. Did you reach out to him? I know you, y'all are really cool. No, I haven't yet, but I I will this week. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Wendy Williams Health update, another health update in a news document obtained by people Wendy's court appointed guardian, Sabrina Morrissey. She claimed that Wendy is now cognitively impaired, permanently disabled, and legally and incapacitated.


Sabrina Morrissey is still in the middle of the legal battle with a e television. Remember she, I think I reported this like a minute ago. She was suing a, a and e because she was saying that Wendy was in no state to do that documentary. We seen that and he still went ahead and dropped it or whatever. So yeah, that's just the update for Wendy. Did you reach out to that? I know y'all were close. Yeah. Shit, I should come over there. Just jump on you. Yo. They Said it's crazy. Friends with Adam. Send the Healing energy to Wendy Williams, man. Absolutely. Absolutely. This guy here is so stupid. Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's C EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast.


Club. Now salute to everybody. Happy holidays. I know it's December 1st, so you're gonna see a lot of Christmas lights up. My tree is up already. The lights on the outside. The crib is up. Hey, we ready? We in. We in the spirit. Man. My wife had them lights up since mid-November now she was ready and they cut on right after Thanksgiving. When Do, when do y'all take 'em down? How long do y'all leave y'all stuff up? I have no idea. Damn. Y just work. She handles all that. Y'all don't even pay attention. Nope. I keep mine up until maybe like June. June. Feel like taking all that stuff down. Y'all the tree too. Yo, I decorate my whole house and my house big. So I decorate my whole house after I, I put it up. I don't feel like taking it down.


That's the only thing. So I pay my housekeepers to do that. I don't like, I don't like doing it, but I like seeing it until like the summertime. I ain't gonna lie. I love, I love it. But that's why I said we need to really enjoy the moment now because the reason we keep the lights and stuff up. Some of it is laziness, but a lot of it is just because Damn you be sad when the season over. Yeah. Yeah. So enjoy it. It's already the second. Absolutely. Okay. It'll be March before You know it. That's Right. But y'all, y'all Jacksonville, Florida. Make sure you see me and Martin. Yep. December 13th at the Vice Star Arena. I will be there with Martin Lawrence. Me and Martin Lawrence gonna be on the stage. So get y'all tickets@jaisofficial.com or jais official.com.


I don't wanna say Live Nation. And it's not Live Nation. So not When we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess Aari. Yami the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. All right, you guys have a great day. Hey Shaman, you got a positive note? I do have a positive note. And it's simple man. It's about decision making. Decision making is power. Okay? Most people don't have the guts to make tough decisions because they wanna make the right decision. And so they end up making no decision. But remember, life is short. So do things that matter the most and have the courage to make tough decisions and go chase your dreams. Have a blessed day. Basically make your mind up. Yes.


And commit To it. That's the thing. That's how You know that's the right there. And you have to, y'all be going around so many mazes just to be like, yo, chase your dreams. Chase your Dreams. That's right. That's it. Just said, make a decision. Bye. Woohoo. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done the holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon.


Got it. And please remember, Amazon's Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouth watering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail It and Business Consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with my life.


You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You, know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is possible, Find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women. The Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.