
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Welcome to it Takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas driver economy ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures every day. More oil and natural gas than you can imagine moves across the US through 2.5 million miles of underground pipelines, hundreds of rail cars and countless tanker trucks to meet the needs of our country. But did you know that pipelines are 40 times safer than rail and truck? According to government statistics, companies like ours use state-of-the-art satellites and sophisticated control centers to monitor pipelines. 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We are dedicated to getting you the energy you need safely and reliably. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our modern lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit it takes energy.com.


Hey, all you women soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Envy. You okay? Yeah, I was looking at Charm And I was confused for a second. I thought he was a, I seen a whole different background. I was like, is your home? Where the hell is he? Okay. What up, Jess? What's up Charlo? Ain the guy. I am home for the most part. Okay? Yeah. I'm in a, listen, if I'm in a iHeart studio, I'm home. Yeah, you go. You know what, Emini here. Nice. I said Charlemagne to God. Oh, peace to the planet. It's Monday. Hey, look at all those bundles on a Monday morning. Oh, go jazz. Go jazz. Hey, hey.


What's up Jess? How you feeling? How was the weekend, Jess? I feel good. I feel good Saturday. Well, Friday I had a show in Norfolk, Virginia with Martin. It was amazing. I love Norfolk. I forgot, I forgot like how crazy they get, like how lit it is. Absolutely. It Was some man, it was lit in Norfolk on Friday. You about to say, man, it was some niggas in Norfolk on Friday. Yeah, but I can't. Yeah, we got a quota, so we can't. You're right, You're right. You're right. Damn. I shouldn't even have said that. You're right. Exactly. Now, Saturday, Chris, my fiance, walked in his very first fashion show and he looked great. Amazing. I was there sitting, you know, right in front on the sideline. It was amazing though. What was the Fashion show? Where was it? Stan Lyon?


It was in dc. Okay. Stan Lyon is a Nigerian designer, and it was a lit, okay. Dope lit. When I say them, people know how to decorate an event. And, and a shout out to Lana e She's from Baltimore as well. She's a designer as well. But she, she produced the whole show, FTK, like I said, Stan Lyon, he was the wardrobe designer. And it was, it was amazing though. It it is. They do suits. It's kind of like Black Panther meets Nigerian twists. Okay. Like it was, man, it, it was lit. I'm, I'm gonna drop some footage today. Some pictures. I look good. I already dropped my pictures, but yeah, it, it was, it was amazing. So dope, Dope, dope, dope, Dope. Okay. Now salute to everybody that I, I seen at the bar clinics. They had HBCU Night at the Barclays with the Brooklyn Nets, which was ramp packed and, and really, really dope.


Even though the nets got washed, but everybody still stayed after. And we, we partied after. And then Sunday, my goddaughter got married Sunday night last night she got married out in Philly. So salute to Red our, our board oping producer, he actually DJ'ed the wedding. I DJ with him as well. But we had such a, such a great time. The fool was dope. It was just, it was just lovely. I got back late last night. It was, it was nice. It was really, really dope. So, And I love, love, so it just, you know, I cried the whole time. So salute to hug. Congratulations. Daisha had a great time last night. Were congratulations. I'm in Nashville getting fat, man. My daughter had chill. Really fat baby. Besides that. No, no, no, no. It is different now. My daughter had cheerleading competition all weekend.


How's she do? They came in first place in first place for something. I don't, I don't be knowing what's going on. I just, you know, first place to something. I don't know what was going on. Yeah. They came here first place for something. But I tell you something, man. Nashville is an amazing place and the food is ridiculous. You know, It's amazing food in Nashville. You go there to get fed. Yes. I'm mad. He's, I feel I'm mad. He don't know what place to do it with his daughter. You don't know I, I'm about that. It was something, I don't Know. Emini here. It's shit. She was first place. I don't know what to tell you. She was, it is, they was first place. Okay. I don dunno what to tell you. Okay. That's crazy. It's a big difference. Vy coming here. Like we were, we they were doing the twist and turns the spins with the, and And I, my baby came in first place for this and this Charlamagne talking about, yeah, she came in first place for something, but I ate real good.


Yeah, it was chill. That's it. You know, because well that's what the cheer competitions are. I don't know about the dance competitions, but the chin competitions, they serve alcohol and you know, the parents being, they just trying to get through Alcohol. Yes. At the competition At certain spots. Yeah. The spot we was at this weekend. Absolutely. Yo, the parents being That's wild. Just trying to get through. Yo, These Days, Pregaming, these days are long. They are so, so when you there like, yeah, they should have stuff like that for the adults. I don I don't be mad at it at all. Nah. 'cause in the parents start screaming out when their daughters before me. Dun dun. That doesn't happen. See? See They do that. Their games at football games. What's the difference? Basketball games. What's the difference? Jesus. Alright, well let's get the show cracking.


Tasha Smith will be joining us. Oh My god, Sister. Now you know, you've seen Tasha Smith in so many joins. Tyler Perry, why did I get married? Jump in a broom boxed in couples retreat just to name a few. She'll be joining us in a little bit. And then we got front page news with Morgan. So we'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Alright. Morning everybody. It's dj, JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. The final four. Auburn, Florida, duke and Houston. Who y'all got if y'all watch? Huh? Lady South Carolina Gamecocks. We in the final four. Okay. Drop on the cruise bombs for us all. Lady Gamecocks, baby Don Staley in the gang.


That's who I got. Alright. Now also in the NBA five players, two coaches ejected after the Pistons and the Timberwolves brawl. Did you see that fight? I seen that fight. Can you really call it a fight if nobody got punched? It was a lot of shoving. Hey Everybody just, it looked A lot, it was still a lot going on. It looked like a lot going on. It Was, yeah, There just one of them fights you see at a family reunion. You'll be like, man, if y'all don't sit y'all ass down and and go back and eat. Yeah. What's up Morgan? Hey Y'all. Hey. Happy Monday. How y'all feeling? Good. Yes. Blessed black and highly favored. Yes, girl. All right. I love it. Alright, so let's get into it. So President Trump is considering the possibility of a third term and he's not joking. So during a phone call with NBC news, Trump was asked about joking multiple times about serving three times to which he replied it wasn't a joke.


While also claiming that he has the highest poll numbers of any Republican in the last 100 years. That's false by the way. He went to on to add that there are methods for making it happen that third term and said that a lot of his allies want him to, but he tells them there is a long way to go. And as it is, very early in his administration, serving three terms as a president is prohibited currently by the Constitution under the 22nd Amendment. What do you guys think about that? Trump a third terms? No, You, you know, I saw folks yesterday saying that's good. If they wanna play that game, then tap Obama in. Let me tell you idiot something. Okay. If Donald Trump runs for a third term, then trust.


When I tell you whoever he runs against is just for show. The fight would already be fixed. Free and fair. Elections are a thing of the past straight authoritarian government. If he runs for a third term, knock it off. Yeah, because he literally Said that we won't have to vote again. Like we will never have to vote again. That's crazy. Everybody's like, oh, Obama can run again then that it's all, it would be all for show. Yeah. If he gets, if he gets the third term, he's gonna get the third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, the seventh. The fight would be fixed. Authoritarian government. That's it. Alright, so let's switch gears real quick. Back to the group chat. Drama Atlantic journalist Jeffrey Goldberg. Well, he's now speaking out against the claims that National Security Advisor Mike Waltz, made in the aftermath of the leak of the military attack plans in Yemen.


Now speaking to NBC's meet the press Goldberg contradicted wa Waltz's claims that the the two have never met before. Remember Mike Waltz was like, yeah, I don't know why, why how he got in the chat And I've I've never met him. I don't talk to him. Well, Jeffrey Goldberg said that's not the case. Let's take a listen to his comments. He's telling everyone that he's never met me or spoken to me. That's simply not true. I understand why he is doing it, but y you know, this has become a a, a somewhat farcical situation. There's no, there's no subterfuge here. My number was in his phone. He mistakenly added me to the group chat. There we go. Don't deny me boo.


You gonna claim me? All right. Don't act like you don't know me. Okay. So Goldberg went into detail and he says he doesn't know well, well only saying that the number was in his phone. And the National security advisor likely added him to the group chat discussing mil military plans. Of course, by accident we know that Goldberg went on to say he's not worried about the Trump administration targeting him with legal action. Now, Republican Senator James Langford of Oklahoma, I think it's important to note that this is now a bipartisan link. He's calling for the Pentagon's Inspector General to investigate the incident. Langford, who is a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee told CNN State of the Union that there are two main questions that need to be answered in this. I'm not gonna toss the audio because I know we're running outta time. But the questions are pretty much who, how do the, how does the administration talk to each other when they're not insecure settings?


Like when they're traveling and they're out on the road, how do they talk to each other? And pretty much how did the accident happen? How was this journalist added to the chat? So this comes as other top lawmakers are raising concerns over how the Atlantic journalist was added to the chat and whether or not, you know, if it, it could, if it could happen again. And Langford went on to defend Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth saying that he shouldn't be forced to resign over a simple mistake that he's saying that's just overkill. So That's how, how about they shouldn't be in the chapter to begin with. Period. The top, the top American officials should not be on no damn signal communicating about Nothing. No. Yeah. Well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM Well we're gonna talk about how Trump is playing the game of politics, you know.


Alright, Everybody Else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your As. This is your time to get it off your chest man. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo? Good morning. What's up? What's your name, brother Jp. What's up jp? Get it off your chest. Hey Man look, this morning I want to give a few shout outs. I wanna start with my son. His, his birthday was March 20th. His name is Jayvon.


I just wanted to tell him have a good day at school today. Okay? That's Next time I wanna go to my family jersey. All the way to Seattle is good. My girlfriend Amanda. I love you bro. All righty brother. And then One more thing. I got a hip hop question for y'all. All the listeners and y'all, what album y'all think is better Lil Wayne to Carter three or Lil Wayne to Carter two Carter Two Carter two Word. I say the same thing. Yeah, I go Carter two too. Hey good morning y'all. Charlamagne I be listening. I'll be, I'll be reading all your books all day. Thank you Very much brother. I appreciate that brother. I got all three of them Man. Thank you very much. The paperback actually comes out tomorrow for Get On It to Die Line.


Why? Small Talk sucks. The paperback will be in stores everywhere tomorrow or everywhere You buy books. Hey man everybody go read that book. Very inspirational. Thank you brother. Alrighty brother. Hello. Who's this? Yo Envy. What's good man? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. I just wanted to let know thank you for picking up the phone. Well I have a question. How come y'all don't take more? More phone phones? More what? I'm sorry. More phone calls. You take a lot. Phone calls. No less radio time. Yeah, I've been on home one time for like almost 40 minutes. Y y'all never picked Up but that's 'cause we taking a lot of phone calls. There's a lot of people that calling bro. The phone lines stay busy. Got you. Alright and one more thing. You from Queens, right?


I am. So How come you don't play more Queens artists? I do. There's a artist name is J Top Tiger. Not my on The key. He said why you don't play more Queens artists? I do not my cousin though. You don't play my cousin. Not my man's in nephew. What's my man? Not my man's in them. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is Matt. Matt, what's up? Get up your chest. Matt. How You doing? DJ envy Char name. Jessica. I, I did wanna defend Pastor Marvin s before I did. I wanted to get on just for lying to me. She ain't do a homework assignment. Oh my God y'all, I'm sorry I didn't do the On Simon. You run like ferry side East side high school to do that Baltimore too Stuff.


I know y'all, I've been so busy trying to get this school together. I'm sorry I didn't, I didn't realize What school. You and Dr. School. Oh, pay East Side. What If she do it? She get donkey today. I did see Jess online doing some dance. Well no, that wasn't a two step down Downtown. That was the, the trend. Yes, But let me get back to the topic. Yeah, Marvin, Seth, I don't like the, when people say that's why people don't go to church 'cause it, it messes up for the honest pastors because if you think about it, that's how pastors supposed to make their living. Some pastors even don't, they have to work themselves just 'cause the money thing messes it up. And I think that kind of messes up for the, the church and stuff. 'cause majority of people don't pay tithes at all.


And if more people did pastors wouldn't have to work. But because the people that mess it up, they give the church a bad name, messes up for the hundreds of thousands of other good pastors that are doing God's will and Houston money for the right thing. So, and Pastor Martin, I know it's hard. He, I I don't think he locked them in. He closed the doors, which was, I don't agree with. But sometimes you do have to encourage people to give in a kind way like you were saying. But I don't like giving the church a bad rep and saying, you know, people don't like going to the church and things like that because it's, I I don church want, but I also think that they don't, they shouldn't pressure people for money. 'cause you know, they say you supposed to give 10%. What if I truly don't have 10% to give? Yeah, it's a hard thing. You shouldn't be forced. It's between you and God. God know your heart. But you know, most people don't give already probably less than 10%.


And you want and God wants cheerful givers. That's right. You don't want anybody to pressure, you know what I'm saying? 'cause it's supposed to be from the heart. Right. You know what, Emini here. Absolutely. Absolutely. All right brother. Well thank you Matt. Thank you. Appreciate it. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we wanna wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Hey, how you doing? This is William. I'm calling from Pennsylvania. How you guys doing today? What's Up William? Get up your chest. I'm pretty good. Pretty good. Like I said, today's my birthday.


44 years of living. Congratulations brother. Thank you. Thank you. I got the best kids in The World. Even though going through a couple things with my family, my kids still did some things for me. Like maybe gifts and you know, even though we ain't had the money for a lot of things, they still put a smile on my face and I'm just thankful to have them there. And I also wanted to say I wanted to thank to Charlemagne to God for giving me the courage to ask my family for help when I needed to and put my pride to the side. That's dope. And yeah, yeah. You know, even though things are still not the way it is, we're still kind of short on the, you know, getting things that we need to get done, you know, for my wife. But you know, it's, it's, it's, it is rough, you know, if you have cancer and we just trying to get things done the best way we can, you know, for the family, you know.


Especially after we lost my parents six months apart from till the last year. Wow. It's, it's, it's been rough and yeah, my brother start crying. Is that all good? My brother Let it out. Okay. Feel your feels my brother? Yeah, I just, we just, I'm just trying to do the best I can as a father because you know, my kids are struggling and we just trying to get things done so we can try to get the roof over our head and it's like my family helping out a lot but it seems to be like we can't get to where we need to get where we coming up short. What's your cash app bro? Put put your, put your cash app out there brother. And today's your first thing too.


My cash app is dollar sign Blanding, B-L-A-N-D-I-N-G 81. And you'll see a picture of my family up there too as well. And God bless you guys. I appreciate it. God Bless you brother. Sending you positive energy, love and light. My brother. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name? Mama? Hello. Hey, good morning, this is Shay. Hey, good morning Jess. Good morning Envy. Good morning Star. Hey, good morning Shay. Hey yeah Jess, I'm glad Norfolk was good to you. Friday I'm from the 7 5 7. Soul It. Soul it girl. That's the real good, good to me. Sha I got a song for you the Know it. Put a song on my heart for you this morning. I got a for you Sean For me.


What you got for You Sean? Okay, lemme hear it. Alright. It's at them girls. They just wanna take my money. They don't want me to give you nothing. They don't want you, they have nothing. They just wanna see me find your love and that for your boy. Who? I just wanted to put that on you this morning. I don't know why That was. Drake. Drake. Oh, I don know what that was Come. I ain't know what that was. Okay, I'm just trying to get that stuck in your head this morning. Give you some good vibes with Drake. That's all. Thank you. It ain't work though. I'm, I'ma play it in the mix. Shade. Thank you Shay. I I got you. You Say that till you humming it, but good morning all y'all have a good one.


You too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yeah, we do. So Cardi B and Offset back in headlines again this time Card's alleging that offset threaten to kill himself, her, and that he sent revenge porn to someone she's dating. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DUJ nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on.


Good Lord. The latest when Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, It's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Alright guys, so before we get to Offset and Cardi BI did wanna take a minute to send a rest in peace to young Scooter Atlanta rapper, young Scooter who passed away over the weekend. Now there's been some conversations about what happened, what didn't happen. But Atlanta PD actually came out and talked a bit about what, what from their recollec recollection or investigation so far, what took place, let's take a listen. There Was a nine one one call of dispute with shots fired and a female being drug back into the residence.


When officers arrived, a male initially opened the door, closed the door on the officer's face without communicating. That's when the officers established a perimeter and the two males fled. We were not able to locate a female. And You said a dispute with started in a car, a moving car. The No, outside of the, the residence. Outside Of the residence. And then a woman was drugged back into the, That's what was reported. We have not been able to substantiate any of that. And then when he jumped over the fence, when one victim, what wound would, I guess, did he shoot Himself? This a appears that there was when he fell some type of fracture injuries of the leg, which caused the bleeding.


And neither one of these cases were officers involved in shooting at all. Damn. Yeah, so this was tragic. It was actually his 39th birthday that, you know, he was celebrating over the weekend when he passed away. And when Atlanta police confirmed that he had passed away, people were pretty confused because originally reports came out that he had been allegedly shot by police. And then police quickly came out with this press conference and cleared that up. And you guys heard the backstory, like there was an incident with a woman and a home and you know, it just seems like a, a tragic chain of events that led in him passing away. So Definitely rest in peace. But like you said, it was so many at one time they said it was a trap house and they said it was a shooting with so many misconceptions and so many lies.


But it's just sad that the brother lost his life. Man, Peace. And who and who and who lied about a, a a woman being dragged in the house. Oh, they didn't see no woman. What'd they say? They said they, Well, no, the police officer said that that's the story from what their investigation where it's at right now. The story is that there was a woman that was drug back in the house after there was some gunshots, but they haven't been able to locate the woman or a woman and have a conversation with her yet. Mm. So that's, yeah, that's still open for investigation. And I, I have reached out to Atlanta PD just to kind of see as things develop because it seemed like there's, people are still trying to figure out a lot of these questions of what led up to this and why. So Right. Rest in peace, young scooter. Absolutely. Yeah, for sure. Now bringing it back here to New York, Cardi B went, I would say it wasn't even live.


She went on Twitter spaces or X spaces over the weekend and she was pretty upset about some things that she's claiming Offset has done. Let's take a listen to Cardi and what triggered her to get online about her Valentine's Day. You wanna Toya about this, this suicidal SI really wanna tell y'all so much about this hating because every single time that I find like peace, first of all, the way this man ruined my Valentine's Day. And then like, I really wanna let y'all know the ness that he did a couple of days ago. I'm not, you know what? I'm not even gonna do it today. I'm gonna tell you about his suicidal s I'm, I'm gonna say it soon.


I'm gonna say it soon, but I'm gonna let him keep trying me, I'm gonna let, keep trying me. I'm gonna collect all my evidence. So when I come here, I'm gonna show y'all the type of nigga I breeded with. Yeah. So that was the first set of audio that started to circulate from her, her ex spaces. And then there was a follow up audio where she alleges that offset threatened to kill himself and her. Let's take a listen First and first. This guy right is upset because I sent his girlfriend text messages of him begging me saying he was gonna take away his life, begging me saying he's gonna take away my life. He's mad about that. Mind you, this man sent text messages to somebody that I was dealing with with me, of me and him having sex.


Every time he knows that I go out of town, he harasses me, he leave me voice notes trying to put my self-esteem to the ground. I'm so tired of him and his girlfriend playing games on my phone, leaving explicit voicemails on my phone. I hit this girl before like, yo, I better not find out you in my house. This girl gonna tell me why you care that I'm in the house. You haven't been there for three years. And then this gonna FaceTime me with his girl. You've been harassing me and harassing the man that I've been dealing with for months already. You've been harassing my friends. You sent people to get my friend beat up. It's crazy. Yeah. And yeah, Emini here, some of the, some of the stuff that she's claiming on the, on the audio, very serious accusation.


Especially because this is the mother of his kids. But it's just kind of crazy to hear what she's been dealing with. And I think right now a lot of people online are having a conversation of, you know, y'all know Cardi, they always try to say card's crazy because she comes online and she responds to everything and she tells you what's going on. But they're turning it now into a situation of like, this is exactly why people who are victims of some sort of abuse, whether it's mental or physical Yeah. Don't come out and talk about things because then y'all come online and bash em. Obviously she reached a point where she wants people to know what's happening. Yeah. Emini here if you, if if she feels those threats of murder suicide are valid, she needs to call proper authorities though and and not go to social media with it. Yeah, but had she already Oh Yeah, yeah. It's She did. That's true.


That's true. But Emini here. Yeah. I guess there's nothing wrong with expressing something like that publicly, especially if you think, you know, those threats are valid. Yeah, I, I a hundred percent. And we actually, I talked about this on the latest with Lauren La Rosa, the podcast, the first episode drops today And I went into that. Okay. Yeah. You hear me? I went into that though. Like at this point it's getting to a point where now she, if this, what she's all legend is true, she gonna start having to protect herself a lot differently. And it's, that's crazy because that's the, you know, the the father of her children. I just want 'em both to be happy. Like they have, they have kids together, they got a co-parent. I hope they get to a space where they can be, you know, co-parent happily together so their kids will be happy. 'cause their kids see this as well, I'm sure. Oh yeah, yeah. And this is why I be stressing therapy so much.


Because if all of this is true, offset has no idea how to properly process his emotions because he's current, he's clearly in love, he clearly wants his family back. But if he's doing all that, he's doing it because he is hurt. Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction.


But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok, you come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. And I was like, what? Like it was him. I was like, oh my God. It was shocking. It was very shocking. I'm Jen Swan, I'm a journalist in Los Angeles and I've spent the past few years investigating the story behind the viral posts and the extraordinary events that followed. I started investing my time to get her justice. They put out something on social media. So I get calls in the middle of the night all the time. It's like, how do you think you're gonna get away with something like this? Like you killed somebody. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turn to social media to help track down their friend's.


Killer. This is their story. This is my friend Daisy. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast Beardless Me. I'm the old one, I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? Lot of cussing a lot of bad language. It's for adults only or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And he don't know how to properly, you know, Process what he's going through I guess. Yeah. If he's projecting like that because that's clear. What he's doing is clearly not the way to do it if that's what he's doing. Right. And remember there was that clip from Jason, Jason Lee's interview series that he does over what Hollywood Unlocked where he sat down with Dr. Cheyenne Bryant and they previewed a clip where it was like, oh she said offset slid in her dms and then they played the rest of the clip where it was like, oh offset slid because he was trying to, he Wanted to work, he wanted to have a conversation with her. Yeah, he was trying to get right, he was trying to get help to Justice Point, like Yeah And then he posted the dms just to show like this is why I slid. So maybe he is trying to, you know what Emini here had had those conversations And and that's the other thing too.


If he is reaching out to somebody for help, he shouldn't be put on blast for that. Yeah, That was, yeah that was horrible. Yeah, that was horrible. But he was reaching out for help and, and they made it seem like he was trying to holler Yo it went crazy when they thought he was trying to holler. Well of course be, you know, that's the whole click beat of it all. But even still as a doctor, I didn't even know you could do that. You could like release that type of information. Oh, such and such reached out to me to have a conversation or for professional help. I thought it was like things in place, protocol and policy in place where you can't even like, disclose information like that. Yep. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. But like you said, like you said, envy we wish the best for both of them because mentally and emotionally they are not, they are not right for each other.


Yeah, they're Not on the same page. No, no, no, no, no, no. There so much. There has been done. So much has been done. It's like probably, I don't know, it'll take a long time. Like Envy said, you hope they can get to that place. It'll take a long time. But so much have been done and just accusations just going crazy. But I do wanna point out that new wig you got sitting on your head, Lauren, it's nice. You see? Hold on. Lemme look. Lemme look. What's that name? I haven't named her yet. I'm trying to get a, a vibe for her. But you know That's not mahogany. That's long enough For look, that's That's the difference. Yeah. Why can't I see Lauren? I can see Jess. That's like bourbon. You don't see her. He can't see B because God is good this morning And I Our see, I see now. I See now Hata and the dancer.


So stay right over there. See face. I see that exactly where you at. Okay, I see Now it, it's too far away though. I can't see like Jess is right up on me. I can see all your bundles. I can. All right We gotta wrap it up. We gotta wrap it up. We gotta get outta Here. That is the latest with Lauren. Now it look Like you should have wrapped that up last night because it ain't sitting right. Wow. From what I can see if You are such Sitting bitch, She's sitting, she's here. She has arrived. That ain't no she she identifies a she But that trans Visibility day. Okay, let her rock Charlemagne should have been a hairstylist. I tell you. All right, when we Come back, you said your late friend is visible today. What Did you say? Can we get Outta here and Truck page news when we come back up? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up.


Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's tj, nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now we have the final four for men and women. Charlamagne. Who you got For women? You know it's South Carolina Gamecocks all day SLU to Don Staley and the whole gang with the men. I have no idea 'cause I don't be watching men's basketball. I watch Duke though. I be watching when Duke play, but yeah, I don't, I'm not really into men's basketball. What's up College? College. Men's basketball. Yeah. Envy. So you know, March Madness is still underway and for only the second time in NCAA tournament history, all four number one seeds are advancing to the final four.


So Houston took down Tennessee 69 to 50 while Auburn defeated Michigan. 70 to 64. Saturday's final four. We'll see Houston take on Duke while Auburn. What we'll match up with Florida with the winners facing off next Monday, April 7th for the national championship in San Antonio, Texas. And for the only other time all four number one seeds advanced to the final four was in 2008. I believe the Jay Hawks won at that time around Kansas. Jay Hawks won. Okay, So Somebody's brackets is good 'cause I know somebody done put one is gonna win 1, 1, 1, 1, 1. So I know somebody's brackets is okay. Right. I'm gonna just pick the one seat. That's right. And and the the women's Final four isn't set yet. It'll be set after the night after Tonight.


That's right. Yeah, after Elite eight. Love that. Love that. All right, so let's move on. Speaking of playing the game, well President Trump is pulling New York, Congresswoman Elise Stefans nomination for US Ambassador to the un. Trump said it's essential that Shans stays in the House of Representatives in Congress because they need every seat they can get. Let's hear those comments from President Trump. Will you mind staying in Congress? 'cause we don't want to take any chances. And it's as simple as that. It's basic politics. Very highly rated person. You know, she was a real leader and she will be. Again, I spoke with Mike Johnson, they're gonna put her in a high leadership position. So Trump said that Stefanik has been vital to pushing forward his agenda. He again added that he doesn't want to take a chance on anyone else running for her seat.


So he is certainly playing the game of politics in regards to that inter in international affairs. Vice President JD Vance. Well he was in Greenland over the weekend, right? So he spoke to those stationed in Greenland and he said that they are vital to alerting the US if an attack is on the way. Speaking from the Space Force base on the Arctic Island, Vance said European allies are not keeping up with other nations like China. And as a result Greenland is less secure. He also bragged about the work that you the US is doing in the Arctic region. Let's hear more from Vice President JD Vance. We're Thrilled to be here because the mission that you guys do is so important for the United States. It's important for our national security. We know that Russia and China and other nations are taking an extraordinary interest in arctic passageways and Arctic naval roots.


And America is leading in the Arctic because we know that if America doesn't, other nations will fill the gap where we fall behind. So vice President Vance said there needs to be more of an investment to strengthen the Danish territory and add it that Denmark hasn't done enough to preserve security. Of course this comes as President Trump doubled down on his goal to so-called take control of Greenland. He, you know, Trump is on a mission to get some extra states I believe. Speaking of President Trump, he says next month IE tomorrow will be very special. He made the comments from the White House. Trump said that that's the day the US tariffs are set to take effect against Canada, Mexico, China, and the European Union.


April 2nd, specifically as the date he's talking about Trump called the date, liberation Date claiming it will undo decades of those powers taking advantage of the US when it comes to trade. Let's hear more from Trump. We have liberation Day. As you know on April 2nd, many countries have taken advantage of us, the likes of which nobody even thought was possible for many, many decades. For decades. And you know, that has to stop. So President Trump says the US has been on the losing end of trade across the globe. And he says some countries have admitted to taking advantage of the US although he didn't mention which countries admitted that to made that amen to him.


Trump aided, or excuse me, he added the tariffs are only meant to bring manufacturing jobs back to the us. Tariffs are set to go in effect you guys. April 2nd, are you ready for it? We got auto tariffs. We got tariffs like Mexico, China, Canada, and the European Union and possibly also Russia. But that's something that's a whole nother story and I'm not gonna get too much into that. But tariff Tuesday or it'll be on Wednesday. Sorry, April. Are you Ready? You might as well call it tariff Tuesday. 'cause Taco Tuesday gonna be canceled 'cause ain't nobody gonna be able to afford no damn taco. Yeah, I'm wondering if he didn't roll it out on Tuesday, the April 1st because it was, you know, that would've just been an April fool's joke, right? Emini here. Yeah, it's a joke.


But you know, seriously though April 2nd, these tariffs are set to go in effect it stands to impact a lot of our groceries, auto makers, you know, and then not only just auto makers, just with the auto industry understanding that rental cars will go up. You know the poss the possibility of how your car gets serviced. The prices can increase in that regard too. So. Well it stands to impact us a lot. Yeah. And everybody who voted for Trump should remember, you know, when the election was over, Trump said I won this election based off one word. Groceries. The groceries are too high. So he got in office and made your grocery prices even higher. So just think about that. It is certainly something to think about. That's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all. Let's make it a break week. All right, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, we have actress and producer Tasha Smith. I'm sure you've seen it in Tyler Perry. Why did I get married? Jump in the broom boxed in Couples retreat. She's on the second season of Survival of the Thickest and she'll be joining us next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building, the legendary Tasha Smith. Ladies gentlemen, she's back.


Welcome. Good morning Tasha. Guys, how you feeling? I feel amazing. I feel like I'm at home. I feel like you are. I'm with family. You are. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys, your voice, what you do. I just really appreciate you. Oh, thank you. Seriously. Well I don't know if you knew this, but right before Tasha walked in, Lauren was fixing a wig and you know, almost kidding. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So she was asking Tasha for tips if Tasha be fly all the time. I get, Oh Im sorry. Just came in here and started matching today. Now you talking about being fly, Not about the wig, you Just showed up with a same color face. But She was fixing a wig and kind of like wiping our eyes like she was tearing up. And I said, well what's happening? She was like, you know when I left TMZ, the one person I called was Tasha Smith.


Oh my goodness. So you wanna explain that story happened. What? You tell me what Lauren? I text, I think I text you. And I was like, hey, I'm thinking about leaving my job. I see. See he fixed the wig crying. I told her, I was like, I'm thinking about leaving my, My lash ain't glued incorrectly that I don't have my lashes today. Shut up. I was like, I think about leaving my job but just wanted to talk to somebody that like understands like career and like, you know, longevity in it. We had met and we talked before, but I was just like, you know, everybody has like such a great story of like how your perception of them and kind of what you see for them. And I was like, I don't really know who I can call And I trust right now. And I reached out to you, I text you and you, you sent me a voice note back And I remember I was driving into my garage And I pulled over and was listening to the voice note and you were like, whatever it is you're feeling, do it.


You are a star. You're going to be great. Don't be scared. Do it and let me know when it's done. And I, And I, here I am. I am so proud of you. Can I just tell you that I am so proud of you when I saw everything that was going on, I was literally singing your praises to have the courage and boldness to make a decision to live your life in the way that you saw it. And I'm so proud that you took that leap of faith. And it's something I gotta share something with y'all because when I was at, I was like meditating last night And I was thinking about you And I was thinking about Jess not trying to like, but y'all are both my girls. Yes. You know, I play Jess's mom, you know, on a TV show and y'all are my babies.


And when I think about just us as black women and just how powerful and unique we are, I was meditating And I was like, what is it that I can say to women? And do you mind if I just please share This? Please share. Okay, so what what I, what I ended up writing down was you are not in competition, you're in community. And us as women, sometimes we think we're in competition, but we're not in competition, we're in community. Right. And also your light doesn't dim because someone else is shining. Like it's not gonna dim our light to let someone else shine.


If anything, when all of us are walking in the room together allowing ourselves to shine, that room becomes even brighter. Okay? The other thing I thought about, and this was you and Jess, is that every woman is uniquely designed. I was thinking about my girls over here, that's Monique, that is my girl Venetia. And I'm like, look at how individual they are. Look at how individual we are. We're all unique, we're all different, right? But we don't have to fear about anybody taking up space because there's room for every shade of brilliance. Okay? The other thing I wrote down was insecurity dissolves when we recognize individually as women our divine design because we are all designed divinely by God, right?


And when we embrace our uniqueness, we give others permission to do the same. Maryanne Williams. So let's celebrate each other. You know that, right? Yes. Mary Williams. And let's allow ourselves to not be afraid of anyone else's light out. Like outshining our light because it can't happen when we walk in who we are. I love you, I love Jess And I love what both of you are doing. Your voices are so important to our culture and to our women. So let's allow ourselves to remember. And not that you guys feel like this, but this is for all of us women that we are not in competition.


We are in community. Period. I just love you. I love that. I had to say that. I think one of the, the biggest things that I learned from this, like past two weeks, like with everything that was happening is like how much people were paying attention. 'cause there were so many people that reached out even in private and did what you just said. Like, hey, like I wanna talk to you, I wanna talk to y'all, whatever. And I think the, it's like, it was crazy what it was happening, but now like taking a step out of all of it, I'm like, the people are getting to realize that like sisterhood sometimes can look like we might have misunderstandings and we got we we, we have to talk about it. We gotta figure that out. What has that been like for you in your career? Because we don't hear a lot of y'all stories. If there were misunderstandings between you and any of the other girls, Oh and best believe it'd be a lot of misunderstandings.


You know what I'm saying? It'd be a lot of misunderstandings. It'd be a lot of that. Like seriously and physically, people getting hands put on each other. Listen. But see that's why like, And I'm from Camden so it's some people I stand away from, oh my goodness. Like down from Camden, you know. But sir, listen, because I always say as nice as I am is as nice as I'm not right. You know what? Emini here and it's some energy I know I just don't flow with. I just don't. Because if it's that kind of energy that's coming in, I'm not a mean girl. I don't like mean girls. I don't like it. I don't like seeing women treating each other poorly or badly.


It makes me sick. But I'll tell you one thing about me. I have never ran from a fight. Like I'm one I, I'm not afraid of confronting confrontation, having hard conversations. And most people they will throw rocks and then hide their hands. Absolutely. I don't like that. I don't do that. I'm about that life of having conversations confronting the situation. Let's sit down and let's talk and let's deal with the discomfort of whatever it is you're feeling. But most of the time y'all, most people don't want to ever really sit down and talk. That's right. You right. Because they don't want to have to be able to acknowledge what it is that they're internally going through.


Like whatever their internal struggle is, it's easy for people to run and act like they're a victim. But if people really confronted things and had honest conversations, they would realize that most of the pettiness is not because of something external, but it's because of your own individual internal struggle. That's right. And that's what's creating the external problem. It starts within you period. How Do you deal with the noise? 'cause I think even with them to go outta their situation. But it was the noise. Oh my God. It wasn't the interior this, it was, oh God was outside People. Can I tell you was With dirty mirrors and dirty flaws. Oh my god. You don't get noise though.


Oh honey, can I just, I, well I try to, you know, I You are noise Emini Here. That's the truth. Come back. I'll tell you this about Noise. It's something you ask about noise. Were we talking about noise? We, I was just talking to my girls about sometimes it is so important for us to sit in silence. Think about when you're on the phone bro and it's a lot of noise going on. What do you do? You be like, hold up. Wait a second, let me step away. Right? Right. So that I could hear this call clearly. And a lot of times, especially when you think about all the social media and all that stuff, we allow ourselves to stay in the noise and stay listening to the noise.


When sometimes we might have to put the phone down, be silent, don't listen to anything. Because in your silence that's when you really hear the still small voice of God, God on the inside of you ma'am. But you can't hear God and how God wants to guide you to deal with the situation if you are allowing yourself to constantly listen to the noise. So the way I deal with noise is I try to allow myself to get as silent as possible. You feel Me? I do. Absolutely. A hundred percent. I absolutely do. A hundred percent. Alright, we got more with Tanasha Smith when we come back.


Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Tasha Smith. Charlemagne. Have you ever had to get loud with a person? And what does that sound like, Tasha? Because you already, I'm just saying so you she from Know, but listen, she's already loud. So what does getting loud Pasha Emini here? Is it louder? Whoa. I Put it to you like this. I'm a passionate human. Okay. Okay. I'm a passionate human. Okay bra. And as loud as my goodness is, I put it to you like this. One time I cussed somebody out really bad And I went to my pastor And I was like, oh my God, I feel so bad.


And she said to me, sometimes you gotta meet the enemy's aggression. S right? That the kingdom of heaven suffers violence, but the violence take it by force. And sometimes some people need to get checked. That's right. I love It. So when it's time to get loud, like I said, I don't mind it. Boom, Boom. I don't mind it. I Don't mind it, bro. That's right. I swear. And my loud can be loud. And honestly when I get loud, people get traumatized. I Emini here. I'm serious. I like, you know when I said folks to throw rocks and, and then hide their hands hand. Absolutely. Like I've had situations like that and when I've had to check people like that, then they wanna go run in a corner and cry and act like that.


I'm like, don't cry now. Big bad. Don't do it. Big, bad, big, bad, Big bad. Okay. Like, don't cry. Don't cry now, boo. Okay. And sometimes it's what your, it's, it's, it's the seed that's that you are reaping. Period. You know what the Bible say. That's right. What you what whoever A man sow it, that he shall also reap. And sometimes, you know, they reaped that ass kicking. I'm just saying that's chappel chain. Yes. I was gonna ask about that. We were actually talking about that earlier today, chap, y'all. That's Dope. This was a gift from my brother Dave. I love him so much. He, he wanted me to, he was happy for me doing the show. He was happy for a lot of the things that's been happening in my life.


And, and this was a gift that he gifted me. And it's not many people that have a Chappelle chain. That's right. And I don't know, do y'all know, like I've known Chappelle for like 30 years. Like Mm. I didn't that we started, y'all know I used to be a standup comic, right? Yes, I know that. I know that. Yeah. So I was a standup comic. Dave was like, he was, he, he was literally a mentor at like 18, I'm not gonna lie, when Dave was 18, 19 years old, he was, I call him my big little brother, you know, and he helped me out so much. Like, you know, some of those people like e And I should have thought of Dave 'cause Z was one of those people that always encouraged me, inspired me every time anything was happening in my life. I can't tell you how many times I've gotten calls about, I'm proud of you.


Keep going, keep dreaming. He's such a motivator. And he's been such a blessing in my life. I cannot tell you. So, yes, this is a Chappelle chain. That's Dope. I love that. Because, you know, we, we live in an era where people don't like to represent folks who have assisted them or provided them opportunity or helped them. And I don't understand that. I don't understand resenting somebody that has helped you in some way. Yeah. Like you should rep them. Exactly. Yes, I will. I'm with you on that. Yeah. So I'm repping Dave Now. You got a lot going on. I wanna start with Survival of the Thickest. There you go. Yes. I love that show. Yes. But in the newer season, season two, yeah, season two, you have, like, now we're learning more about your character and kind of like you have your own storyline and things of that nature.


But what was the decision to do that? Because it wasn't like that in previous seasons fully. Like we, we knew a little bit about what you had going on, but not as much focus. Well, Emini here, I thank God for the writing team that they like focus more on her relationship. Yes. And you know, my character, I play a queer woman. Right. And I've, you know, I've never been a queer woman before. Okay. I'm just saying like, I legit ain't ever been with a woman before. Like, okay, like for real. So how'd you Do your research? So, well, I, I, I asked, I was rehearsed. No, lemme stop that was coaches, the acting coach? No coach who coached me, but The acting teacher I worked with was a guy named Carl Ford, who I love deeply. Okay. Susan Basson son. I don't know if you guys know Susan, but, but anyway, so Jerry Johnson, I'll tell y'all this.


I directed Harlem And I directed some beautiful scenes with Jerry and Gail Bean. Right? Yes. And I was just obsessed. Like I knew that survival was coming up And I was just really pouring into them as a director. But while I was pouring into them, I promise you I was dreaming. I was like saying, God, please bless me with someone like these two women, like the way that they were and as, as supportive as they were as Gail and Jerry were with one another, I wanted to experience that as an actor. So when it was time to see who my love interest was, Jerry was up for the job.


So Jerry And I, I said, Jerry, we going to get together because what I saw you do with, with Gail, I really want you to do this part. So she And I got together and we rehearsed. Michelle didn't know this, nobody knew this. We were rehearsing before her screen test. Mm. Okay. So that by the time we did our screen test together, our chemistry was incredible. And I said to her, 'cause she's a queer woman, I said, I need you to teach me everything. So the first thing she taught me when we were filming our love scene was how two women had sex. Because when they said, it's time for y'all to have sex, bro, I opened Up my legs like, alright.


I was like trying to like, And I was like, how y'all do this? How does this happen? And she was like, huh, you really ain't ever had a woman. And then she went and was like, we do it like this. You know, the little scissors, the scissor. Yes. She had scissor. And so I was like, woo. Thank God You was here because I didn't wanna look Stupid sis. Okay. But it Worked out for her. 'cause she got the role And she got the role and Rehearsal. They were building their chemistry before she auditioned. No, they have a sex. This is your, and this was your first, this is your first time being on camera in a female, female sex scene, right? Well, well we had like, the first season I had some makeout scenes and stuff like that.


But as far as like having like a full blown a sec. Yeah, that was my first time. But I gotta tell you, working with Jerry, it was just like easy. And it was just, it was fun and it was wonderful. And she was just wonderful. That is my sister for life. Mm. Jerry, I'm giving you a shout out. I love you Sis. Women must try at you all the time now. You know, I be like, stop. When y'all was rehearsing, did you call it A dry Run? What was it? I don't, well, we didn't, we were rehearsing that particular, like, we didn't do that in rehearsal, but that was when we were actually filming the sex scene. What'd You give a woman a try? She cut It out her No, it's Okay.


Because now she's into it. Now It's okay for him to ask me that, but I'm gonna just keep it 100. Y'all like, I'm like a gay man. What? I'm like a gay man. What do gay men like, man, Emini here. I'm not even lying, bro. I, I'm like the gayest man in The World. Like I am a straight up gay ass man. Like, I love, like, I just love it too much. Like, I'm not even playing and Emini here. I all right, I'm about to say something that's like a little, I'm crying. All right. So I like when a man goes down on you, it's great.


I love it. But I be like, I'm not a lesbian so we gotta follow this mother. You know what I'm saying? With some penis. Like I just, you know, it's just what I like. How do we gig you? I'm sorry, lemme tell y'all this. I think it's all about preference. Like it is all about what you eat. Like I don't eat chocolate. That's literal what you eat, but No, but wait, but you know how there are some foods, like some people like chocolate cake, some people like vanilla cake, some people like fish, right? And some people like fish. Some people like steak, right? Yeah. Emini here. And for me, I just like what I like and just like, you can't like turn a gay man that likes what? He likes to have a woman. You know what Emini here, you can't turn a straight woman to want something else.


Emini here. I just like what I like. Okay. But I love, you know what I'm saying? Like, go get yours. I, we got more with Tasha Smith when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NB Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne new guy. We are The Breakfast Club lawyer. The roast is here with us as well. We're still kicking it with Tasha Smith. I'm sure you've seen it in Tyler Perry's. Why did I get married? Jumping a broom boxed in couples retreat Charlamagne. And what about Desiree? In a temptation story. Oh wow, you guys, I'm so excited about that. It's funny 'cause I was showing Monique the trailer. You love your girls? I do. You do. They my girls. Okay. Like seriously. But I was, I was showing Monique, well I was showing you and Benicia last night.


I was like, y'all wanna see the trailer? You know? And when Monique saw it, she was like, I've never seen you in a role like that. Wow. Wow. And so all these like, years of being in this industry, I've never gotten a chance to play that role. So shout out to Derrick Williams, my producer. I got a chance to produce it with him. And he gave me that script And I was so happy he gave it to me. And I'm so excited about it. It's, it's a thriller. It's like fun. It's like, And I feel like it helped me tap into things that I've never gotten a chance to really reveal on camera. I'm, I feel like I'm still, I feel like I'm just starting acting all over again. I swear You swear you have a, a refreshing energy all the time. But I do feel it like you're in a different season or something about you right now.


I don't know what it, what it is, but it's there. I think it's my self love season, sis. I love that for you. You hear me? I love that. For you now You know, you know who you need to reach out to. Who, who sang you praises on Shannon Sharp? Charlemagne messes with him all the time's. My guy Darnell Rawlings. I love, do you know how much I love you and Darnell when y'all be doing that little stuff? Well he be doing those folks Emini here. Sometimes I be texting him saying, leave my brother alone. Stop. You gotta call him. He, he needs your, he he needs your coaching like that. I need Darnell to have, I just want Darnell to have more confidence. Like Darnell is dope. He's Funny. Yeah, he's incredible. He's incredibly one of the best. And y'all remember I put him on B-M-F-B-M-F. Yeah. I swear. I think he is so talented. I cannot wait to work with him again.


I swear to God. Like he is so interesting. He is so funny. He that, that's a good example as far as like allowing your uniqueness to shine. That's like when I think about Dave and Donne And I remember I had a conversation with Dave and it was, I'm, I'm rephrasing it, but I was like, you know what makes you work with him? Dave's like, I get sharper when I, when I have to follow someone good. Like he's not always looking for comics that are not good. He looks for comics that are great. That's what challenges him to be great. Right. You know what I'm saying? So greatness around us, it helps stretches us. You know? And Darnell, I love you so much. I love you so much.


He's somebody who needs to silence the noise. Ah, yes. No, no. He, he needs to silence the noise around him. He's letting all these people get in his Head. He gotta calm down. Yeah, but he, I talk to you. I'm gonna talk to you T Why did I get married again? Where are we?


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok, you come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. And I was like, what? Like it was him. I was like, oh my God. It was shocking. It was very shocking. I'm Jen Swan, I'm a journalist in Los Angeles and I've spent the past few years investigating the story behind the viral posts and the extraordinary events that followed. I started investing my time to get her justice. They put out something on social media so I'd get called in the middle of the night all the time. It's like, how do you think you're gonna get away with something like this? Like you killed somebody. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turned to social media to help track down their friend's. Killer. This is their story. This is my friend Daisy. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter man. Who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one, I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Honey again, I'm gonna just leave it right there girl. I am not talking about that. 'cause it's not happening. Probably not. Oh my God. And it ain't because I'm busy. Tyler, take what, three days to do a movie. Seven days to shoot. Who ain't got a weekend? Tyler who ain't got a weekend Emini here. Like Seriously, who ain't got a weekend? All right, do not get me started man. You want to do it? Of course I wanna do it. Yeah. Why did he troll us like that? Why he troll me like that? So no cause no nothing that's happened. I refuse to answer any more questions concerning that respectfully. Okay, because I might get loud. We've been having all these conversations about community.


Do you think community is earned or a right? I feel like it's earned. Like I was, I remember I had one girl say I don't have any friends and you know I go back, I always go back to scripture. I'm like a cussing preacher. No, lemme stop. But you know, it's like if you want a friend, you gotta show yourself friendly. That's right. How do you create relationship, right? How do you create friendship? You have to first allow yourself to give friendship in order to get friendship. And to me, like when I look at acting or when I look at, you know, just people, what makes you really valuable? It's not just about your own greatness, but to me your value becomes the based on how you are able to change other people's lives.


That's right. To me, that's what makes you valuable. Like if I can empower somebody else to pursue their purpose, to make money, to feed their family, I just lifted up myself. But not only with that, I've also created community. I love my acting school tesol because you know, for me I'm always like what I say to you and everybody else as far as like we're not in competition, we're in community. Like we are all here together. The brighter we all are individually the brighter we are in unity. Like let's go. But I love ts saw because the people that were in class like 15, 20 years ago at my school, I look at their lives now and they are all best friends today.


Like when I think about Tabitha Brown, who came outta my school, wow. Nari Spencer, NA's, Nafisa Williams, chastity Saunders, Emini. Here I can go on Amon, Joseph, Lance Gross Emini here, Tiffany Haddish. But every time we're all in a room together, everybody's like, oh come on y'all. It's the family. It's like community. But I feel like we earn that by how we love each other. Period. You just casually threw out. So word up man Tasha, you got me a lifetime achievement award. Tell btt somebody gotta do something when you move to LA They're like, we don't care if you wanna act or not. If you're trying to be anywhere in front of people, you need to go to Tasha Smith's class.


Like that's how I found out. It was like, this is the thing you do, you do do one church and TSAW, like that's what you do as a black creative in la. But you have so many people and you're just like, You know, we call Tsol, we call it the Church of acting. And I remember one time at class, right? I had left out because I had to go save Sidra in, in, in, in St. Martin. So I was not in class this particular night. But Mr. Denzel Washington had decided to come and visit class. Wow. And I wasn't there. I was pissed. But he came to class and from what the teacher and the students told me that he was sitting in the back of the class with a hat on.


Nobody knew who he was. And in my school I had just pictures of like every incredible artist I could think of on the walls because I wanted, when people came into the class, I wanted them to look at the walls and dream. Like I wanted them to see where their life could be, what they could possibly do. And so Kevin, the teacher at the time, he was like talking about that in the class and then all of a sudden they heard someone say in the back, I better be up on that wall. And then all the students turned around and it was Denzel Washington. Wow. Can you believe that? And Denzel's the one that told Mary j Blige that she should come and study with me. But he ended up staying in that class and he ended up teaching that class for like until like probably went two hours over.


And it was like so incredible. Wow. I don't even know how I got on that story. It was something that was being said. But that was just such a blessing. Like to have him there inspiring all the students and just any opportunity that, you know, we get to pour into other actors in order for them to go and pursue their dreams. Like I see so many of my students that are so wealthy and thriving, some of them have better careers than me. I've never been nominated for an Oscar. You know what Emini here, that's never happened. But I love seeing it happen for Andrew Day, for Mary j Blige And I love it. And hopefully McKayla Cole and FKA twigs.


Well You know she gotta go. But we appreciate you joining. We love you. I, we appreciate you Sasha Smith. Thank you so much. All rights. Sasha Smith. I love you guys. The Breakfast Club, come on now. The latest with Lauren is up next. Lauren becoming a straight fit. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. Good Lord. The latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Who was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. So Viola Davis sat down with the Times and she was talking about a new thriller that she's in called G 20.


And she talked about her life, her career, why she wants to have more fun, you know, in her roles now. But she also revealed something about her time on the set of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, which was, which happened to be the last part that Chadwick Bozeman ever filmed before his passing. And what she said was, is that when they were on that set together, she had judged him at one point because his girlfriend and his makeup artist would be there. I'm sorry, his wife and his makeup artist. Yes. His wife and his makeup artist would be on set and they would be doing things like massaging him in between scenes and playing meditative music and you know, things of that nature. And she's like, why does he need all this extra care?


Like why, you know what Emini here, like why is this happening? And come to find out, you know, he had had cancer, which you know, he ultimately ended up passing away from. So she, she took some time to just talk about, you know, not being able to, things aren't always what they seem and taking some time to, you know, be able to look at people as people and and realize that you don't always know what people are going through. Yeah. And moving on academics and Kanye West. So Kanye West, I would say he sat down with academics, but that is not what he did. He stood up the whole time, Whole interview, Whole interview. He stood up and not only did he stand up, but when, in the beginning of the interview, when you first see Kanye West, he comes on screen. He has a a a D what is it?


A-A-K-K-K. Rob. No, before the KKK Rob he had on, Oh the SAA swatch shirt. The S Swastika Tshirt. The Sika. No, he had on the the, what's the Sean Cums brand? Sean, Sean John. Sean, Sean John. He had on a Sean John t-shirt and a swastika blinged out necklace. Did he still make those? He actually remember he brought it back because he's trying to support Puff. So that's what he, yeah. So then he changed into a all black KKK mask and robe and stood for the interview where he talked ac academics about several things. So the first thing he talked about, or one of the first things he talked about was his relationship and his sentiments on Jay-Z. Let's take a listen. All you all you street Jay-Z Beyonce, you ain't help me when I was having problems with my kids, you coulda used your influence.


No, your influence is for politics. Your influence is how you could use a, you never wanted to sign anyway. The Dame sign, you ain't show up to my first wedding. You ain't my family. I always wanted some kind of thing. Never have family out here. What about the fact that everybody knows what I'm saying is true related to that photo that I put up with my youngest daughter. Right. But everything is like, you know, but you offending Jay-Z, him, him, you know what I'm saying? How much money you think Jay-Z make off my catalog versus what I make off it next subject. And that part's crazy because academics were trying to get some questions in.


But baby, when I tell you Kanye West didn't care about them questions, he did not care at all. He Knew what he wanted to say. Yeah, He called academics. He wanted, wanted that platform. He wanted people to hear him. Kanye is boring Emini here, just, just old and tired antics. I never thought we would get to the point in life where Kanye West is just simply boring. And whatever happened to that album, did that bully album ever come out? Bully? Yeah. It's out. Oh Yeah. That's the reason why nobody's talking about the music. So he gotta he gotta do something where somebody's talking about him. Well, and And and isn't he complaining about Jay? I don't even know Jay owns his catalog or not. But didn't Big wasn't Big Sean complaining that Kanye owns his catalog. Yeah, there was a whole thing with Kanye and Big Sean as well too. It's like he, he know how the record business work and you know, you gotta be the change you wanna see.


Right Kanye? Hey there we go. Well he also talked about Kim Kardashian and regretting having kids with her. Let's take a listen. But Even When you speak about Kim, people might be like, well you picked Her. Absolutely I did. That was my fault. I didn't wanna have children with this person after the first two months of being with her. But my issue with all these ass celebrities s is if you ain't gonna speak on my behalf of the situation I'm in right now with my children or where I was when I asked for the help years ago, don't talk about my political views. Push a t like I bled for you. If asked you about me say we ain't speaking on Ye and you should never have ever gone look at John Legend old sissy ass.


I ain't never do nothing wrong to that. I changed generations of his life. This wears sweaters in Mother in August and Barbados. No, they shady smell like mashed potatoes. I don't know where I got this wrong. No, Yo, I know Kanye can't Kanye be walking around in denim jeans with no drawers on. Yo, what are we talking about this guy? First of all, you shouldn't question nobody about what they wearing when you stand there in a black KKK rope. You can't question no, you can't question nobody's wardrobe when you walking around in a black KKK rope. Come on man. And swastika t-shirts. It's sad. Come on. Because he's been saying the same thing over and over and over again. And obviously it's for attention at this point. I don't know if there's something really wrong where he actually needs help or he is.


He's just doing this for attention. 'cause I don't even know now I I think he just, I think he just wants attention Bro is outta here. He dropped the F-bombs so much. I'm like, what is happening? Or he May really feel like this. Like he, Mike does. That's true. He feel like I always wanted family and nobody, like, I think he just always felt like that. Maybe this is how he feel. He's Well this ain't the way to get family and friends, huh? No, it's, It's absolutely not. He don't want them to be their family and friends now. 'cause he is burning bridges. Well, Emini here and to his point, I guess bridges that were already burned 'cause they didn't f with 'em anyway. But it just, it just seems like this is how he really feels. And, and you know what I, I agree with Jess. 'cause Kanye went from, you know, wanting to be white to now wanting to be a white supremacist.


And I just need everybody out there to know there is nothing pro-black about anything Kanye West does. He embraces everything that has historically hurt black people from Nazis to KKK. Like what are we doing here? People, why do we even pay this guy any attention? Well One of the things he talked about, Charlemagne, you actually directly mentioned this. He admitted he was jealous of Kendrick Lamar as well. You talking about the progression of people. Let's take a listen to that. I don't like how they used Kendrick. And also I don't like him saying he did number one 'cause I'm the number one. So those are my two things. People think that that's jealousy. God is a angry God. God is a jealous God. What are you talking about? I'm the closest thing to God on Earth And I act just like how God acts.


So yes, I was jealous that Kendrick is on Cardi album And I feel like that's two different genres. Yeah, I'm jealous. Yeah. I'm hearing this the first time. Yeah. I'm not on it. Yeah, this man rapping about skims. Yeah. So he, he was going into the Playboy Cardi sell. 'cause remember he was taking shots at Playboy Cardi too when that album dropped. Yeah. He was mad at Ty dollar sign. I see him mad at this person and that person is, you know Yeah. Who was rapping about Skims Was rapping about Playboy. Cardi. Oh yeah. He was like, and then Kanye came out and tweeted how, like his review of the album and it was like a whole thing. And then Playboy Cardi was trying to get North West on the album allegedly. And that was a whole thing because Kim didn't want him on the Diddy song.


It, it's been a lot. Okay. And we have y'all listened to Bully? I have not, no. There's a short film attached to it too. There are different versions that are dropping, but I haven't listened to it either. 'cause I'm trying to get through all these tweets and interviews. Kanye, I like Vultures. I don, I didn't listen to Bully, but I like Vultures part one and two. I think that's the second. Ain't that the one before Bully? Yes. Yeah, he did Vultures. I do like the Vultures albums, but nah, I haven't gotten to bully. Kanye's just a miserable human who, you know, always feels like he has to be number one in whatever it is that he's doing. And he'll always be jealous and envious of whoever is number one or the hot person in that space. It don't matter whether it was Virgil in clothes or drinking music or now Kendrick in music, he's going to always be a hater.


And that's, that's just whack. Like you can't have, And I, I hate when he talks about having all of this money. Hell, I got all this money, I got all this money. First of all, you're not the richest person in The World, number one and number two, that money clearly not making you happy, brother. Yeah. Money's not making him happy. Money's not making him cool. Money is not making intelligent nothing. Money's not doing anything for Nothing, nothing, nothing. That's all I got on. Yeah, he did mention Virgil, but I didn't even get that cliff. He just said he, he he, he is mad at Virgil because Kanye says he's just an evil person. Like he himself, he's an evil person. Virgil is dead. He's not here anymore. No, he's not saying that he, he's not saying Virgil evil. He's saying, remember he said all that stuff about Virgil online. He said that he did that because he knows himself that Kanye's an evil person. That was his response.


It was stupid. And yes, Virgil is not here anymore. Can Kanye ain't fight? I hope he can. Hey, I, I hope he can too. I hope he can. I need to know if Kanye got, he Came, had Jim Jones too about some money, but you know. Yeah. What Jim Jones? Yeah. We leaving that. Oh God. Hope he can we gonna move on. Kanye need God and his ass kicked. I don't think Kanye could last 60 seconds fighting though. And some therapy probably could Be. Will you be surprised that he probably got hands? I don't, I don't believe it. I don't believe it. Alright, well thank you for the latest with Lauren Charlamagne Donkey today. Who you giving that down too, Man? Four after the hour. I need all the kids to gather around because this is a very teachable moment. There's two young men from Texas named from Fernando Amaya and Christopher Portillo.


Christopher Portillo Luna. They need to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word With 'em. I know you said those names wrong, but I I we will get to that next as The Breakfast Club. It's okay. You're chicken out The Breakfast Club Donkey of the Day. Bam. The Heehaw it start for Donkey of the Day. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got The Donkey of the Day Today? Well, just hilarious Donkey of the Day for Monday, March 31st goes to two 17 year olds named Fernando Amaya and Christopher Portillo Luna.


Okay. Both of these young men are from Texas, Houston, I believe. And I want every single teenager, every single young person listening to me right now to learn from these two individuals mistakes. See, Fernando and Christopher are friends And I put friends in air quotes because friends don't let friends crash out. Okay? We don't put enough emphasis on that. We all remember that friends don't let friends drive drunk campaign. Right? All that is essentially saying is friends don't let friends make poor decisions. Friends don't let friends make poor choices. I don't want friends that's down to ride for whatever. Okay? I want friends that love me enough to say, no, I'm not doing that with you because it's stupid and it's either gonna get us killed or locked up.


And that's exactly what needed to happen in this situation. See, Fernando was 17 and he was dating a young girl. The news report says a minor. So he's 17. So who knows how old the young girl was. 15, 16. But that was boo, that was his sentiment. Apple. And he found out that she was cheating on him. So he went and got his friend Christopher. And well, if you want to know what happened next, let's go to ABC 13. Eyewitness News for the report, please. Christopher Portillo Luna smiled for the camera and refused to sign his bond conditions. The 17-year-old joining Fernando Amaya behind bars, both accused in the murder of Marcos Catto Torres Torres, who was shot to death last week, the target court record state in a love triangle involving Amaya and his teenage girlfriend Gunfire erupted at the complex uncooked road on March 18th.


It was 1:00 AM Torres was found dead outside his apartment where today chunks of the wall are missing. According to court records, Amaya and Luna used an AK style rifle firing 84 rounds at apartment 2 27, also injuring his roommate inside prosecutors revealing a motive. Amaya at Reeds quote, threatened to kill himself and his juvenile girlfriend for cheating on him with a male who he later murdered a BC 13 reached the victim's sister who was unaware of any relationship. She said her 41-year-old brother is innocent and did not have a social life.


Now, 17-year-old young man shoots up an apartment because his girlfriend was cheating on him. Ain't no love triangle amongst teenagers. Okay? Y'all don't even know what love is. And I'm looking at this other article from Law and Crime and it says that he actually killed the wrong man, right? So it's so many teachable moments in this situation. I'm just gonna say some things I thought about when I first heard this story. Number one, why in the hell does a 17-year-old have access to an AK style rifle? Investigators found 84 spent shell casings. Why? Where did he get this kind of weapon? Okay, I'm all for young people learning how to properly use a firearm, but Jesus Christ at 17, if you want to use those kinds of weapons, then you need to be joining the armed forces second, 17-year-old crashing out over your little girlfriend.


You know what my dad told me when I was that age And I wanted to crash out over my little girlfriend, my dad said, And I quote, you got your nose open over that girl and she out here sleeping with you and probably every other man in Mo's corner. That's my hometown, by the way. Now he was exaggerating, of course, but what he was simply telling me was that little girlfriend not yours. You 17, you know how many more women you gonna meet in your life? Fernando? Do you know how many other women would've been out there for you to meet? But thank God these women won't ever get to meet you because you needed help long before this situation. Now, I don't know Fernando, he's only 17, so it's not a long resume there, but there has to be some type of behavioral pattern that we can look to that show us why he thought it was okay to pull up with an AK style rifle and let off damn near a hundred rounds into an apartment because he wanted to kill whoever his young girlfriend was cheating with, allegedly.


Now the last thing that came to mind was Christopher, his friend, my brothers, you have to tell your stupid ass crash out friend. No, let that man go throw his life away by his damn self. In fact, I'll go a step further And I want every young person to feel me when I say this. When you know your so-called friend is about to go do something that is going to, you know, be stupid, you have to tell on them. I'm serious. You absolutely positively have to go tell an adult. All right, Fernando Christopher, you know when, when, when, when Christopher, well, oh yeah Christopher, when Fernando came to you and said he wants to go kill the man, you know his girlfriend cheating with, you know, Fernando told his girlfriend that he was gonna shoot up the apartment and then kill himself.


So if he told his girlfriend that, then I know he told you you are supposed to tell your friend. No, that's stupid. You going to go to prison for the rest of your life and you shouldn't be threatening no murder suicide at 17 years old. There's so much life to live. Too many other fish in the sea to be caught to be crashing out like this at 17. And guess what Christopher, if you think it's too much for you to deal with, then tell an adult kids, you don't have to bear any of this responsibility from your dumb ass friends who wanna make dumb ass decisions. Tell an adult, I'm 46 years old, I made all those same dumb decisions when I was 17 And I was around people making dumb decisions. But this is what I wish, you know I had when I was that age.


I wish we had friends who would tell us no and friends who didn't care what we would think, okay? They would tell adults on our dumb ass. That's what I wish would happen in this situation. You know how much I wouldn't have gotten into if I had friends around me willing to tell me, no, that's dumb, I'm not rolling with that. And if I was hell bent on doing some dirt myself, they would tell an adult on me. I wish. Okay? I think about the movie Juice often And I understand it's a movie, but if it was real life, somebody in the crew should have said, no, I'm not going to rob old man Quill. That's dumb. That was Q. But Q buckled to the peer pressure. If Q hadn't buckled the peer pressure, I don't think still would've rolled either, but they did. And Bishop ended up killing old man quills and then ended up killing Raheem at that moment Q.


And still was supposed to start telling every adult they knew call the proper authorities. Okay friends, don't let friends crash out. Now Fernando and Christopher are both behind bars with bonds over $1 million. Okay? And guess what? Fernando, your boo, that little girl who you just crashed out over, she gonna be out here still living her life, dating who she wants to date. And you gonna be spending the rest of your life in prison dating whoever other inmates tell you to date. The moral of the story is friends, okay? Real friends will discourage each other from engaging in reckless or foolish behavior are from making poor decisions that could lead to negative consequences.


Or to put it simply, once again, friends, don't let friends crash out. Please give Fernando Amaya and Christopher Portillo the biggest hee-haw. That's horrible. Crazy. Yes it is. That's horrible man. Alright, well thank you for that Donkey of the Day. Yes indeed. Alright, now when we come back, we're gonna open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 Friday we found out about Sean Kingston and his mom, Janice Turner, they were found guilty. What happened? Can you break that down right fast, Lauren? Yeah. So they were found guilty on all five charges, fraud charges. They're looking at up to 20 years.


So they're accused of defrauding different businesses outta more than a million dollars in this big fraud scheme that involved jewelry vehicles and other goods. So basically what federal prosecutors are saying is that they would get all these or get all these high-end things, say that they sent wire taps or whatever to pay for them when they really didn't keep the money and then go do other things with it. And they defrauded a bunch of businesses while doing that. Sean Kingston's mom was taken into custody right away because they deemed her a flight risk. And Sean Kingston is on a house arrest type of thing until they go to sentencing July 11th. All right, Ma, moms don't let sons crash out. Why was nobody there to tell them though? Well Baby, they said the mom was the nerve of the, of the scheme. She was the fixer. The one that did it.


They found, allegedly they found Her. 'cause she ain't, when she, they got her when they locked up, she didn't have no wig on them. Oh, well, well sons don't let their moms crash out. Alright, So, okay, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If your child or your parent got jammed up, y'all were both facing 20, would you take the charge for them? For What? If we ain't on it together? If, if, if, if you had an opportunity charlamagne to be like, look, my mom ain't gotta do no time, it was all me. Would you take the charge for your mama? No. Wow. What? Because she should have told me no. Wow. You the mama. You supposed to know better why you got me doing this dumb stuff with you? All right, let me ask Baltimore, we Gonna do this time together. Let me ask Baltimore, Jess. Hmm?


Your mama and you do a crime Now you could just take the time and mama ain't gotta go to jail. What you doing? My mother lived a lot of her life. Oh you know what? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll Take the code that we come back as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull, pull out your, pull out your phone. Call in right now. Call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club. Daddy call my phone. Call my man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we'll open up the phone lines eight hundred five eight five one five one on Friday. Sean Kingston and his mom Janice, she's 62, was found guilty all on all charges in their luxury fraud scheme trial. All right, now she faces 20 years in prison. That's the maximum for federal wild fraud cases. Now we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If your child or parent got jammed up, would you take the charge for them? All right, now Jess said, look, her mom lived a good life already. Mom gotta sit, sit down for a little bit.


I'm taking the charges for mom. I ain't gonna let mom sit Mom, my mom is 70 but I ain't gonna let mom spend 20 years in jail. So she gonna get outta 82. Man, shut Upm Not letting mom sit. You're lying. Oh yeah, you're lying. I'm not letting my mother, first of all, you got young ass kids. If your 70-year-old mom did something that actually caused her to go to jail, if she actually committed a crime, you are not about to go to jail and leave your little young kids out here for your mom. That don't even make no sense why your mom shouldn't have been doing what she was doing. Well, Well they did it together. But if he had the opportunity, if if we did it together And I had the opportunity, I'm not letting my mom die in jail. 'cause that's really what it is. Well how about, how about you should have said, Hey mom, maybe we shouldn't be doing these crimes because guess what, if we get locked up, you're gonna go to jail for a long time and end up dying in jail.


Where was the, where, where was the empathy then to say stop Still. And I aint, And I mad And I see I, I made, I'm still mad at, at Tasha for taking that all that for all the charges for Tariq. I really feel like, Nah, that was a TV show, Jess. That wasn't real. Nah, I agree with Jess. I'm upset. Tariq Little asked you to went to jail. Oh yeah Man. Well let's Go And, and and, and, and if you, Sean Kingston and his mom, y'all was out here doing dirt together. Mom should have known better. Mom was out here setting a bad example. Parents are supposed to lead by example. You out here doing dirt with your son? Yeah. Y'all both going to jail. Damn. Hello? Who's this? Hi. Hello.


It's chef from Brooklyn. Hey, what's up Now would you take the charge for your mom or your son? I'm taking the charge for my son. What about your mom? I'm taking the Charge for him. My mom. I don't know about my mom. Dang. It's the same, the same like the same scenario. Can I ask you a question? She should have been able to tell, she should have been able to tell me not to do what I'm doing. So why should I take the charge for her? So why would you take the charge for your son if your son out here is selling dope or killing people and then they get arrested and go to jail? You gonna go take the charge for him? No. Not in that sense. In the sense with like what? Like Sean Kingston, what happened with Sean Kingston and his mom? Yeah. I'm gonna take charge to my son because I as an adult, while we were both doing the, the, the, the crime, I should have been the adult to tell him not to do it.


But why can't we split the time? Me too. A little bit. We both need to Learn. Hey Chris, I'm I'm, I'm just saying like, alright, if we split the time some, some, somebody's getting wasted. It's time. Somebody's time getting wasted. Okay. Oh, we both did the crime. But he could go on and still live his life. I'll be in the jail and do whatever time I need to do I when I get out, I'll be still old again. Still I don, I don't know. Look, Let, let me ask you,


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated. Like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Imagine your scrolling through TikTok. You come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. And I was like, what? Like it was him. I was like, oh my God. It was shocking. It was very shocking. I'm Jen Swan. I'm a journalist in Los Angeles and I've spent the past few years investigating the story behind the viral posts and the extraordinary events that followed. I started investing my time to get her justice. They put out something on social media. So I get called in the middle of the night all the time. It's Like, how do you think you're gonna get away with something like this? Like you killed somebody. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turned to social media to help track down their friend's.


Killer. This is their story. This is my friend Daisy. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? Lot of cussing a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do this. You you go you do the time, right? And what if he go out and he's still scamming 'cause he free now he locked up for something else and you already serving time for something that y'all did together. Damn. But we, we did it together. We did it together. So that why I'm doing my time. So both of y'all need to go do your time. He doing time. Whatever He did on the phone, Huh? That's what's happening in this situation. Sean Kingston gonna end up getting his time and the mom gonna end up getting her time 'cause they were committing crimes together. Well, we have somebody on the line that this is actually happening to them. Now we have Ann. Ann, good morning. Good morning. Now Anne, what happened with your mom? My mom murdered my grandmother. So her Mom Mercy. Oh my God.


Yes. Now I'm not sitting for that one. Mom. Gotta go a whole that one. No, No, no envy. No envy. You said you gonna do the time your mom No. No envy. No you can't choose. And my brother is definitely riding with her. He is not saying a word. They've both been in jail since 2023. Why did You, this has been going on for a while. Why did she do it? Allegedly, If you don't mind if that It Originally started because she was addicted to prescription pills. And then my grandmother was over it and she was getting her put out the house. And I guess my mom was like, like that was too far for her. And so a week before the actual eviction court, she was murdered in her home. Jesus. And how'd your brother get into it? Because He was at the house.


There was no one at the house besides them and my children. But my children are the ones that had to wake up to the murder. Wow. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. And so your brother is saying that he's the one who did it. 'cause he don't want the mom to go to prison In a sense. He's actually given convicting stories. He's like, she didn't do it. I didn't do it. I don't know who did it. I was asleep. Like it's, it's, they're, they're spinning around it and the trial is set for the 21st of April. So hopefully whenever we get there justice will be served. But right now they're kind of going back and forth playing like a cat mouse game. So question, how are you sure, how are you so sure that your mom is the one who did it? She is the only one that had any grudge or hatred towards my grandmother.


My grandmother was a very, very loving woman and she was the only one that was getting evicted out the house because of drug prescriptions and other drugs. Abuse. That's why I was there overseeing my grandmother to make sure she was okay. But it gotta be proof though, like even though your mom might have hated your grandma, if there's no ballistics on your mom's hand, like hmm, you know what, Emini here still gotta be Proven. That's and that's exactly why we're going to trial on the 21st. So that way all the ballistic reports, all of the reports can come out. Everyone's testimonies, all the evidence, all the adult protective orders, everything is gonna come out to show how my grandmother was afraid of this woman and she took her life even though she gave her life.


Damn. Can I ask you one question? I and if it's too personal, you don't have to answer 'cause I'm just, I'm just wondering from a, from a trauma aspect and as a, as a a member of the family, like that's your mom and your your brother, what do you feel towards them? Do you hate them? Are you like, what is it? I don't say I hate them because I feel like that will put too much weight on my life. I've accepted the choices that they made for theirs and I've just moved on independently with my children just to give myself some grace because a while I was trying to figure out why and there would never be a why. So I've just been really going to therapy keep my kids in therapy, just making sure like we're vocal about our feelings because I don't want it to become rage.


And then we become unhappy people for the rest of our lives because of their choices. Ooh, send sending your healing energy. Definitely Queen Lord mercy. Yeah. But yeah, so I just, it was interesting because I'm dropping my son off at school And I can, I hear you guys' topic And I could see that it was triggering for him. Like, would you do the time for your mom? And he is looking at me like, mom, like what the hell? And I'm like, I know baby. Like everyone has their own opinions, like that's fine. But it was just interesting because people will do the time for their parents regardless of how much time and no matter how long of the crime. Wow. Damn. Well thank you for sharing your story and I'm so sorry. Yeah. Cindy, healing into your whole family.


Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Absolutely Lord have Mercy, turn this ish Off. I don. I don't even wanna play no more now. See, I don't want no more. We not playing Emini here. We listen, we we're talking about a real life situation, right? With Sean Kingston and his mom. So naturally there's gonna be other people going through stuff like that. Yep. Eight hundred five eight five one oh five when the phone lines are lit up. So we're still taking your calls it to breakfast slow. Good morning. Yeah. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about Sean Kingston and his mom now, Sean Kingston 35. His mom is 62. Were found guilty on all charges in their luxury fraud scheme trial. They face up to 20 years in prison, which is the maximum for federal wire fraud case. And we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If your child or your mom's got jammed up, would you take the charge for them? Hello? Who's this? Hey, it's Victoria. Hey, good morning Victoria. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Good morning everyone. So I, I'm not taking it, I'm not taking the charge for my mother.


One she done been to jail for before. She's been there, done that. So she do it again. She do it again. Look, she shoulda learned her lesson. Okay. I'm gonna put money on the books. I'm gonna call her. I'm see her. But girl, you getting too old to be young, wild and free again. Like how you was. Okay. So I don't know k Sean King to mama. She bugging out. She gonna have to do that. She got the money, he could support us. Thank you Victoria And I. Hello? He only expecting house arrest, right? Yeah, he just has house arrest 'cause she's a flight risk. So until they get sentenced. Hello? Who's this? It's too old Deshaun. What's up? What's your thoughts? Hey, listen, last time I checked my mom was, had me at 21 Emini here, she got 21 more years of common sense to me.


She gotta do that time. That's right. Damn, we acting like this. Not an a grown adult. We talking about adults here. We not talking about kids. Dave Charlemagne and you know, they building a new person over there on Lee Avenue. I think that's the woman's extension. My be all right. I dropped the canteen on him. Jesus Christ. Thank you sir. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's Draco from Hollywood, Florida. What's up brother? Sir, if your, if your mom got jammed up, you gonna do the time for Emini here? It depends on the situation. It it, who got some more motion out here? If she's sitting down at home, Shut up Man. She, She can sit down anyway. You know what I'm Saying?


You say who got more motion out here? Mama ain't got no motion. You know what I'm saying? She gotta go do that time. We gonna Make a ice for her. We gonna take care of her. We gonna make sure her commissary is full. You know, she got her soap and her, her shampoos and all that good stuff. You know, she gonna be all right. You know what I'm saying? I'm grown. I gotta raise my kids, you know what I'm saying? I know that. I know She'll, she'll do it. She'll do it for me too. You know she love her baby. Alright. Right. Damnit man, We acting like both of these people aren't adults. Like these are adults making adult choices. So you gotta deal with the consequences of your choices. Yeah. All right. Well is there a moral or that was the moral? I Don't really think it's a direct moral. Like he, I, I like the, the gentleman who just called up, he said it depends on who got the most motion.


You know what I'm saying? I like the motion conversation. I'm with that. I like that. Like I got more followers than you mom on Instagram. You gotta take your ass to jail. Ain't nobody checking for you. No way. You Know what, Emini Emini here. Jesus. All right, well we got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a free fast Man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Well right now there's a movement online, A Justice for Kenya Moore movement, Kenya Moore from the Real Housewives of Atlanta. So some background, Kenya Moore was suspended and definitely for the rest of of the season for Real Housewives of Atlanta Season 16 after it had been alleged that she had gotten into it with one of the new cast members, a woman named Brittany Edie. And during this back and forth that they had at one of Kenya's events for her new salon opening. And it's alleged that Kenya showed, you know, explicit photos of of Brittany and it was like a whole revenge porn conversation. But ultimately that led to her no longer being able to film after that episode for the rest of the season.


Now we have not gotten to that episode in the season, but last night an episode aired, the women were out to dinner and during this episode it went back to another incident that we had heard about but had not seen where allegedly it was alleged. But now we actually hear Brittany, Edie, the one of the newcomers mentions a a, a weapon, a gun to Kenya. Let's take a listen to that audio. Think This is Emini here. I still got my pistol. So girl Kenny's here anyway. Okay, can I put this in my car? Kenya, you riding with us? Oh, you going now? Yeah. Oh sure. I'm sitting in the back. You can drive me. I'm Miss Daisy. She talking about guns For real.


She was talking about I got still got my pistol on me. This girl is a, is is a problem. She gotta go. She gotta go for real, for real. She got hype, Not a pistol. Right Now she does not Emini here. She doesn't say I will shoot you, but if you telling somebody what you got on you Yeah, but Emini here, we in an argument. Right. And I, you know what I'm saying? And I'm like, yo, I I still got the gun on me. Yeah. And I got my pistol. I don't care how cute you say it. You know, I don't care if it's a little pink pistol, it hurts people and it'll be a crime if you use it. Right. Well the reason, the reason why people are having this movement is because they feel like after announcing this episode, because there were reports of this and Brittany came out after all the drama happened and said, you know, that she was being targeted or hazed after the whole Kenya situation.


And she mentioned that she's never once had possession of any weapons or threatened anyone ever. In that same statement back in June, people were like, well wait network, why didn't you at that moment protect Kenya the same way that you protected Britney later on by telling Kenya she could not continue the rest of the season. So people are, are are really upset about this. And and this goes back to what, what we talked to Portia about when she was up here. When we asked her if she felt like the network protects its stars because we've heard Kandy and a couple other people say that they don't feel like it does. I I just think it's messed up because even though she, like you said, she didn't say, I will shoot you, but still just saying that, you know what Emini here to intimidate somebody or to scare them, that's, that's still a potential threat.


Like you not just out here saying you got a gun for nothing. Right. You know what, Emini here and then for Kenya to be a og, like, you know what I'm saying? Like, and none of it is right, no revenge porn, whatever, like doing that was very petty And I didn't even think Kenya would do something like that. But still, if she gets suspended for that, then Brittany and, and she's a newcomer, it, I, I would think it would be nothing to suspend her or make her like penalize her in some way. Well We'll have to see how people, if they respond Emini here, the season's over, it's already shot. That's why it's airing. But Kenya did post a tweet after this, this episode Air last night and she said being the longest standing real housewives of Atlanta member threatened with whips and pistols by a newcomer three weeks into filming, seeing this obsession play out was scary.


I wanted protection and assurances that the threats would be taken seriously. I may be strong but I'm not bulletproof. Hashtag real housewives of Atlanta. So, So hold on. Who, who had the pistol now? Yeah, I was gonna say, did we know if she really had a pistol or was she just talking The trash? We don't know if she really had it, but when you say something you can't say something like that. Threat. Threat, yeah, absolutely. Yeah. You can't say something like that without taping the tv. I need to feel safe. You right. I also want to say that if you tell somebody you got a pistol, like if you in a person arguing and you heard some be like, yo, I got a pistol. You know what if you get shot? 'cause now what if I, what if I'm more quick on the draw than you? What if I really got mine? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You told me you got a pistol. I can only take that one way. Exactly. So what we'll have to see what happens if anything does happen. 'cause again, the season is over and who had a Whip?


I don't know Where, where they whips and all Who had to whip? She Had a whip too. I ain't hearing that. Maybe. Is that from another Ellen Kenya said in the tweet She said whips and pistols. I don't know because I ain't hear nothing about no whip in that one. But maybe it was in the, another part of the episode. I have no idea. I don't know about the whip y'all there might have been another part of the episode. Don't gimme the line or say anything incorrect. But I heard the pistol part loud and clear in the part that I saw. Yeah, I also today just wanted to take some time to send the family of Nipsey Hussle some love. Today is Mark's six years since his passing in la So just wanted to, you know, take some time to do that as well before we got up outta here.


Man, rest in peace to nip always man, miss that brother, great guy right there. Absolutely a hundred percent. And I, and can I shout out a DJ named DJ Eric Kai, DJ Eric Kai. I was sitting in a restaurant in Nashville over the weekend. I was in a STK and you know how you be in a restaurant and you start hearing all these good bops, like you hear Candy, rain, Medina, Howard Freak like me and Ja rule always on time. All them good old bops. And then I looked, and this is why you can't judge a book by his cover. This was a older white man who looked like he was, would've been playing nothing but country tunes. And he was playing nothing but he was rocking. Oh he was rocking some of the greatest negro spirituals you ever heard.


So salute the dj, Eric High. It's funny You say that because the STK in the city is the same thing. They have an older gentleman dj and it's the same thing. The the same bops. And when you look he'd be like, who the hell is DJing you? Like yes. You never would think it was, it would be that. But Yeah. And I, And I looked at, I looked up at him and he gave me the wink, he gave me that old wink with that point. Like yeah, young blood, you know what I'm saying? See you nephew. Nephew gave you with that Jay Princeton. Yeah, I see you. It was the same way when I went to record room in, in New York for the first time And I was like, oh wait, the DJ's white. Like, but he was really, really good. Nah, to Get busy too, Eric. I was getting busy S slew to him. Shout to Erica. You, You know what's crazy and this is just a random thought right?


When you at home it is weird for two people to eat two different things at home. But when you go to a restaurant, it's weird for two people to order the same thing. Mm. I've never thought about that. You High 'cause you don't girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That's a good observation. No, no, but she's right though it, it's a hot thought but It crazy. We would never eat two different dinners with your wife or like four Eat the same thing when we the Crib by the way, not only that, your wife gets mad, my wife will get mad when everybody wants something different in the house. What the hell y'all mean? Y'all want something different because she Gotta make all of It. Exactly. Yep. But then at the restaurant it's like, order y'all own food, get what you want 'cause you need to eat, don't wait food. Right. Don't Forget the same thing as me at the restaurant, but we gotta eat all the same.


The Whole Entree in the house. That's right. How did you think about that Jess? I'm smoking YI been smoking And you know what's crazy? Kids don't know the difference when they at home. So if you got young kids and they all want different things, it's because when they go to restaurants and stuff, they all order different things. That's Right. And I don't be like that in my house. Everybody gotta eat the same. We ain't cooking. We ain't cooking a bunch of stuff. Alright. No. Yeah, I ain't saying it's happening. I'm just telling you what they want. G Be cooking. Cooking. All right. Yeah. She be cooking, but she cooking one day. Before we Wrap up, I wanna make sure I tell people, please go take a listen to the podcast. The latest with Lauren Rose is out. First episode is live. We talk about Cardi B Offset. We talk about me and Jess as well too. Oh Nice. All great things. All love. All love.


So make sure you guys go and take a listen to that first episode is out. Tweet me, Instagram, whatever you gotta do to let the people know that it's here. And let me know what you think about the first episode, episode And, and, and let people know Lauren, like, you know, it's a daily podcast where you will be covering entertainment news, you know, things that you may not go into detail on Breakfast Club with. You'll be doing that on the podcast because you know, it's a lot of people who be wanting to be in the know of what's going on. Yeah. That in pop, in the pop culture, hip hop. Yeah. You know, entertainment world. And now they got a daily podcast that they can listen to the latest with Lauren. That's exactly, and we do different perspectives and point of view yesterday. So yesterday a lot of what I talked about, you probably have never heard me say from that angle in this room because it's four people versus just me in there talking to the walls. All right, well that is the latest.


Congratulations with Lauren. Thank You Jess. Now let's get to the mix of people's Choice Mix. Let's go. You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. Now I wanna salute to the Brooklyn net to again, I DJ there Friday night for HBCU Night. Had an amazing time. And then I wanna salute to Daja and Samantha Roberts. They got married yesterday, salute to Red. Our board album producer. He DJ with me. It was just a, a dope, dope, dope wedding. I love, love teared up a a bunch of times. So I just wanna say salute to them and congratulations and you know, goddaddy got you for whatever you need. So that was actually the first I, the first, the first little baby.


I changed the pamper when I was young. I think I was like 21. My friend had a a baby. That was her. And that was the first time I changed the a, a pamper I actually learned on her. So that's my little God, God baby. So I love her. I I know you better stop saying things like GoDaddy got you on whatever you need. And she was like, well I need a half a million for a down payment on this house. You right. Exactly. You right, exactly. And listen, I want to tell everybody too, man, thank you for going to get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. It's happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. You already know how we get down. If you've been to the last two, this year is gonna be just as incredible. We got Sarah Jakes Roberts doing her Woman Evolve podcast live on that stage, tanking Jay Valentine doing their RB Money podcast.


Carrie Champion doing her naked podcast just to name a few. So go get your tickets right now, black effect.com/podcast Festival. April 26th. Tomorrow's the first. So we be in April starting tomorrow. So go get your tickets now. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, CJ nv, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now we gotta salute Tasha Smith for joining us this morning as well. Man, Tasha is a light. Tasha really don't get enough credit she deserves because the reality of the situation is a lot of these great actors and actresses that we see out here, they learn from Tasha Smith. Absolutely. You know, and, and she's a vessel for so many.


So, you know, I I love the love on Tasha when I get the opportunity too. Plus she's just a good person. She's one of them people that's like, we'll hit you up for no reason and just encourage you, tell you to keep going. I, I I really appreciate Tasha. She good people. All right, well you got a positive note. Yes I do. The positive note simply this one day you will understand why your timing was perfect and why things had to happen exactly the way they did to protect you, to guide you, and to redirect you to where, to where you were always meant to be. Trust the process of your path, evolution and growth because it's all divine timing. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches, y'all finish or Y'all Done


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Al goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person, sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories From the Frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Elf Beauty, Teang Amin, legendary singer songwriter and philanthropist Jewel. Being a Rockstar is very fun, but helping people is way more fun. And Damien Maldonado, CEO of American Financing, I figured Out the formula. I just have to work hard Then that's magic. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark, the magic. Listen to math and magic on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcast.