
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or wanted. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke. You Guys, this is history. What you've done, what shot you guys have built. A platform that includes hey, world's most dangerous morning show DJ Envy record. I made it just hilarious. Jesse, would she Don't spare nobody. Charlemagne the God. What made you think the vi Of controversial questions would taking his part? I Like this show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good Morning. USA. Oh God. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Good morning, Lauren. LaRosa. Good morning. Did was the base, was it Basin or no?


No. Now you gotta say, good morning Charlemagne. God. Good morning Charlemagne. God beasts To the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. How you feeling LL Cool Bay? I feel great. Yeah, Man, I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed You know. Watch the, a very lively debate last night. Very much so. Very predictable. Very well, yeah. Very predictable. If, you been paying attention? Yes. You, you called It. Did any numbers come out? No numbers came out yet, right? We don't know. I didn't see anything. We don't know how many people watched it, but very lively debate last night between Vice President Kamala Harris and former president of the United States of America. Donald Trump. I'm sure that we will be discussing it this morning.


Yeah, we will. Because Morgan is about to come in for front page news. And then we have Angela Ryan and Andrew Gillum. They'll be joining us for a second to discuss as well. So we'll be talking about it a lot this morning. I Don't see ratings yet. Yeah. I don't think they came in. Not yet. Quite yet. Where did you watch It did because You know it was simulcast on a bunch of different networks. I watched it on CNN. I watched it on A, B, C 'cause I wanted to see, because A, B, C was the network that was hosting it. So I wanted to watch it. You do? On the network that was hosting It. Did you do the, you watch the special that they did too, prior to? No, 'cause I had it on CNN the whole time, and then I turned the, the A, B, C, then I watched the, a little bit of a, B, C 'cause John Call was on after that. And then I turned back to CNN to, to watch the Reactions, the commentary. Yeah. Yes. I I, the reactions, I was like, I gotta go to sleep or I'm not gonna get up anymore.


Off me, man. This guy. Hey Env, good morning. Morning. Hugging me from the back. What's wrong With you? I thought y'all said y'all didn't do that in here. Hey, that's Him, man. Hey, he just wanted, I don't morning Guys. Oh. 'cause I think that that was on record. Run the tape. What was on record when y'all said y'all didn't hug from the back? I don't. Here And. I been told y'all, y'all be doing that. You hug Me from the back before I only And I don't even like hugs from the back unless I'm sitting in this chair. 'cause then it like, we got a condom on. But listen, what, wait, what? Wallo 2 6 7 will be here. Yes. He's got a new book out called Armed With Good Intentions. And I'll be with Wallo tonight in Philadelphia at Uncle Bobby's books. I'll be there at 7:00 PM having a conversation about his new book Arm with good intentions. Wallo was a great brother. Yes. I'm sure y'all listen to the million dollars worth of Game podcast with Gilly If. you don't. You need to. He's got an amazing story.


He did 20 years in prison and he has come out and has done nothing but positive things with his life. That's right. His book is called Arm with Good Intentions. 'cause that's truly what he is absolutely armed with. That's what he comes in the room with at all times, man. Great brother. I am happy that he exists and I'm happy that we talking to him this morning about his new book, armed with Good Intention. That is right. That's right. Yeah. Everything you just said, I agree with Absolutely You know. I want to ask you, I haven't had a, a You know what I got yesterday that I haven't had in a long time. Melodic. No. I got a colonic. A nosebleed. What? Yeah, I got a nose. I, I guess I had a, I thought I had the flu. I don't have the flu. I thought maybe it was Covid wasn't covid. But yesterday that guy had a nosebleed outta nowhere. Well, is That blood pressure You stressed out? No, I'm not sip cocaine.


No. Huh? No. What is it? Drink some ginger a No. The funny thing is, I was in the store, And I read Super headss booked back in the day. And cool g Rap used to make her give oral sex to her nose, blood You. know what? Let's keep it moving. Now. When we come back to that front page news, You know we're talking about the debate. Why is that the first thing that comes to your mind? You did have a nose job last December. I did not have a nose job. Any, any after effects. I did not have a nose job, but I did call that doctor and he said I had to keep my nose moist. You called your nose surgeon. Now you called the per who did your nose job? I did not. I did that said You what? And I removed polyps from my nose. He said I had to keep my nose moist. Whatever you call it. King saline. Whatever you call, you wanna have more of a European nose. Yo, shut up man. Stop it. You can't even represent your Dominican heritage. But yes, Morgan will be up next with front page news.


We'll be talking about the debate. It's gorilla right here, right? Yep. Mr. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren, the Rosa of filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Morgan. Defund The police in Minnesota. She went out. Wait a minute, I'm talking now. If you don't mind please. Does that sound familiar? He thought he ate That. Yeah. He thought he ate that. He did. He Thought he that. Well, she did say it was a good line. So in case Jim missed it. Yes, but He wasn't talking though. I didn't hear her. She wasn't, wasn't. That's why, that's why I didn't hit it. Mike was muted, but yeah, I went and played it back.


Played it back and played it back. But yeah, in case you missed it, of course, the Presidential Debate between former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris was in fact yes, must see TV hosted by A, B, C and moderated by David Muir and Lindsay Davis. Congrats to them on that. There were reads from both sides. Yes. VP Harris invited people to attend a Trump rally. So people can see how the former president talks about fictional characters like Hannibal Lecter. And she claims people leave Trump rallies early because they're exhausted and bored. Meanwhile, Trump said he's going to send Harris a MAGA hat for endorsing his economic policies, adding, she should have fixed the problems in the nation in the last three and a half years when she was in office under the Biden Harris administration.


Now, Harris said Trump sent China American micro microchips and only cares about himself when it comes to an economy. Let's hear Harris and Trump's response when asked about the economy and fracking. So I was raised as a middle class kid. And I am actually the only person on this stage who has a plan that is about lifting up the middle class and working people of America. We've had a terrible economy because inflation has, which is really known as a country buster. It breaks up countries. We have inflation like very few people have ever seen before. I was the tie breaking vote on the Inflation reduction Act, which opened new leases for fracking.


Yeah. So Harris went on to say she will not ban fracking if elected. However, Trump claimed that if Harris wins fracking in Pennsylvania will end saying that he got the oil business going like nobody has before. He went on to say a claim that Harris wants to give transgender surgery to criminals. Not sure how that came about in that particular Issue. Trump said she won't let transgenders frack. I didn't know what that meant. I have no idea what that was even happening. I didn't know what that means. And when it comes to the issue of abortion and women's reproductive rights, former President Trump says his administration was able to leave Roe v Wade up to the States for the first time. VP Harris, on the other hand, said the government and Trump should not be telling a woman what to do with her body.


Let's hear those debate comments from Trump and Harris on abortion. But what I did is something for 52 years they've been trying to get Roe v Wade into the states. And through the genius and, and heart and strength of six Supreme Court justices, we were able to do that. Donald Trump hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And they did exactly as he intended. Trump also falsely claimed that Democrats support abortion in the ninth month of pregnancy. And even the execution of babies after that was crazy.


Wow. That was so crazy. Look, it went Exactly. You Gladly fact checked that right in the middle of it, right? Yeah, It went exactly how I knew it would go. I mean, when they debated about straight up policy, it wasn't even close. Because as Trump told us last night, he don't have a plan. Not yet. He said he has a concept of plan. A concept. A concept of a plan, right. He's working on it. She actually, vice vice president actually has a plan. And then she was just hitting him with straight up facts and truth about himself and this record. And it rattled him so much that he just tried to overtalk her, was talking outta turn. And then he just started sounding like a straight up mad man. Yeah, I was. It went, it went just like I thought it would go. It, it seemed like they never muted his mic. And then there was one time when she tried to get the point across, they, they wouldn't let her get a point across, but he was, he sounded like a man. We just kept talking.


I'm glad they didn't mute his mic. I'm glad that they would turn his mic on when he started talking like that. That's what they should have done. So people can hear how nudge he sound. Trump also slammed President Biden saying, Biden doesn't know if he's alive. Where That I can agree With, agree with he that I agree with Times. I agree With That part around globe. Of course, he's nowhere to be found during critical times around the globe. And Democrats threw him out like a dog. Harris reminded Trump that he's the Did eat the dog Though. Against They didn't eat the dog. They didn't eat the, according to Trump they did. That was the, that was the bunk. They didn't eat the dog. He seen it on TV though. But they didn't eat. I Ordered did it yesterday ahead of time. That in Ohio, at least in Springfield, Ohio, there are no Haitians and no reports of Haitians eating dogs or pets.


Okay. No pets were harmed. So yes, again, Harris reminded Trump that he's not running against Biden, he's running against her. So we'll talk more on the other hour, in the next hour about border security, about elections, about just more in the debate. It's so much to cover, really. And of course, nine 11, 'cause today is 23 years since Absolutely. That's right. The terrorist attack. So I I'm sure we'll break that down as well. I'm, I'm just happy because what we saw last night was the vice president Kamala Harris. I know, like she's tough as nail. She's built for a tough after Kamala Harris. I saw in Senate hearings back in the day after Kamala Harris You know, you hear behind the scenes when she turned to Trump and told him that Putin, Putin will eat your lunch.


You ah, I was like, yes. There was one point where she was about to be like, this here. Yo, I, she was like this. Yo, I got the video. I literally, I saved it. Former. I can't wait to, I remember that Point as a meme. She was just trying to figure out what to call him. Yeah. It wasn't gonna be this president, this former president. Yo, I'm so happy last night that I spoke black woman because her face and everything, she couldn't, I thought it was gonna be his faces, but it was totally Her face, her her language, the meat, her body language when she wasn't talking and the camera was just on her perfect. Absolutely Perfect. Just straight to the camera. When she wa when it was on her, He wouldn't even look, look her. He wouldn't even look her in the face. He didn't wanna shake her hand, would talk about it. He didn't shake her hand. He wanna shake her hand. He looked very weak last night. That is something I haven't seen from Donald Trump probably ever.


He just looked weak like the bully got bullied And ill prepared and, And, and does your bullet wound heal that fast? He had nothing. I didn't see a mark. No bandaid, nothing. A bandaid off still. He still got shot. He took the bandaid off a couple days. He got grazed. Oh, grazed. All right, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up now.


Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hello. Good morning. Good morning. How you guys doing? What's your name, brother? Everybody. My name is Al. I'm calling up from Queens. Al from Queens. A part of Queens. Ton, ton Southside Lawton Area. Okay. All right. Well get it off your chest. That's north. That's north side. But go ahead. Hey, let me start off by saying I love you guys, man. I listen to you guys every morning. Thank you brother. And I'm also a black man. I'm also an immigrant. But there are certain things that you guys are saying that Kamala wasn't supporting or she wasn't answering these questions. Man, I watched the same debate when they spoke about immigrants. She has the reason that all these immigrants are in the state of New York or any state for that.


I don't know. I mean, listen, I don't know why we put the blame on one person as if the border hasn't been an issue for years under every administration. That's why they were able to create a bipartisan bill that Donald Trump didn't wanna push through because he knew that it would give them a, give the democrats a, a win. So I don't, I don't understand why we act like one person caused the border to be a problem. But here's the situation. Even if he didn't push the bill, given more border patrol is not helping the situation that we are still allow these people to come in. See, you can get all the border patrols you want, but if the administration is allowing these immigrants to come in, giving them free flights to go anywhere across America, border patrol can't do anything. Isn't that just one part of the Administration? Tell us to do?


Oh, Angela Ryan is here, sir. Good morning, Ms. Ri. Not that true, Right, Angela? It's not true. And I. Think what's really unfortunate is on one hand we'll credit an administration for doing something good and say, that's all You know that that's, they did something good. It was just them. And on another hand, we'll remember how civics works and remember that a bill has to be passed in Congress. And so when Barack Obama was president, there was also an attempted immigration reform that Republicans stood in the way of. And so I think that you all have to look a lot further than what anything anyone can do in the administration to get border patrol and or, or border reinforcement, border enforcement and immigration reform under control. Cedric, good morning.


Good morning. How you doing? Get it off your chest, brother. Hey man, I, I just wanna say, I've been listening to y'all for a long time, very long time. And I just don't like how certain things we do on the radio show that I feel like if a white show do it, then they will be considered racist. And second Of all, tell me, gimme an example. Say it. Well, Charlemagne, you say a lot of things that is so racist. Like What? Like what me say it? Well, I, I don't wanna go back to it, but I would say, I wanna ask you one question. Charlamagne. Yes sir. I wanna go back to it. Kama Harris said that she was listening to Tupac in college. How? That her, on that man, How, what Kama Harris said she was listening to Tupac in college and y'all did not correct her on that Because she ain't say that to me.


Yes she did. No she didn't. That was, that was the narrative that was created from that sit situation. But she didn't say that. She said she listens to Tupac and Snoop and she says she smoked weed in college, which somehow or another people took both, both of 'em together. Put both of those together. We asked her clearly. I was here, sir, I heard the conversation. Well, that's what I got from it. I mean, I could be wrong, but you are, you calm down a little bit. Charlemagne. But How is that racist though? No, no, no. Not that part. I can't pinpoint all the other stuff you see on the radio. Is it the word? Hold on. Is it the word cracker? No, it's cracker ass cracker. No, It, it's not that. It's not that. I say for instance, yesterday the girls, I forgot her name, I'm sorry.


Lauren. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I think it felt racist When she was talking about Taylor Swift. Y'all like, don't you ever big up a white lady? How did not say that? I mean, I imagine if that Was gonna that's not what I said. He said, he said You can't say Taylor Swift is the reason the FL is doing good. Yeah, she said she, she said, we stand on the shoulders of Taylor Swift, you got a hear ain got nothing to do with racist. You be hearing wrong. Then He said, he said the shoulders were as bony. And I said that the pants took off the Waist. That's right. That don't got nothing to with racism. That Wasn't racist. You deaf, bro. And Taylor Swift has nothing to do with the success of the NFL. Can we agree on that? Seen the deaf People. No, you, you chose it right by that. So how's that racist? No, but I'm Saying Can we agree that their jeans slip off their waist? Okay. See, see that's what I'm saying.


That's like crack jokes. Did white, did your white wife Convi tell you to call her? Oh man, No. Charlemagne charmagne. One thing if I go, I look up to you. I'm married from to my wife for 20, we've been married for 10 years now. Congratulations. High school. She's Caucasian and she's black. There you go. Happy to hear that, bro. So, But I love y'all show. Keep doing what y'all doing, man. I love You too, man. I have a good one man. I just want to know why I'm racist. What did I do Racist. He didn't have, he didn't have any concrete examples. I think you in the clear for this. I don't think you'd be hearing. Well, I think I hear wrong at, listen at least three times a week. I tell y'all how much I hate. So it's all I think I'm very equal.


Opportunity Opportunities, cool opportunities. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up right now. Also, we have Tiffany Cross and Angela Rye from the Native Tongue Podcast joining us today. So If, you want to talk about the debate? You got questions, you wanna debate them? You want to talk to them? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Will. Far from Jersey. Well, from Jersey. What up? Get it off your chest To jump right in.


Yeah. The debate just epitomizes why in American society we need to bring back hardcore economics into the high schools and junior high schools and civic, because for him to keep on emphasizing people keep on saying, oh, the most important thing is the economy, which I, I get it. But there's certain things that the president doesn't have control over. And people like gas prices is more reflective of big business inflation is more effective, more affected by big business, not the president. They have influences on these things. But the president can't just say, Walmart, lower your prices for lower your prices. There are other things in place that are outside the control of the presidency.


And for, i i, for the lack of a better word, uninformed people to say, well, things are so high because the president did this or didn't do that. Actually the president of this administration signed contracts for the, the oil companies to go ahead and lease some of the land that the government owns that have gas deposits and oil deposits under there. But what would happen? So they sign those leases and then they don't drill. If they drill, what happens? Oil supply goes up, prices go down. So these, there's certain things people has gotten to the point where we'd rather be entertained than informed. And that's where we are. It's just like, not to cast judges on certain religions and churches, but people go to church and they entertain and they walk out, they're feeling good, but they didn't learn anything about the Bible or, or God or, or whatever the beliefs are.


Mm. So, and that's where we are in America because we we're eating, but we're not getting any nutrition. Metaphorically speaking. Are we eating dogs though? And Not yet. But You know. Look, look at him. Happy to be entertained. He, he he Perked up. Hey listen. They talking about those cat ladies? So may maybe. Yeah. What is their their publicity With, with with pets Animals. I know. Yeah. What going on? I thought with, well get it off here. Hold on. We got Tiffany Cross and Angela Rye here. Right? And we are going to talk about the debate. So If, you have questions about the debate. If, you want to talk about the debate? Call us right now. +1 800-585-1051. Okay. That's right. And they're from the Native Land Podcast.


So tune in now and next we got rumors, right? Jessica? Mess with along what we talking about. Yes, We are talking about Taylor Swift. End. Dorson Kamala. You Just love Taylor Swift, Huh? Oh my God. Please let me live today. Let me live today. We'll get to it. Nexus The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv Jess Aria Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jessica. The mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare. Nobody. She don't, bro. Why? Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coaches shooter. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa.


I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay y'all. So yesterday after the debate, Taylor Swift people have been waiting to hear from Taylor Swift. 'cause we already know where Beyonce stands. No, nobody was waiting on this. No. We already know where Beyonce stands because freedom is Kamala Harris.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drop modes. You can take your favorite choice while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't Really hear them boys. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From College to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen-free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


This campaign song people were waiting to hear from Taylor Swift. Now, I know y'all wanna say I'm a swifty, but I am not. What I am doing right now is I'm about to show you guys once I talk about this, watch how the celebrity of Taylor Swift helps to elevate everything Kamala is. Oh, oh, you are ridiculous. You would say a white woman. Everything she's already doing were say you would give a white woman credit for elevating Kamala. I ain't give credit. Not not the fantastic debate she had last night. I said, when she wiped her ass with Donald Trump, you wanna give the credit to Taylor Swift? We No, no, you waiting On a white If. you bad. We Did that already. I said it was already doing. See, I knew y'all was gonna hate on. This is crazy. Save me. Now let's, let's take a a, a read of the caption. So she posted a photo with her cat. Her cat is named Benjamin Button.


Her cat, she's a cat lady. So she said, like many of you, I watched the debate tonight. She also thinks that the debate was amazing. She's not taken away from the debate. If, you haven't already, now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand and the stances. These candidates take on topics that matter to you the most. As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can about their proposed policies and plans for this country. She said recently she was made aware that there was an AI of her falsely endorsing Donald Trump. So she's addressing that and saying that it was posted to his website, which conjured up her fears around ai. But she just wanted people to know that it, it was not true. Those are not her plans for this election as a voter. She says that she'll be casting her vote for Kamala Harrison. Tim Walls in the presidential election.


She's voting for Kamala because she fights for the rights and causes that she believes the, that America needs a warrior and a champion. And Kamala is that. And she's steady handed. She's a gifted leader and she's gonna accomplish everything that the country needs. But more importantly, she wanted people to know that she's done her research, she's made her choice and that they should go out and do the same thing as well too. And she signed this a childless cat lady. So that was taking a shot at JD Vance. Oh, that might have been a shot at Travis. Travis Kelsey. You better go buy a ring because Taylor Swift will not be having any kids until you put a ring On it. Lemme tell you something. When she signed it, a childless cat lady, I was like, no childless cat. Ladies don't come and get me. But the way that they try to make them seem like people that like don't have a man, don't have nothing going on.


I'm like, dang, what about her boo? Because she got him, man. So I thought that was a shot at him as well too. Y'all are not, y'all don't care. Lemme tell y'all I was watching CNN like literally soon as the debate went off and then I saw the tweet on Twitter five seconds later, CNN had it up. This is news y'all. Yeah. America's a very unserious country. Everyone on cable news should be talking about how Donald Trump might be retarded. And he was incoherent last night. Cannot stop. He did not have a grasp on policy. And he doesn't have a plan. He has a concept, a plan. The things that come out his come out, his mouth come outta mind are crazy. He seen it on tv. Yeah, he was on defense the whole time. He looked weak. He looked fragile, he looked old. Nothing he said landed. That's what they sh should have been talking about.


Alright, well hopefully they do that because all I was seeing was Taylor Swift Swift's, what impact does she No, I'm trying to, you was watching CNN last night, right? Charlamagne after the, after the debate. Yep. And I went to bed. As soon as they started talking about Taylor Swift, they Started having that conversation about her impact. Right? Well actually they, they started 'cause they had Governor Josh Shapiro on And I guess that she had first posted about it when he was on. So they asked him about it and then they actually had a conversation about it. And You know what that, what that might mean. But I mean, listen, once again, I, I was very impressed by the flawless victory that the vice president put on last night. I was too. I wasn't You know, but I'm also 46. So Taylor Swift and Dawson, the vice president isn't gonna move me. And not at all. It, it might move the kids. Yeah. And then Lauren then notably once she, once she did post that, there were a bunch of other people that follow suit.


Like s Selena Gomez, like the post Jennifer Aniston, lady Gaga, Andy Cohen anymore. So You know all the mayonnaise is a line now Jesus. But I'm racist. You gonna call Eric me? Eric called in early. And I said I'm me. Y'all know how about She's sitting there supporting people May and now it was mayonnaise. Mayonnaise. Why they mayonnaise? Ain't we wrapping up? You like, what did those people do to you for you to call them human jars of helmets? I mean, facts is fact. I don't know what else to say. Wow. I Don't And Selena ain't even mayonnaise. That's what's crazy. She kind of, she Spicy, she she she like in between like she, she is spice but a little bit of mayonnaise. She not like fully sson. This is crazy. She not fully Saxon y'all.


She Is crazy. I can't believe you just racist itlo. I Don't, I don't y'all know. I don't think that black people can be racist. So don't get me started that. All Right, well thank you La Osa. That was just with the maona. You listen to Shake it off on the way home today, Abby. I Don't listen to shake it off. Check It. Huh? I don't have that in my Sato. All right Nat, when we come back, we got front page news. Tiffany Cross and Angela Ry will be joining us as well from the native land pod. So If, you got some questions you want talk to debate, we can do that as well. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club and Wallo will be here with us next hour too. That's right. You chicken out. The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. NV Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is out. Lauren la Rosas filling in. And we have Tiffany Cross and Angela Ry here.


Hello. Hello. And let's get back in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So yes, the conversation continues around the Presidential Debate on the issue of border security. Vice President Harris says Congress is to blame for not addressing the border issue. And she accused Trump of killing the bill in Congress in order to make it an election issue. Now Harris went on to list members of Trump's staff that have criticized him, calling him a disgrace and endorsing her. However, Trump said Harris is destroying the border and added that immigrants are what you mentioned before and seems to be the topic of conversation today. Are eating dogs in Ohio. Do we have the audio where Trump says that they're eating dogs In Springfield, they're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats.


They're eating. They're eating the pets. That was hilarious. That was fun. Talk about extreme. Look. I seen it on tv. I seen it on tv. Yeah. So as you can hear VP Harris jumping in talking saying that that was just extreme and not so Trump went on to say he would start deporting illegal immigrants immediately if he was elected. But he could not answer how he plans to do that. More on his concept plan when it comes to elections and election interference. Trump is still not acknowledging that he lost the 2020 election to the Biden Harris administration saying there was so much proof. Let's hear more from the debate on elections And they should have sent it back to the legislatures for approval. I got almost 75 million votes.


The most votes any sitting president has ever gotten. I was told if I got 63, which was what I got in 2016, you can't be beaten. A lot of these illegal immigrants coming in, they're trying to get them to vote. They can't even speak English. They don't even know what country they're in. Practically Donald Trump was fired by 81 million people. So let's be clear about that. And clearly he is having a very difficult time processing that. Yeah. And as a result of that, January 6th was a result of that. So Trump claimed he wanted a peaceful transition in 2020. But he also went on to say that the people involved in the Capitol riots are being treated unfairly. He claims he wanted the National Guard sit in, but former house speaker Nancy Pelosi would not allow it when it comes to war.


Specifically the war against Russia and Ukraine and the Israel. Hamas war Trump said neither would've happened under his administration. He says he knows both presidents of the President of Ukraine and Russia very well and they respect him and not Biden Harris said Trump would give up. His would would give up because his friendship to Russian president Vladimir Putin and Putin is a dictator, as you mentioned before, Charlamagne, who would quote eat him for lunch. They also spoke about the Israel Hamas war with here saying it should end immediately. And Trump saying she hates Israel and the Arab population. Let's hear more on the debate on the current wars. Putin endorsed her last week, said, I hope she wins And. I think he meant it because what he's gotten away with is absolutely incredible.


It wouldn't have happened with me. And it is absolutely well known that these dictators and autocrats are rooting for you to be president again because they're so clear they can manipulate you. Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. Children, mothers, She wouldn't even meet with Netanyahu. When he went to Congress to make a very important speech. She refused to be there 'cause she was at a sorority party. So Vice President Harris did have a sorority meeting, but she did in fact meet with net Netanyahu the next day. So let's go ahead and You know debunk that one. Vice President Harris says that Israel has a right to defend and how that happens does matter.


Now Trump also says the he wants the war in Ukraine to stop. But he would not answer whether he wanted Russia or Ukraine to win. He also talked about race. They mentioned the topic of race when it comes to race. He spoke on prior comments that he did not know Harris was black. Let's hear those comments on race. All I can say is I read where she was not black that she put out. And I'll say that. And then I read that she was black and that's okay. Either one was okay with me. I mean, honestly I think it's just a, a tragedy that we have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently over the course of his career, attempted to use race to divide the American people.


Angela Ra you okay? No. Oh, we about to talk about it. 105 8 5 1 5. One bullet over There. We about to talk about it. Let's do, let's do nine 11 for us and, and You know 'cause today is the, the 23rd anniversary of nine 11. So yes, the president and vice president are marking the 23rd anniversary of September 11th. The September 11th terrorist attacks. Biden and Harris will visit The World trade center for the ground zero memorial. The White House says the two will also visit the crash sites in Shanksville, Pennsylvania and the Pentagon in Arlington Virginia all three locations of the 2001 terrorist attacks. Now former president and Republican presidential non nominee Donald Trump, he is also expected to visit the nine 11 site in lower Manhattan Today we will continue to remember those who lost their lives that day and those who made the ultimate sacrifice that going in and helping those You know the firefighters, the police officers and everybody who jumped in to help those efforts.


And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, you can follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, make sure you're listening to the Black Information network@bnews.com. Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, thank you. Wallo will be joining us, but Tiffany Cross and Angela R are here. So If you have questions, you wanna talk to debate. We're gonna talk to them at eight o'clock with you. Get on the phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. What were your thoughts on the debate last night? What did you wanna see more of? What didn't you like? And we're gonna break it down with Tiffany Cross and Angela Ross. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lawrence filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ladies on guy. It's going down. Wallow. Listen man, Welcome to The. Breakfast Club this morning presented to you by million dollars worth of game. Listen man, we done bought the company man. It's it's good man. It is going down man. We doing it big now man. Got my brother right here. I'm so proud of you Wao man. Listen man, listen. I wanna give you, before I even start, I gotta give you your flowers 'cause you been man you it me and you done had several phone calls. We had a thousand phone calls a couple years ago. You hit me up, you was like Wallo, you need a book. This was years ago and you was talking about how you and Kev was talking about you and Kevin Hart was talking about said man Wallo would be crazy on a, on a audio book. Yep. Yep. Which I did my own audio book.


Shout out to You know. Shout out to Aana Van Zant also who did the audio? She did the forward for me. Shout out to 13 A my publisher man for You know Charles Soup. Yes. For making it happen. Simon Schuster. But we here now. You told me you keep telling me about the book of your book. The book Changed your life. That's right. Book. And you got too much of a story man. The book. The book, the book. That's all you kept saying. And now we here man all with good attentions. That's game changing for man. The book title is perfect for you because there's not too many people on this planet who come with good intentions like Wallow does. Appreciate that. When did you develop that, that mentality? I don't know man. I was on the street corners. I was, I was, I had good intentions on the street corners. I just wanted to steal American dream man. I said man is too slow. The only people that got respected my neighborhood was the successful criminals.


So even though I was a good person growing up, my grandma raised me. Well my mom You know, You know. I was like I gotta figure this out. So I said I gotta, I got man, the only people they respect out here is the people that's winning by any means. And then even in America, I was like damn, hold up America. They don't even respect the Scarface. They don't even respect the Godfather. They don't respect nobody else. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I gotta go get some money. So even though my heart was good, I had to go figure it out. And that led me to prison most of my life. And and but You know even in there you used in prison 13 years, right? 13 years. 20, 20 years. No 20 years. I did 20 penitentiary five years in and outta the juvenile system. And even in there I remember You know, oh here man, how you all I did was laugh in jail and just do what I needed to do. Educate myself. 'cause I realized that. And to the point where somebody said I was one of the nicest dude in prison because I knew why I was there.


I did mines. I was accountable for my bull. So You know and that helped me change and develop into what I become today. You know I'm just happy to be here. And, I, And, I, And I. Try my best this year. All the knowledge that I got as You know with our people to show us, listen we bigger than what y'all think we are because I always say this and it's crazy to me. It's like You know back in the day we didn't had nothing but we had everything 'cause we had each other. Mm. And that was important. And it's like, it seemed like now we find so many reasons not to deal with each other and it's like God damn who you working for Word. That's right. How you go on social media, it's like who you working for? But I had to realize something. A lot of us don't want to look in that mirror and deal with it. I don't hate envy because of his money, his cars, his family, his marriage.


I hate envy because envy getting love for doing something that I always wanted to do. But I ain't have enough heart to go out here and do it. Well die your bid. No, I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about in general. Oh okay. Yeah he do got that Beijing do. But I'm just saying like shout out Beijing, give him a deal. It's not Beijing but like this third just for man. But oh damn. Okay. He better be paying you the way you put that out there promo. But but what I'm saying is like that's how I coach you became, it became like this in social media, media like a lot of people gotta look in the mirror and say damn I done materialize my dreams right up. And that's the hardest thing to do is up You know. So it's more easy to say Charlamagne and sucker envy this Lord this just this. It's much more easy to say than to say let me get off my ass and go ahead and do something with my life.


So, but it's just, it's just sad out here when you see it now and this, it's just like we just, I don't know man. And all we ever had was each other. That's the only way we ever made it in life. You said you in the book, you say it is actually in the chapter arm of good intentions. Yeah. You said you screamed out one day and you made it a daily reminder that nobody will save you. Nobody. Especially when I was in prison. I'm like we could playing and we doing, I'm like yo bro, we ain't, we inside these white folk spot man, ain't nobody coming. Like if this go off anything else, we gonna be locked in these cells. Ain't nobody coming. But that's the same thing in the ghetto. Ain't nobody never come and save nobody. Right. Who saved who Real. What was the change for you? What was, 'cause you said you were in and out. What was the change? You said yo, I gotta get this right. And, I gotta change myself. Like to be realistic man, I, I got tired of being in jail with a bunch of, you see what I'm saying?


I wanted to take a butt naked shower You. know what I mean? I couldn't do that. I wanted to sleep naked in the bed. I couldn't do that 'cause I'm in the, I gotta cell you. I don't know if he might wake up in the middle of the night because like, yo man let me, I need parts of that. Like what we doing? Yeah. I, I'll be straight up. He might wake up in the middle of the night and be like, Hey my man, let's, let's figure something out. Oh, You know what I mean? So I don't know. I'm just being real because listen, You know what's crazy. I think one of the reasons I made it through jail so smoothly. 'cause I was always a, a comedian on the low You know, see what I'm saying? I was always funny. They was like, hey, because I wasn't there scared to death. You know how dudes come on from jail. I be trying to wonder that I did all this time in jail. I'd be like, what program was you on that you wasn't scared in jail? That you was just so tough? Yeah, because I was scared to death. Soon as they listen, soon as that judge gave me them numbers and they You know you, you had your, you had your thing together about nothing You know what I mean?


See my little words back and forth, you see the, it's, it is back and forth. Word play I had with the judge is, yeah I'm gonna be back. Ah. Walked in the joint You. know what I mean? Now you gotta do the walk back in. 'cause now you're going back into the cages where everybody looking at you when you come down. What they give you with it ain about nothing. Man, they gave me a little twenties man that nothing, by the time I get to my, my cell later on that I throw that towel up crying like a baby man for a newborn. Damn. And then, and then once you, the shackles hit you box like an animal, the shackles going from your arm to your feet. You get upstate, you, you hit that penitentiary yard and you like where my mom at? Mm. I ain't know it was like this. Mm. I'm seeing people with knives longer than the giraffe trunk. How old you? I was, I was, I went to the penitentiary. And I was 17 but I hit the big prison yard when I turned 18. I was in Dallas Penitentiary in Pennsylvania.


And that was like, that was a different type of job man. I'm seeing people get married in the yard and all that. I'm like, I ain't trying to beat nobody wife. I ain't signed up for this. So I know straight up I'm looking like he said no married in the yard. No people was getting married in the yard. And, I said damn man. Wasn't real weddings though. No, it was real weddings like it wasn't no like they If you got the Bible and you got somebody that's offic you attending like you, you were just in the yard too. No, I was walking in the yard. And, I walked back. You know I was you like a guest at the No, I was not. I wasn't a guest. I was in the background 'cause I was walking in the yard. So I'm like, I'm sitting there and I'm like, I ain't trying to get married in the yard man. Damn. And then I'm seeing people get stabbed and all. I'm like, yo, I'm not trying to, why the, so I would go to my cell and be like, yo, what the fuck going on? I ain't signed up for this because nobody tell you this because only stories that we hear back in the hood about jail is that you come home and you get rewarded and you get acknowledged and you tough and all this other, you get muscles.


But I'm like, I'm like damn, ain't nobody talking about the scary part. So I had to be the one to tell, the scary part, to tell the real part because I was scared. Especially listen. So I get up to the penitentiary, it's shower time, I go down there, I got my boxers on and all that. So I'm like damn, ready? Go down there. And this is my first time in a real, 'cause I went to the penitentiary when a lot of younger dudes started to go like you was getting certified as adult. They created new law. So a long time there wasn't no young boys in the one penitentiary. I went to Dallas Penitentiary. It's mostly old heads and they had the most lifers in the state of Pennsylvania at this time. So you could be in a cell with anybody. You could do one year, be in the cell with a lifer. It don't matter. So I go, I go to go to the shower. So I got my towel on my, my, my boxers on. And when I went to the shower, right, I go down there steamed up and everything.


The shower is probably maybe 15 shower heads and the block got a hundred something dudes on there. So when I go in the shower room, it was like a movie. Like everybody looked at me like, why you got them boxers on everybody up? I'm talking about, there was a, I'm talking about it was a sword show in that joint. Man, you wanna see what you working with type thing? No, no. I'm just like, no. It's like, that's not normal. Like you. Yeah. And I'm like, You know what? That day I realized that a shower wasn't important than a bird bath. I said I could go back to my cell and just wash up there. Yeah. Why would I need what? Why do a shower really mean that? So you ain't take a shower, you bur the whole way. No, I took it for a while till I just You know. Went down there and just had my short tone. Yeah, you get comfortable because I, 'cause I had, I was like, damn man. Like why everybody gotta be naked in this joint man?


And then they looking at you. Then they talking like, like they be as nigga. They talking. Yeah. You see the game. Oh man, what's the name went on M Smith. I'm like, man, oh man. Like we ain't supposed to like, y'all supposed to be doing this shit. I don't know. When did you get like, like, like comfortable with it? Like your first naked shower? Were you talking? No, I never got a naked shower. You had, I didn't say. Oh yeah, I did hold up. I, but I got, I got one when I got to the jail where you get your own booth. Okay. I wasn't trying to be a part of it 'cause it's like, it's like a volunteer, like you volunteering something. How long it took to do that? Oh, years. It took years. But different jail, different part of the jail got different sections where you get a single shower. So, and that jail was yours where you got the single shower locked in. But it was like, man, I always feel like that was the volunteering services.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like you was, you was, you was giving invitations to something. So I didn't know. Alright, we got more with wallow when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Wallo. Now I got a question. When did you realize this is what you wanted to do when you came home and you said you took that drive and you went back to, you had the McDonald's with the grandma's house. When did you realize this is what you wanted to do and, and how you wanted to change for the, the next generation? I was in, shout out to the life of G'S Lifer Brothers, this organization, N-W-A-C-P and all that, the, the brothers that was in the penitentiary with me, the eldest, there's an organization called Real Street Talk. So I'm in there and one of the O OGs brother minister Rob, shout out to him.


He come to me, he said, Walla, we need you to come down here and talk. It was a bunch of Brother Shakur Sharif. It was Ike a big Shannon. It was a bunch of brothers that was getting together to talk to the two, 300 inmates a week that was coming in to talk to 'em about, listen, why you in jail? Use this as your time to educate yourself. So you go back out there and make something happen with yourself. And it was called Real Street Talk. So I was one of the dudes that spoke in a, in a way to where as though they really understood what I was saying. 'cause I was like one of the youngest dude, even though the OG spoke too. And I seen that they was listening. They was tapped into it. And it was a brother, brother Rob Griffin. He was from the used to do security for Malcolm X and the nation Islam back in the day. And he came to my cell one day and he was like, brother, not too many brothers out here speak with though multiple generations could listen and understand it. And the like, you, you speak clear.


Keep doing that. So when I got out, I just started, grabbed it, grabbed that phone and just start popping it because nobody was doing it. And I knew that I had to do it.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide an owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love Her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being The victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Here are episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids' Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday.


Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Put in a unique way because I was battling on the timeline, I was battling for attention, right? You know when you go down the timeline I'm looking at, I say, okay, I gotta battle the girl that's ass naked. I gotta battle my man with a pound of jury on. I gotta battle of the rapper, the athlete. I said I got him. That's why If, you seen a lot of my videos in the beginning. I'll be running across the highway 18 willer come laying on the ground, catch him on my head. They laughing. But I'm giving you the message long as you listening because what everybody was afraid to tell us, like yo, you can be great. You amazing. Like we built pyramids with no cranes. I don't know what I, I read in the, in the, I'm like, hold on. We did that. You mean to tell me we came up by slavery. This little lady got us outta slavery, sister got us outta slavery and that ingenuity ho what the fuck is going on? Frederick Douglas was who? He did what I realized this If, you can make him laugh. You can make him listen.


I always loved comedy because I used to listen to I Paul Moody, Richard Pryor, all of my uncle would play the records. Red Fox, And I be laughing, but they'd be saying some deep hmm and be they lace it up. So I'm like, okay, I just gotta give it to our people in a different way because I just couldn't get the whole Harriet Tubman thing just just had me just like, yo, it's nothing you can't do. So I just be looking like, no, it's just a different way and a different language. You're doing it. And one thing that I'm always do, you'll never hear me talk down or hate any of our people You know why never all of our people, they might have a different message and no matter what you doing business, this, that, I don't care what you doing, we don't have to be doing the same thing. And just because we ain't doing the same thing, even if we might be doing something that's similar, we ain't gotta be mad at each other. I ain't gotta hate you. You ain't gotta hate me because at the end of the day, is this really about the up upliftment of our people?


If it is, how can I go online and say anything bad about our people? If I really care about our people, right? I can't tear you down to lift them up mathematically. It don't work. So what I do is no matter If, you say something about me, say something about whatever, I'm never gonna say nothing about nobody because that's not going to add value to the whole playing of us. That's wallo really like this too. I'm not gonna do that. Even off camera. He's like you. You the generational curse breaker. Wallo. That's why I'm glad I'm trying to, that's why I'm so glad you put out a book man. 'cause that's right. I need to see you on every platform having these conversations. I wanna see you on the view. I wanna see you on the hall show. I wanna see But You know what You know what's crazy though. And, and this is why our Brothers club is a major platform for our culture and will always be, you get it when it's not cool, you get it before it go popular.


You get it before it go shiny. You get it. And understand that a lot of these people don't give fuck about that. Even though you name platforms, they don't care about that. They just want some shiny shit. You right now, while lo come outta prison, I'm probably one of the greatest comebacks ever to come outta prison in life. But they not gonna get that to New York Times bestseller, hit all that stuff, stop. They don't understand us and we control. Cool. But a lot of times we don't own it. So they try to get a close proximity to our coolness and we so much suckers. We don't be understanding that. We don't even know why when we being used out here. That's why there's a lot of shit that I see online. I be like, damn, we goofy as shit man. Can't nobody outside of us validate us but us. I'm never gonna let nobody tell me that you not cool that you not cool that outside our culture.


And I'm never going to let nobody give approval of what's cool and what's not outside of our culture of this blackness. I love being black. I'm a die black. That's right. My family is black. I look at us And, I say we some extraordinary people. And it's not taking that enough from any other group of people. But everybody else love self. So I'm gonna love me and and You know And I got some extraordinary people that's not black. This family, that's business. But at the end of the day, until we start loving us on all levels, we gonna be left behind. What do you think about when, when Michael Rubin was up here and said pretty much the same thing that you just said right now? Obama did not say that. No, no, no. But he just said we we heard our say nothing. No, no. He basically said our community hurts ourselves. That's what he been saying. The whole lemme say this though. Let me say this though.


Everything is about the messenger. 'cause I can't speak on behalf of You know different races. I can't do that because if they gonna like, like is you Wallo? So that's normal. But one thing that I can say is that everybody is speculating. Everybody's around. On that day that Meek was in that courtroom, I was in that courtroom to come to speak for Meek. Michael Rubin was in that courtroom. And when we took that break after the, the, the You know the judge was roughing meek up. I'm talking about she was like, she was roughing meek up. We went outside to the hallway and Mike looked at us and said, what's going on in here? Like this guy was really shocked. I'm like, this is being black in America. He was like, what the fuck he I'm talking about? He was personally pissed 'cause he didn't understand that'd be going. 'cause a lot of people just don't know. He said he didn't realize it was two Americas until that case. Listen, that day he looked at and then he attempted to walk back in the courtroom after we had the conversation and she slapped him around and he like, what the like, because he stood up and spoke and stood up and she was like, yeah, all right.


Writing in the paper, like he went and done something. I respect Mike for that. You know people gonna have they their opinions on people. But I'm talking about when I see a good person, I see a good person. I salute a good person. That's, I ain't with all that that because I'm gonna tell you something man, to be real with you. I got a lot of people that's not black. They help outta me saying because they really, people that really believe that And I ain't talking about business. I'm talking about in life people. That people that love you, love you. It's not a, it is not always gonna be a color thing. And I know we fight so much to get us together. But at the end of the day, while you spend your, your your your time on this planet, you better love who love you and you better figure out who love you and who got your back. Mm. Because I'm gonna tell you something. I don't know what everybody else doing out here, but I'm 45 and I'm saying to myself, hopefully I get another 45 out here.


'cause my grandma 90. So I'm measuring it by then. My uncle James, rest in peace and him, he died. He was 93 or 94. But we gotta, we got a nice length in our drink. Pause. Pause. Oh was that a pause? I gotta run that by Cam because I'm talking about a limp of years. I'm not saying Oh yeah. Alright. Paul said that Definitely pause. Yeah, I gotta pause breakdown. No, that's cool. The breakdown of the but but what I'm saying is, well you was a Paul champion though. You got the more of the history you in the Guinness. But I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this though. I'm looking at it like I'm 45 now. There's a big chance I'm getting outta this joint one day I can't worry about, I'm gonna be going, I gotta go right up. I gotta go. Yeah. And when I go my whole thing, I wanna be able to say I left that shit on the planet. That's why, that's why I live the life that I live.


I do me if I wanna buy, so buy it. If I'm gonna go somewhere, I'm gonna go somewhere. I'm not living my life based off of some fear. Because guess what? You know how many mothers in the in in the graveyard sitting there mad as like, damn I should have got dizzy. Damn I should have went here. Damn, I should have done this. We don't do enough. We don't live enough. We don't, we don't put more positive energy out enough because I'm saying to myself, damn I got, I got a lot of shit to make up on. 'cause I know what You know when I see you, God, I don't want it to be like that. And I tell you because God get funky for people You. know what I mean? I'm, I don't wanna be the one you be like you, you had plenty of time. Right? You know where you gotta go at the end of the day. I just try to put the best energy possible out there to our people to let 'em know, listen man, we ain't got time. We ain't gonna be here to forever love each other. Do what you gotta do and keep it moving. But one day you gotta gig up outta here. Alright, we got more with Wallo when we come back.


It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Wallo. His book on with good intentions is out right now. Charlamagne, one thing I want you to talk about before we leave. You said, you said the feeling of not being punished for doing something you knew was wrong was equivalent to your first orgasm. How long did it take for you to actually feel guilt when you, when you did something wrong? Man, it took me a while because you young and you just don't know. So it take you a while and then, then when it hit you just be like, damn, I did some crazy. Hmm. But it was a while. It was just a thirst. It was just, I, I don't know. I think I was just part of stealing an American dream. I was doing my thing 'cause I wanted to be, you understand, I'm looking at these movies man.


I'm looking at Ray Ola and my good fellas and, and, and You know the, the part where he burning the cars up, he throwing the joint. He said by the time I was 14 I was making more money than a than the grownups around my neighborhood. I'm like damn, I wanted to be that. I wanted some money because we gonna be obvious. We, I always tell people this, when that guy in the eighties pull up with that Benz, maybe You know what I'm talking about. He got the Benzs in the eighties. He got that gold chain on. He got that Felo sweatsuit on with the Felo. He got them rings on them, nugget rings and all that shit. And he pull up to the neighborhood, he's pulling up to our black communities to deal with the most beautifulest girl in our neighborhood. And when he pull up to get her as he opening the car door and she getting in the car door, You know who's speaking to him. Ms. Johnson, Ms. Brown, Ms. Green. They go, Hey baby. But at the same time, you seeing Mr.


John come back from work, he's a plumber or dirty and nobody's speaking to him. I'm sitting on the step watching all it take place. So I said damn, I gotta be a part of this. In the black community, the women dictate who the man wanna grow up to be based off of who they date. That's real. So I'm looking at it like I'm only seeing these girls, they dealers and dudes that got nice cars. I gotta get me some nice cars to get me some ass. Oh I gotta get some, I gotta get some jewelry, I gotta get some, I gotta get fly. That's what it was about. And and the way you saw the get fly was that the only people I the respect they only respected the criminals in the game. That's right. Money and violence. Listen, do you go ask any judges, lawyers, prosecutors and all that? What's your favorite movies? Godfathers. What's your favorite series? The Sopranos, everything gonna be, they love the successful criminals. So I grew up to try to be that but as I grew old, I took responsibility.


Say, oh yeah, I'm almost, I did wrong. You never heard me say it was no I wasn't in jail for some that magically did or because of the white man, I was in jail because I wanted to get busy. And I did what I did. To your point about women shaping everything, you talk a lot about black women and Latino women and how you staff your team with women. Can you talk like why that's important and how that's helped you along your journey as you like build Your shout out to my manager, been this partner of Desiree Ivy. Shout out to Annemarie. Shout out to Sham Lawson, my attorney. These women lemme explain something to you about these women. They get done. That's right. They not playing games at all. I don't know what it is about. No. That get them going crazy. They lose they mind about no. I'll be like, damn, what happened? Somebody told me no today. What, what's going on? Don't worry about it. Mind you, business, I get to the bottom.


I'll tell you when I get it done, they move different and You know what You know what's going on. I just wanna say this and a lot of these companies in America, they be playing games and a lot of times people don't see 'em because they be in the shadows. But when it comes to our culture, black women running, absolutely. I'm talking about from not just from the consumer side, not just from the the marketing side, but from the the boardrooms. The sisters. I went to the boardroom of Rich Clay Company with sisters running there. Sisters running everywhere. That's right. Like I don't think you gonna get something all If. you ain't got no sisters in that, in that fold. Every single entity I got a black woman runs. Shout out to all the dolly. Dolly. Dolly's a monster. She's no joke. Nicole, shout out to all the sisters out there that's doing it. Going up against all the bull, all the racism in these companies.


Y'all, y'all going to hr. HR is playing games with y'all. They they, they trying to weed y'all out because soon as the sister get up and she stand up for herself, oh she's being a everybody play victim. Soon as her sister speak up for herself. These people being these corporations, throwing all these rocks. As soon as her sister say, oh I'm not going for that. Oh my god, she's being aggressive. Oh my God I'm scared. Lock the door. Get that. That's ka because her sister stepped up for herself. One thing about a black woman, I don't care who she's not dealing with. No. Why you think we scared of him? That's right. But I just wanna shout out to everybody out there that's doing their thing. And. I need to say this to you. I don't care. If, you got a water, ice stand, you got a T-shirt company, you got a a putting a tape out music, you doing art, you won Yes. Away. That's right from The. World changing. Stop looking on Instagram and thinking everybody's beating you and you running late and you ain't enough.


And I wanna say something to the sisters out there? You are enough. Don't never let nobody finess you and tell you that you gotta be this and you gotta have this. You gotta wear this. You gotta go here. You gotta take live your life. Do you in every way possible. And to them young brothers out there, y'all kings, y'all ain't slaves. What y'all gotta do is y'all gotta understand y'all the most fearless group of young men ever on the history of life. This generation right now that's right is the most fearless black men ever. Y'all do not give off. Just imagine if y'all switch that up, right? Imagine what you could do when you go, when you say You. know what? I don't wanna be a drug dealer. I wanna be a businessman. I don't want be a killer. I wanna be a healer. I wanna be a giver. I'm saying it could change. And to my young brothers in the rap community, stay away from them drugs man.


And this coming from a man that never did a drug a day in his life. I never did it because I had to watch my homies. I had to make sure they get home at night and my homies smoke You know they, they didn't smoke. PCP did all that type of shit. You know to snort a little Coke You know did a little bit of little they but I always watched And. I said that ain't for me. And I don't know who told you this. If, you feel as though you're going through somebody. You find somebody to talk to, get a therapist. Go to therapy man. Get a therapist. Stop trying to self-medicate yourself 'cause you don't know what you're doing. And I'm gonna tell you something brothers, when you hit the town, you young brothers and I'm gonna be real with you. Everybody is trying they way to get some drugs to you. And you don't know if everybody drugs is drugs. I'm just being straight up. I don't know You. know what I mean? I'm just saying you got all these people making fake this, fake this. You don't know what you're taking. And when you get that money, young brothers stay out of don't stay off them handcuffs man.


Please, please man, don't disrespect your blessing 'cause God ain't gonna keep blessing you man. You think God listen, God gotta work with billions of people. You think God will just keep coming around blessing you. God ain't gonna keep blessing you Take advantage of these blessings. Keep doing your thing and just know anytime you see UNC stop me, I'm gonna say something to you. I'm gonna tell you what's going on. And a lot of y'all know, I reach out, I DM y'all, I talk to y'all regular man. Just notice you Kings notice you Queens and know that The World is waiting for all of us. Listen, armed with good intentions is out now man. Everybody go pick this book up from Wallow. We gotta make this a New York Times bestseller. Yes. You see it When today, tonight we gonna be at Uncle Bobby's in Philadelphia. Yes. Me and my man Wallo having more conversations about this. You gonna over Bobby's? Yes about this book Armed with good intentions man, make sure, sure we get you.


Stop you at my man spa. Make sure to give you them cheese steaks. You like them taste cheese steaks. I had some joints up there when I was there last time. Yeah, You know. Yeah you liked you. You was hungry too. The way you ate 'em said damn, we Oh no. Yeah the spa with that got like the salmon. Yeah. Yes. Taste, cheesecake, taste sl taste oxtail cheese steaks. Oh my God, you was going crazy. Nah, I like that type of stuff. Yeah, but You know and find your, find your way to support local businesses. That's right. We gotta make wallow a New York Times bestsellers. It's gonna, let's do it. I can't wait to see Wallow on Tamron and all that stuff. All but hold up. We gotta also If you out there If. you have any hair Kelly and companies DJ Envy is looking sponsor Wallo. Ladies gentlemen, you like to D his eyebrows and all that.


Ladies and gentlemen, goodbye Wallo. All my good intentions is out now pick it up. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren Osa news is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who with Lauren? Lauren LaRosa. And I got the mess. Talk to me Now real quick before I get into the Diddy, a hundred million dollar lawsuit that he was just found in that he's gonna have to award in default.


I wanna mention for Taylor Swift, this is what I was trying to find at the end of report. Find it You. know this is I important Taylor Swift. This is important because if celebrities are coming out and endorsing candidates, they should have a reason why. And she is encouraging people to vote early and she's encouraging young voters to get up and vote. Like these are people that normally would disconnect and were disconnected. I'm not mad for a very long time, not matter before Kamala got involved. So that's why I thought it was important. But I couldn't find it in her long caption. But I wanted to point that out. So now to Diddy. So there was a story that broke yesterday that Diddy was found in default of a hundred million dollars judgment to a guy named Derek Lee Cardello Smith, who was currently an inmate in Michigan.


And this inmate claimed that him and Diddy hung out back in the nineties in 1997 and that they were at a party in Detroit. They were drinking, smoking, all this stuff that he alleged. And he said that they had got naked at some point with some women and You know started doing whatever and then he felt a male hand on his left buttocks. And he sang that the hand was allegedly Diddy's hand. And because of that he sued Diddy for a ton of money. He knew it was Diddy's hand. That's What he said. Okay? According to him, allegedly, right? So he sued Diddy for a ton of money. Now it's unclear if the statute of limitations is up on the actual, like the assault stuff that he's claiming. But the judge didn't even address that because Diddy didn't show up to court.


So on Monday they went to court Monday of this week and Diddy was a no-show. So because of that there was a default judgment, which means by default he is now gonna be awarded that a hundred hundred million dollars that Diddy is going to be responsible Was Diddy serve a hundred million dollars? 'cause Diddy allegedly touched the Chick. Listen that he's gonna be responsible to serve. The judge was nice and she set up a payment schedule. She said Diddy could do You know 10 million per month starting October 1st. Now what? Listen, so the inmate card, he is, I'm sorry, Derrick Lee Cardello Smith is also claiming how long You been in prison do You know He has been in prison for? I do have that information. Gimme a Second. That that sounds weird that Diddy wasn't in court.


Diddy has a bunch of attorneys that I'm sure read the docket all the time to see if he's being sued and he would've had to serve Diddy. I'm gonna get into all of that. So found It way weirder. They was all naked together and he touched the cheek. But You know carry, honestly, he didn't serve these things. He just said it was a male hand. Those allegations don't even sound weird in 2024 anymore about Diddy. Not that I know that they're true or not, but they just, that's the narrative right now. That's true. Fair point. So he's the Cardell Smith is a convicted felon and sexual predator. This is according to Diddy's attorney Mark Aglio. He says he's been sentenced on 14 counts of sexual assault and kidnapping over the last 26 years. So how many over on 14 counts of sexual assault and kidnapping over the last 26 years.


Diddy's attorney continues to say that Cardell Smith's resume now includes committing fraud on the court from prison as Mr. Combs has never heard of him, let alone been, let alone been served with any lawsuit. Mr. Combs looks forward to having this judgment swiftly dismissed. Now there is a zoom from the court hearing where you do see Mr. Cardello Smith You know laying out his case to the judge and all that stuff. So He has no lawyer? No, he he he's there by himself. Oh, he's his Own Attorney? Yes. And the judge says, because he goes into all these details and she's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, I didn't need all that. Like he's claiming a lot of stuff on the Zoom and she says, well you're not an attorney. So I I know that you didn't know that, but this is just for me to talk about what the judgment will be.


Now another thing sounds crazy. Yeah, right. It it really does. And I actually reached out and received a statement as well. And I. I'm, I'm trying to right now go back and forth to kind of just understand how something like this gets missed because Diddy has been all over the news this past like what, six, seven months with City has several lawsuits. Attorneys Yes. And normally there're on there are online filing systems. I I did find an m file for Michigan but also You know I'm not an attorney either. So They could have all like been one big blur to the attorneys. No, I'm trying to clarify that now. Like, like that, that's what I'm trying to clarify right now. Naked men From the powers that be Men touching cheeks, like it all kind of can sound the same. Not when is a hundred million dollars.


But but they didn't know that till after the fact. That's They did. They would. So you was su them. But You know sometimes Civilly sold 'em. When you put in a civil suit, sometimes you may not say a number, you might just say that you wanna be exactly like you wanna receive damages and then as things go forward you figure out what that number is. So I didn't look at the original filing, so I don't know originally how much damages he asked for in the beginning or whatever. I just know what he was awarded. Very important though that Didi's attorney is saying, of course they're going to be moving forward to file for this to be dismissed. Of course. So we'll be You know the payments are supposed to start October 1st so we'll be, it's not gonna happen. They're gonna keeping up on that. And did they say they served Diddy? So on the Zoom call, the judge does say that she has a receipt that Diddy was served.


But wow, Diddy's attorney is saying that did not happen. Like he's saying, we don't know this guy. This is fraud. If you pulled it wasn't his, his hand. He's never served. I don't listen. It could have just been a manly hand. He got something that we all right him and Manly hands. Maybe he's a little confused. It's just lot going on. Y'all okay? Continue on. You almost choked on your drink. I did Charmon. You okay? What was it for you? Manley hens. Oh no, I had a little cramp. Okay. Oh, all right. So almost checked. Choked him. So moving on. Okay, Beyonce.


Beyonce. My girl covered GQ magazine. You guys know she just released her whiskey, sir Davis, which is named after, I believe it's her great-grandfather. Yes. And so she did a You know a spread with them where she talked all about being like business icon a mom. Like she really got in in depth with them. And you guys know this is all coming off of the heels of her being snubbed by the CMAs where she was not nominated whatsoever. What is so funny, I feel like I'm in school with like Second


hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available torn capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent forward wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From College to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A Woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice from nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current.


Here are episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen-free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids' Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart women's sports


Graders. Nothing. I'm about to make you go stand over there in that corner. We got work to do. Crazy. Are you, are You Tearing up? Rashan is a crazy guy, man. Now he's Rashan. Pretend you all we're listening. Oh my God. Teacher we're listening. Charlamagne go stand in the corner. I'm here. I'm glad I wasn't in school with this fool, but go ahead teach yo. So she's talking about, it's ironic that this comes out right after the CMAs because she's talking about all of the like You know just things that black people and her as a black woman in business has had to fight back against, which the CMAs and her, and I'm accepting her, has been a fight of hers. But she talked a lot about knowing that there will be controversy in when it comes to the music, but also with this whiskey.


Because a lot of people don't know that whiskey and black people date way back to like 200 years ago when a black man in Alabama created a whiskey. But more so with her music and the cma, she said that she's just happy that she was able to get black people in country music on a mainstream level where people are talking about it and artists like Buzi, Tanner Ade, Willie Jones, Britney Spencer, all these black artists in country music are now getting these co these mainstream media looks. So That's, that's why You know, even though she didn't get nominated for the CMAs, what she did with that album is bigger than that. Yes. Because she introduced all those artists and You know what else I read that GQ article yesterday. You know what else I liked about that article. What sister, even though she got her own whiskey, she big up Fawn Weaver and Uncle NRIs.


Yep. And talked about their history and talked about Uncle Nearest whiskey. She picked up the, the other person who's the founder too. I can't remember her name though. I don't, I don't, I don't have it here. Yes. But I liked also too, she talked a lot about like family and it it, it made me look at her as human. She talked about like, she doesn't do certain things when her kids are in school and they come to the office with her. It's kind of like how y'all talk about being like really busy dads. Yep. So that was like interesting to hear her take on too. 'cause she keeps her family life so private. She does. But yeah. So shout out to my girl b and a CMA. She stunting y'all. Okay. So she good. Alright, well thank you for that Jess. With the mess with Lauren. Lauren Roast now Charlamagne. Who you giving that down? Could you, Hey man, I'm just hearing to piss off Mag this morning. We need Dollar J Trump to come to the front of the congregation. We just have to have an honest conversation about what we saw last night.


Okay. And salute to all the conservatives, all the Republicans out there that, that are being honest about they, about what they saw last night. Okay? Okay. Alright. And then, and then when we come back, Tiffany Cross and Angela Ry will be taking your call so we can get on the phone calls. If, you wanna talk to debate last night? 805. 8 5 1 0 5. One donkey today of next week. You said something. I was just gonna say what was funny, Huh? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, you out. The. Breakfast Club America. America has a problem, Rage, overturned and taken black jazz. The Supreme Court has issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Justice. Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting.


It feels like Wake Country. Katrina doesn't love me. Charlamagne now is not the time to sit this one out. It's Time for Don The Day America is a big reality TV show On The, Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or a white president a problem figuring out we're hearing Premier Trump and you ain't black. It's enough. America has a problem. Come on Mag. Gather around. All right, donkey of today for Wednesday, September 11th goes to the former celebrity in chief of the United States of America. Donald J. Trump. We all watched the debate last night. If, you didn't, you missed a good time. Okay. Vice President Kamala Harris versus the former 45th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. And if you're being honest with yourself, doesn't matter If, you are a Democrat or Republican independent.


If you're just an honest person who calls things like it is, then you have to admit it was a complete and utter dog walk. Okay? I mean, an absolute flawless victory for Vice President Kamala Harris. It went exactly how I said it would go. When they was having a straight up debate exchanging policy If, you wanna say that she washed him all right. Simply because she knows what she's talking about and he doesn't. So he decided to talk outta turn, tried to over talk, threw a couple of insults, lied. You know the, the, the, the, the insults he did try to throw. They didn't land and he ended up looking like a madman. Okay? A devil damn lunatic. Look, when Trump and Biden debated after that debate, Democrats finally told the truth about their candidate in America. Okay, Maga it is time you tell the truth about yours.


Okay? I will never, for the life of me understand how or why Republicans just gave their party over the maga. But after last night, there has to be some type of bias remorse. I get it. Okay? In 20 16, 20 16, you bet on the right horse, okay, 2020, that horse didn't come through for you. Your gamble didn't pay off. But in 2024, why should have went with Nicki Haley, Chris Christie, maybe. But Donald J. Trump, the oldest candidate to ever run for president. He just doesn't have it anymore. Okay? He never really had it, but there was an entertainment factor to what he did. And even though he lies all the time, he always seemed more sincere about his lies than Democrats did. About they truth. He killed the language of politics, okay? Because of Donald J. Trump.


Politicians, if they choose to can speak freely, the language of politics is dead. And that's because of Donald J. Trump. But now, when he speaks freely, he just sounds incoherent. He does not have a grasp on policy. In fact, he told us last night that he doesn't even have a plan. He just has a concept of a plan. Listen, Obamacare was lousy, healthcare always was. It's not very good today. It's still never going to be great. And it's too expensive for people. And what we will do is we're looking at different plans. If we can come up with a plan that's gonna cost our people, our population less money and be better healthcare than Obamacare, then I would absolutely do it.


But until then, I'd run it as good as it can be run. So Just a yes or no, you still do not have a plan. I have concepts of a plan. I'm not president right now, but if we come up with something, I would only change it. If we come up with something that's better and less expensive and there are concepts and options, we, we have to do that. Wow. And you'll be hearing about it in the not too distant future For all my brothers out there who was having a summer fling with a woman and now it's getting cold. She's gonna be looking to develop something more serious, possibly if she wants to be in a relationship. And she asks you, what are we? Mm. Okay. When she asks you, do you want to be in a relationship? Tell her you don't have to be in a relationship, but you have a concept of a relationship that you potentially would like to be in.


See how that goes for you? Okay? Donald Trump in that moment should have just blamed Jay-Z for not having a plan. Okay, everybody else blaming Jay-Z for stuff this week. Pile on Trump. Listen, the vice president nailed it last night when she said Donald Trump looked weak and wrong. He literally fell for every single trap she laid out. See, folks is talking about how he sounded nuts when he started talking about Haitian migrants eating dogs. But Kamala laid the trap for him because she knew what to say to get in his head and disturb his fragile ego. Listen to the setup Then he's gonna talk about immigration a lot tonight, even when it's not the subject that is being raised. And I'm gonna actually do something really unusual. And, I'm gonna invite you to attend one of Donald Trump's rallies.


'cause it's a really interesting thing to watch. And what you will also notice is that people start leaving his rallies early out of exhaustion and boredom. Oh, she can't talk about that. People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics, what they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States in Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. I just wanna clarify here, you bring up Springfield, Ohio, and ABC News did reach out to the city manager there.


He told us there had been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals within the immigrant community. All this, Well, I've seen people on television. Let me just say here. This is the, The people on television say, my dog was taken and used the food. So maybe he said that. And maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager. Again, the Springfield city manager says, there's no evidence of that'll. Vice President Harris, I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard. I mean, you talk about extreme. Extreme is an understatement. That's why she laughed at the end, because she knew her plan at work. She was chuckling because she knew she just scored. She brings up that nobody is coming to your rallies, that people leave early because you be at the rally sounding crazy and you reply by sounding crazy.


Donald Trump don't even know how to be racist, right? Anymore. There was a time he would've blamed the pets being eaten on China, but he don't even have that kind of spark anymore. Okay? The vice president had him on the defensive all last night. The bully got bullied. He was bobbing and weaving, ducking. And when he did swing, he just didn't land much. Maga, you have to be honest with yourself, okay? When Nikki Helly said the first party to get rid of their 80-year-old candidate was gonna win this thing. And she was probably absolutely right. All right. There was no reason for you all to restart the Trump. The Trump train, okay? The man has a whole bunch of other things he should be dealing with like his criminal cases. But no. Now, last night was not an election. I'm fully aware, and I'm sure his base was not moved.


They will be there in November riding with Trump. But what about those undecided, those independent, those independents? Okay? Last night political reported that in the first hour of the debate, 71% of Kamala Harris's grassroots donors were women. 71% You know why? Because the vice president laid out simple and plain how Donald Trump is the person who appointed three Supreme Court judges who abolish Roe v. Wade, and how Trump takes full credit for the attack on women's reproductive rights. And Donald Trump's only defense to that was a lie. Let's listen. So the reason I'm doing that vote is because they have abortion in the ninth month. They even have, and you can look at the governor of West Virginia, the previous governor of West Virginia.


He said, the baby will be born and we will decide what to do with the baby. In other words, we'll execute the baby. And that's why I did that, because that predominates, because they're radical. The Democrats are radical in that. And her vice presidential pick, which I think is a horrible pick, by the way for our country, you got, but her vice presidential pick says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says, execution after birth, it's execution. No longer abortion because the baby is born is okay. And that's not okay with me. Each individual state is voting. It's the vote of the people now. It's not tied up in the federal government. I did a great service in doing it.


It took courage to do it. And the Supreme Court had great courage in doing it. And I give tremendous credit to those six justices. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after its born. Madam Vice President, wanna get your response to President Trump? Well, as I said, you're gonna hear a bunch of lies, and that's not actually a surprising fact. Hey man, can I tell y'all something? Tell us Donald Trump might be retarded. Okay? Stop using that word. Listen, I know retarded is considered offensive. You said it again, but in Webster's dictionary, retarded is an adjective. And one of the definitions of retarded is very stupid or foolish. If, you agree that Donald Trump is very stupid or foolish? Then guess what? What? He's retarded.


Okay? And, I want everyone saying that? Everyone on cable news should be talking about how Trump is incoherent. He does not have a grasp on policy. He doesn't have a plan. He has a concept of a plan. And maga some of y'all holding on for dear life. But remember If, you can't tell the truth about your guy then You're no better than those people who couldn't tell the truth about Biden. That's why, why? I was pleasantly surprised to see Republicans telling the truth about what we saw in that debate stage last night, Tim Miller of the Bulwark said he caught up with Lindsey Graham last night, and Lindsey Graham said this. I I asked several of the, of his surrogates like what they thought. And the number one question I asked him was, what did he think his best answer was tonight? And then I saw my old friend, Lindsey Graham You, know we used to be panels in 2016 when he was a jev endorser.


And we had a, we had a pretty heated exchange, I love to say, where he said, I should be ashamed of myself. And the feeling is kind of mutual. But after, after our argument about the state of affairs of politics, You know when, when we calmed down a little bit, he, he looked at me and he was just like, you are right about one thing. That was a disaster. He was unprepared. And we should fire the debate team. And I was like, oh, okay. Well that's, that's a And I. Think that's all you need to know about tonight. You know when you have your surrogate in the debate room saying you, you should fire the debate prep team. I think we know who won and who lost. Come on now. Old Lady Bug. Lindsey Graham telling the truth. Chris Christie Republican said the vice president was exquisitely well prepared.


She laid traps and he chased every rabbit down every hole. And he also said, whoever prepared Donald Trump should be fired. He was not good tonight at all. They just telling the truth. Brit Hume, a conservative pundit on Fox News, he was on Fox News with Hann last night and he said, this Maga listen, Make no mistake about it. Trump had a bad night. He rose the debate repeatedly when she baited him something And, I'm sure his advisors had begged him not to do. And we heard so many of the old grievances that, that we'd long thought that Trump had learned were not winners politically. And there they all were You know, talking about how he didn't lose the election and all that. I mean, so I, my sense is that she came out of this in pretty good shape. Now, how long this will last and, and is, is, is anybody's guess, but for, for tonight at least, this was pretty much her night.


You're saying she had a good night. I'm saying she certainly did. That was on Fox News. That was Brit Hume, a conservative pundit on Fox News at some point last night. Trump should have just reminded people that he pardoned Lil Wayne. And he should have said the vice president is the reason Lil Wayne isn't performing at the Super Bowl. That's the only thing that could work because it was a complete shutout flawless victory. Madame Vice president was completely and totally herself and Trump couldn't do nothing with her. Okay? The debate, the debate was a complete and total dog walk. And I, don't care what your leader says. The dog that got walked is not edible. Please let KA Griffin give Donald Trump the biggest hee-haw. Please Give this giant jar of mail the biggest He haw If he had got up there and just did a, here's the rundown, what should have happened at the Super Bowl?


'cause I parted him. That probably would've All if he would've said, I'm a pardon thug. Soon as I get in first day office. Hmm. You know. No. All right, well thank you for that dokey day. Now when we come back, we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Let's talk about the debate last night. Tiffany Cross and Angela Rod will be joining us. So they'll be breaking it down as well. So don't be MAGA Club, it's your time. Time to shine you stupid. Come on. The Breakfast Club. Steady Call my phone, call out it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got some special guests with us this morning. We have Angela Rye and Tiffany Cross here and we're gonna talk to debate. So before we get started, what did you guys think about the debate last night? Ooh, I was so happy with Kamala Harris's performance. In part because her non-verbals were on point. Yes. I felt like every time she couldn't verbally respond to him, who I think probably talked over her three to one, absolutely did not follow the rules. I was super frustrated with the moderators who did not enforce the rules against Donald Trump. And then the moment she tried to tap in and say away Cut her own And, I was mad about that too.


That was Nuts. So I really didn't like that. But I will say, I believe Lindsay Davis did a great job. Their questions were substantive. I hate David Muir bringing back up the You said she wasn't black. I just thought it wasn't the right stage. Yeah, I, I noticed that this morning during front page news when Morgan was playing some of the audio. You were getting frustrated at that time. You upset? Yeah. Yeah. And I think part of it is this e Every time that we bring up Donald Trump, I think that we have an obligation to say what is fact versus fiction. And. I just want to be very careful that just because he talked more, just because when he's at the bully pulpit, he says a lot of things. It doesn't make it so, so I think we have an obligation. It's very dangerous. I'm someone who's been on the other end of a death threat, like because of Donald Trump. So you gotta fact check that stuff.


It's not okay to just play it and let people think whatever they may. Now you have a responsibility. Republicans was saying it was a three verse one. What, what did you guys feel about that? No, I mean, Republicans are gonna come out and say anything. He has such a low bar. And. I. Just because it was brought up. I just wanna do a little fact checking about the eating dogs comment. It was an incredibly racist comment by Senator JD Vance and also inaccurate. The Haitian population has, it's been an influx of the Haitian population in Springfield. They actually breathe life back into that very sleepy town. They've revitalized the economy there. They're not here illegally, they're not in Springfield illegally. They're here under something called TPS Temporary protected status because of the earthquake that happened in Haiti and all kind of political turmoil.


So baa all the Haitians out there, because the country of Haiti is so important. It was the only country that led a revolt. They said, we will not be colonized. And I think it just means something so much to black people. So to insinuate something completely false and racist and it, it traffics and tropes about the Haitian population. I thought it was disgusting. And I didn't even think that moderators did a great fact check there. Yeah, back to Vice President Harris. It was Disgusting. But it was great to hear him say on the stage last night. 'cause he sounded insane. He that You know. So Angela, we were, you wanted him to sound insane. Yes. Angela And I. We were kind of of disagreeing about that. 'cause she was like, no, let her talk And. I was like, You know what? Every time he opens his mouth, it helps her. But it, it is very American to have this incredibly accomplished woman on stage, on equal footing to this half-ass, half witted, asinine man who, God, not one, not to, but three baby mamas who is an indicted criminal.


An unnamed co-conspirator in, in a crime. Right? So it just looked disproportionate. You know He looked incredibly small and beneath her. The sad fact is we've always known that and 75 million Americans voted for him. And I don't think he moved anybody from his base last night because there are a great group of people who would rather see this country burn to the ground than to see a black woman run it. It was a clear choice last night. It was great to not, Angela, I also disagree on the audience. I'm happy there's no audience there. This is your chance to give your platform presented to the American people and let the American people make an intelligent choice. It's not a pep, I don't wanna hear Cheers. Cheers. Anything like agree.


Yeah. So I I felt like a sorority party. Right, but that Would've, that would've, that would've benefited Trump. Exactly. I don't think so. Absolutely. I don't think so. I think that, I think that we misunderstand how much Kamala Harris also feeds off of audience energy. You see some of that at the rallies. I it was, I think it was fine. Like I thought it was gonna be more before the debate. We talked about it on our podcast Native Land pod by the way. But what I feel is that she, like she zoned in, she talked right to the American people. It really was of no consequence. And she demonstrated the difference between what a leader is and what a full leader. Lemme ask a question. Anything you would've done different If. you were her Sorry, I was gonna ask one question. The fact that he did not have a plan ready and he's been, he has a concept of plan.


Plan a plan. Leave him alone. What, what did you guys think about that? Where You know Kamala Harris said she had a plan. Yeah. And he says, I have a concept of a plan. He does have a plan. He tries to distance himself from project 2025. But the fact of the matter is hundreds of his staffers work on it. Hundreds of his staffers drafted it. And he is closely affiliated with the, these are people he still talks to on a regular basis. He only distanced himself after it was unearthed after people in the media started talking about it. But trust me, if if his staff is writing it, he's guiding their hand. So he has a plan and also he has a record to stand on. I thought Kamala Harris did. Vice President Harris did a great job of laying that out last night of, of detailing the things that he did during his four years in, in the administration.


That is also part of the reason, just to echo Angela's point, when we present facts and information as journalists, you have to in real time, fact check everything this man says. 'cause the sad reality, people are not reading the papers anymore. No, people are not consuming news and information. So many people are getting there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them boys. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a Woman fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed In a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife and aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids' Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports News


from TikTok and Instagram. And I would just beg everybody have some intellectual curiosity. She put her policy platform up on her website. You can read it, you can go to her website and see it. You can also Google it from reputable news sources and look at it and see how it impacts you and what it does for you and not hear things that are disproportionately in his favor. I think the news media is just begging him to get back in office. He, he Spoke about Project 2025 last night, the way he did Charlottesville. 'cause he said that there's probably some good, he said, I've never read it, but there's probably some good things in there and there's probably some bad things in. That's Exactly what he did. And that's the thing too that I think we all have to remember. I wish that she would've hit him. I told IFF and Andrew this last night on the show that I wish that she would've hit him when he said, I have a concept of a plan to say, oh no, you have a plan.


It's called Project 2025. And put that right at his feet. I think him taking time to say her and she, and never looking at her, never saying Kamala Harris, never saying Vice President Harris or Madame Vice President was very telling And I think that was probably the only thing that he won out of his debate. Prep to dehumanize her. And I. Think he went above and beyond to do just that yesterday. What about the very beginning when she walked on stage, very in, in shape. She looked very presidential. She did. She looked very, I'ma come shake. She pressed him and she, he looked like he was running. She Even run up or done up. It was on Site. What was your thoughts on that she looked like to gimme a hug person? Well, If, you remember back when he was on stage with Hillary Clinton, he was incredibly inappropriate.


He was invading her space. He was walking behind her. I think it was great that she commanded the stage. She showed she's an adult. One of the things we talked about last night is she is not only on that debate stage speaking to him, the moderators are the American people. She is on a global stage speaking to other world leaders. And so she has to present herself like an adult in the face of a petulant child. And I thought going out there, think let's have a good debate. And going back to her stage, he was afraid to approach her. He was afraid to look at her. I think he has a, a fear of black women. And I've talked about him 'cause he's talked about how attractive she looked on the cover of Time Magazine. He said, oh, And I thought she was younger. Turns out she's 60. We age a little different as black women as he'll Find out, he just inc invoked a war with every AKA across the town talking about she was at a sorority party.


So I think thought that she made herself look extremely presidential and he looked fearful and small. Go the close. Let's take calls when we come back. Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you have questions for Angela Rod, Tiffany Cross. They are here. Let's discuss this. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosas filling in for Jess. And we have Angela and Tiffany Cross here and a lot of people on the line wanna talk about the debate. So yay. Let's go to the phone calls. Hello, who's this? Yo, This is Robbie man from Columbus, Ohio. Robbie from Ohio. What's your question, brother? My question is, I want to know what is the process of the debate? Like how do they get these people together to sit down and have these conversations like this where, in my opinion, very little of what they going do for the country is spoken of.


It's more of like, of a going back and forth tack battle type deal. I do agree with some people said that I kind of agree with, they felt there wasn't enough policy conversation. I think, I think Kamala spoke to the future. I was Detailed the plan. I, I think that she did talk about an immigration and border security plan. She talked about her plan to codify Roe versus Wade and how important it's to strengthen the protections in Roe versus wage. She talked about Opportunity economy Trade. She did talk about opportunity economy. She talked about her small business agenda and the importance of small businesses to the fabric of this country. Home ownership, home Owner, home ownership. She talked home owner, I mean she talked, Jimmy Gave numbers, gave Detailed policy plans. And this goes back to our point right about running those Donald Trump, Trump those Donald Trump clips.


Yes, that too. Donald Trump clips. When you run those clips, you don't hear substance. You hear a rambling elder. And that's not who Kamala Harris should be judged by. 'cause that's not what she spoke to. So I actually think it's very different when you don't have in a debate, is the ability to force someone to answer the question as asked. Right? He was asked substantive questions. He chose to wallow in the shallow, which that's all he can do. And to answer your question, there's a debate commission that works with, with both candidates. You have to reach a certain stature or numbers as a candidate to participate 15, 15%. And they work with both candidate and they agree on the rules and they also both agree on the network.


To Eric, We have Eric on the line. Eric, good morning. Good morning. Good morning everybody. Peace. Eric, what's your question? I watched the debate. And I felt that they brought up that day movement. What's his moment? What you mean what was his moment? I'm asking what was the moment? What did he land? You Just said he had a moment. What was, What did you like that Donald Trump said, bro, when He was in office, was there war? Was there war in Ukraine? No. Alright. So did he, he was telling the truth or that What's fine? There was no war in Ukraine because Putin had not tried to annex Crimea at that point. That has nothing to do with the president of the United States. Right. But he, but Trump was saying that would, that's why Trump was saying he never, he, he Trump said he always wanted to go in Ukraine, but he knew better because he was in off, because he was So you're suggesting that that Putin bowed down to Trump?


No, I'm not saying he bowed down. But there wasn't no war though. Okay. You Biden came in. There was a war. So are you suggesting that the war is Biden's fault? No, he's just saying that. No, that's not what I'm saying. He's saying The, World perceives us as weak because of Biden and because of Harrison. That's why they decided to go into Ukraine. That Trump, Trump, Trump. That's, I'm okay. What Are you saying? I'm trying to get to the point that Donald Trump had a moment specifically at the debate too. Yeah, go ahead Bro. He had it, he had his moments because some of the stuff that he did, he was telling the truth. Like what specifically? What policy specifically? This ain't working out for. Nah, we tried to give you a platform to say something. But you don't seem like You know what you're talking about, brother. You letting MAGA down Eric.


Yeah, he definitely let MAGA down. So in closing, how did you feel about the debate? What do you think could have been better? What do you think that Kamala Harris could have did better? What do you, what did you wanna see more of? I'm somebody that believes in getting in in someone's head. And Donald Trump has shown what he, what you can get in his head about the size of his rallies and talking. So she, there were a couple moments where he was like, quiet please. And when he said, quiet please. We couldn't hear her, but he could hear her. So I wish that she would've spoke to it spoke a lot more when he was saying like, you're lying. You know you're lying. Just to get in his head. I, but I think she really had a flawless performance. I, again, I would've liked to see the moderators enforce the rules a little more fairly and for him to shut up. But that's a tall order. Tiffany, I would've liked the debate moderators to enforce the rules a lot more strongly than they did And I would've liked her to get some more zingers in.


I think there were times where there were good times where she was telling a narrative, which I thought was great, but there were times where he would say something and she could just right off the top You know, say something. I think Angela And I talk about this. I keep a bullet in the chamber, so I'm always ready to go with some slick ass like insulting comment And I, every time she was saying something, I wanted to just jump in and say something smart, because like I said, or like Angela said, I would throw him off his game. But, but, but overall she, she did a a great job. Absolutely. All right, well thank you guys for joining us and make sure you subscribe to the Native Lamb Podcast, Native Lamb pod. You should know that in fact, Or the Native Lamb Pod with Angela Ride Tiffany Cross and Andrew Gillum on Reason Choice Media iHeart. That's right. And when we come back, we have Jess with the Mess with Laura LaRosa. So don't move us. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody.


We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lie. Don't do, she don't spell nobody worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. All righty guys. So the story broke that Tory Lanes got his recording equipment seized while in prison. He had released prison tapes and then they came in and took all of his stuff. So Tori actually spoke out for himself yesterday. He posted a statement that said the rumors are true, the prison tapes will be discontinued until further notice.


However, I think it's important that my fans know the truth about the crooked things. He didn't say that I'm just being nice about what he said that are really going on here. So what he's saying is that his cell wasn't rated and trashed because he learned how to record himself in prison. But he's saying that this happened because prison tapes, he was actually using the proceeds from that, like the royalties he was getting off of the music to help other prison inmates in a life changing way. He says that he was helping them get legal representation and giving them a once in a lifetime time chance to go home to their families because a lot of them were able to appeal and be re-sentenced. And he says that the higher up the higher ups have stopped the present dates temporal temporarily.


But they were too late to stop his overall plan since the month of July. Tori says that he's afforded legal representation for 472 inmates and actively reopened 476 cases with the help of the legal firm he works with Unite the people. So many inmates will be returned to their families and loved ones. I'm naming this the Hens of God project. He says lastly, they know I'm a threat and they don't want me saying or doing any of this. So if anything happens to me, just know I went out in a blaze of glory trying to revolutionize the end of a mass incarceration era on our people. Now we spoke to a source and we got an exclusive shout out to Brown Guard grinding exclusives during just with the mess. And we had a question about what was the actual equipment, 'cause that's been in question.


They told us that it was actually an iPad. The iPad was the iPad that Tory was given by the prison. When he came in, he had a small mic. We were also told that he actually did have permission to use these things when he was first, like when all this first started. And then everything changed. They said that the prison was so on board, and this is according to the source, that in the beginning they actually warned him about different rules and regulations around using the equipment so that he wouldn't get himself in trouble and wouldn't get another charge. And then all of that changed. I also wanted to know how much music hit recorded that we may never hear. Right. And they told me that there were at least 20 or so songs is what they told us that had already been recorded that we may not hear because it's on the equipment.


So yeah. Now earlier in the reports that we do here, I told you guys that Taylor Swift, oh boy, endorsing Kamala Harris was a big thing. Now Donald Trump, he's up early. He's addict. He is speaking out about how he feels about Taylor Swift endorsing Kamala Harris tickles. Well, I actually like Mrs. I actually like Mrs. Mahomes much better. If. you want to know the truth? She's a, she's a big Trump fan. I was not a Taylor Swift fan. It was just a question of time. She couldn't, you couldn't possibly endorse Biden. You look at Biden, you couldn't possibly endorse it. But she's a very liberal person.


She seems to always endorse a Democrat and she'll prob probably pay a price for it at the, in the marketplace. But no, I I like Brittany. I think Brittany's great. Brittany, we've got a lot of news last week. She's a big, she's a big MAGA fan. That's the one I like much better than Taylor Swift. So the, the, the, the big news that he's talking about with Brittany is like about a week ago. So you guys know when Taylor Swift goes to these games, she's always in the mahome suite hanging with the family, all that stuff. She was last week, right? So people noticed that last week that there was some distance between her and the people she normally hangs with when she goes to the games inclu, including Brittany Mahomes. And this was a big thing because about a week ago, Brittany Mahomes drew a lot of criticism because she appear, she apparently liked a Trump Instagram post outlining his party's 2024 platform.


So Is she really Maga Brittany Mahomes? She responded to the criticism later and saying, I mean, honestly, to be a hater as an adult, you have to be some deep, you have to have some deep rooted issues you refuse to heal from as a child. There's no reason your brain is fully developed and you hate to see others doing well. What's she talking about? I think she just, people because people were dragging her like they was Coming for her. They her they were going In on her. They were Coming from her. Is half of Patrick Mahomes Maca? Listen, I don't, I don't know, I Don't think he stated who he's riding with or policies or Anything like that. Yeah, but You know Trump leaned into it. Like he half, Both. Both. Well, Trump, Trump is, if it's a matter of ideas, Trump already came out and, and, and thanked them for their support.


So he's thinking I guess half of them because he, I don't know. Gotcha. Yeah. So that's that whole thing. But in sad news, very sad news this morning, I, I saw this and, and it's now been confirmed in a statement from the family of Frankie Beverly that he has passed away at age 72. That's young. I believe that Is young. Yes. 72 is This song the biggest song in our culture. Before I let go, you can Just be saying things I'm just asking before I let go Before I let Go is a huge song Though. It is. It's up there. But you, we just, we all asking, I'm disrespect this mean on his Past. First of all, first of all, I'm not disrespecting Frankie Beverly on his passing, but we always do this when somebody passes. No, when somebody passes, now all of a sudden we wanna say that they were the biggest thing in the culture song.


In the culture song. No, I think, I think it's up there. What song? What song is it's a Negro spiritual. It is, it is one of many Negro spirituals. I don't think that any song could ever be the biggest in any culture. Not any one song. There's not one song that can be the biggest in any culture that's top three And I, I would think in our culture, Bro, you ain't never allowed What you looking at? He looked like one of the members of By He got scared. He got scared. Yeah, because stop playing with them. Stop Playing with them. Okay. That that who, that Old man? Yeah. Stop. What that, that song debut on the chart set number 13, Frankie Beverly wrote, produced the song Beyonce redid the song.


Yes. But here's the thing about before I let go, when we was younger, we used to call it the club closing song. That was the song that you used to hear before the club was closed. Right? And then as we got older, I feel like we started to appreciate it started the party song even more, especially HBCUs. And last year I finally realized what the song was even about. What was it about? Because, and by the way, I think it's he's breakup song. I think he's 77 too. Not 72, but go ahead. It's a breakup song. It's a breakup song. Yo, we be so lit in the club. He be dancing like it's a it's it's a rejuvenating song. Exactly. Me? Yeah. No, he said you made me happy. Oh, you made me, he's talking in past tense. Oh, before I let you go, before I let you go, before you one show together, Before you continue these lyrics, is it like a toxic breakup?


Is he like planner? I mean, If, you listen to it, it kind of is. You made me happy that you can be, you stood right beside me. And I won't forget. This is And I really love you. You should know. I wanna make sure I'm right, girl, before I let you go, go Wait. She still like you wanna hit? She sound like you wanna hit one more time. Oh, you stupid. Can we, can we get it on before we get up outta here? One time said, he said, now we've had our good time. That's what they say. She was A good woman. We writing each other girl this As shit. It just feels so good though. Turn it. Come on. Turn it up. Hello. Alright. Right. If you up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. It is, it is a, it is a Negro spiritual. I don't know where it ranks, but you just can't say it's up there. I don't know what, I don't know. I Don't think there is one big it reminds of every BET movie. It reminds you of every family reunion. Every every family. Because I got If you buck on the same level. HBC homecoming. This is big. This is nothing. I got nothing If you buck on.


Same. Can't wait from home coming season. All That's just with the mess. For Laura, Lars, The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning y Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren OSI is filling in for Jess. We got a salute Wallo for joining us this morning. Salute to the Good Brother Wallo. Make sure you go pick up Armed With Good Intentions. It's in bookstores right now in Philly. I will be there tonight at 7:00 PM at Uncle Bobby's having a conversation with Wallow about his new book, man slu, all the studs in Philly You know I love y'all. I wanna see y'all tonight. Pull up in your black Allen Iveson jerseys. Okay, pull up in your jail. Your, your, your hertz jerseys. Okay, I can't wait to see all my studies tonight. Jesus Christ, uncle Bobby 7:00 PM me and Wallo.


All right. And also we gotta salute Angela Ryan and Tiffany Cross for joining us this morning as well. That's right. Make sure you subscribe to the Native Lamb pod and also I wanna salute Miss Pat, man. Salute to you, miss Pat. Ms. Pat has three gigs coming up that she wants people to know about September 13th. She'll be at the Paramount Theater in Denver, Colorado. September 20th, she'll be in my birthplace. Okay. To eight four three Charleston, South Carolina at the Charleston Music Hall. And in September 21st you'll be in Bih Birmingham, Alabama at Lyric Theater. Okay, so go check out the good sister, miss, miss Pat You. know she always puts on a big, big, big, big show. Why you gotta say big? Yeah. Why that? I wish Miss Pat was here right now so you wouldn't even been that loud. What you mean? I love Miss Pat.


Pat talk heavy. All right. Everything ain't big with Miss Pat. Right? You ain't gotta say heavy and big and all that. Whatcha talking about? She talks heavy. My goodness. Ms. Pat, I love you. I love you too, Ms. Pat. Jesus. All right You. know what I'm saying? Keep doing it big. Now we got a positive note. Yes, man. I want to tell y'all I've been having a lot of conversations this week about success and telling y'all about success. And I just want to tell y'all today that success is not the absence of failure. I need you to know that. Listen to me. 'cause a lot of you people out there, y'all be watching everybody's highlight reel on social media and thinking everything gotta be perfect and nobody takes no Ls. Success is not the absence of failure. It's persistence through failure. Have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches.


You, I'm Finish or y'all done?


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days in less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that, then You know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Raso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.