
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy Chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects, or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows, and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv. Scream now. Pay never.


Okay. Have you heard about this? Last year, the Green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning. SA yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. Good Morning, Jess. How you feeling? I feel good. Okay. I'm sorry. This morning I wanna say I'm you, you're Not sorry this, this morning. Whatcha doing? Yo, I'm walking across the street, right? Coming to work like I do each and every morning. And I see this truck approaching me and I'm like, oh, that's Jess. The truck doesn't slow down. I'm like, she's gonna slow down.


I did. And then she pushed together. I said, Wow, Jess try to take me out this Morning. He was already out the way. I Wasn't got out the way He was and he was working for security. So I know I would hit the security before I hit him. So envy was protected all around the board. You know, ain't Nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong with way. Sometimes you, you gotta let your bump and hit somebody beige every now and then. Jesus. Nothing crazy. Yo, Him and the security beige, I'm like, oh My gosh. But no, that security's white. Yeah, he de right. But I can see how early in the morning when the sun is just rising. They both look Caucasian. I get it. I Said, Jesus. That's What I did. The justice Morning. Sorry, she tried to take me out. Sorry. She said you wouldn't have hurt that much. It was just a little bu All right. And I also want to tell all my Latino brothers and sisters out there slu to all my Latino brothers and sisters.


Latino men don't call other men. Poppy Cholo don't do that. Nobody Does that. Why? Do you even know what that means? Yes, I do. It means handsome men. Our cute, cute daddy, right? Yes. Cute. Daddy, why you don't like to be called poppy cholo? Ain't no not no need to be calling me Poppy Cholo. See, everybody wanna be gay until it's time to, Until it's time to get gay. Saute to my guy though. Salute to my guy. When he told me pop, he said, he said, have a good day. Poppy Cholo with a bunch of olds in the text. I'm like, wow. Oh, so he has your number? That's my guy. I'm not gonna say his name. No, but that's my guy. Okay. You Like for people to call you Kingpin? No, I never. Yes, You did. One of your home boys was like, you know how you texted me like where you get This from? You sent me a screenshot the other day and it was like, you was like Peace King. He was like, peace kingpin.


I was like, oh the hell. I think this is what I think happened. Hmm. Daredevil. Season two is out. Daredevil born again on Netflix. The big villain on Dead Devil name is Kingpin. I think that be Gay meant Until it's time be gay. But ain't nothing Wrong with being little gay. Don't see much explaining. She Wish reason for nobody to be calling nobody Kingpin. I really think that he meant to put King, but it just came kingpin. 'cause we both watched Dead Devil. He liked The Haney. Haney corrected. He was like, Hey King Pen. But Latino men stop calling other men. Poppy too low. Poppi too low. I Don't like that you play like you wanna play G or play Gay and The way you be up here talking about, so yo. Yeah. Yeah. Yo. They probably like that gag reflexes on Point. Wow. Well at least I'm just playing. NB ain't playing all.


Nope. I'm not even in this. Don't even put me in it. I Know it's about About what somebody put you. Nope, nobody Put nothing to me, sir. Oh, okay. Alright. Poppy Cholo. Hey Poppy Cholo. Y'all a lie. You poppy. Poppy. Cholo in is nasty Poppy. Cholo was nasty. Y'all Poppy Cholo in Huh? Two cute daddies And Hump Day. Right. Alright, well comedian just Niche will be joining us this morning. She has a new comedy special self served. She shot this all herself. Yes. Majority of it on her cell phone. Yes. And majority of it is Selfie stylist out now on Prime Video. Nisha's been up here before. Yes, she has. Yes. So we gonna kick it with just n All right, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news when we come back. Today is the day they talking about that real ID thing. So if you don't have a real idea, expect to take a little extra time in the airports.


You might get a little more screening and they're saying Carry a passport with You all, all just to be delayed. Yes. Crazy. And probably not take off. That's crazy. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's the ej NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now. Last night the Warriors beat the Tim Tim Wolves. 99 88. But Steph Curry got injured. He had a, I believe a hamstring strain. So they're not sure if he's gonna be able to play in game two. And last night also the Pacers beat the Cavaliers 1 21 19. What a game. The Pacers lead the series two. Nothing. Now the Celtics and Next step play tonight and the nuggets and OKC play tonight. What up Morgan? Hey Y Hey, good morning.


How y'all locks girl? He called them dreads. Tell him call them locks. Sorry. And I dread locks. Yeah, I was trying to put it in a ponytail or bun. I don't know. It's just doing what it wants to do. But let's get into front page news. Alright, so the newly elected Canadian Prime Minister is telling President Trump, his country is not for sale. So while in the Oval Office yesterday with Prime Minister Mark Carney, Trump floated the idea again that Canada could become the first 51st state. Now he said he would lead, it would lead to lower taxes and a free military for the Canadian people. And Carney said no sale. But he added that. The real deal is in the partnership with the US saying that they, it's things are always better when we work together. Let's take a listen to their exchange.


Emini here. I believe it would be a massive tax cut for the Canadian citizens. You get free military, you get tremendous medical cares and other things. There'll be a lot of advantages. Having met with the owners of Canada over the course of the campaign last several months, it it, it's not for sale. Won't be for sale Ever, Ever. So Trump says, the US and Canada joined without a border looks great on a map. Also, during that meeting, president Trump couldn't help but mention President Obama. He talked about President Obama's presidential center that is being built in Chicago. Let's take a listen to those comments.


President Obama. And if he, if I, if he wanted help, I'd give him help. 'cause I'm a really good builder And I build on time, on budget. He's building his library in Chicago. It's a disaster. And he said something to the effect, I only want DEII only want woke. He wants woke people to build it. Well, he got woke people and they have massive cost overruns. A, a job is stopped. I don't know. It's a disaster. I don't think, I don't think President Obama said that. I haven't heard. I can't, I don't know that for sure. But that don't sound like something he would say. No. But we can, I will say that the Obama Foundation did respond to the President Trump's comment saying We can't wait to open our doors to the Obama Presidential Center next spring. In addition to a world class museum, the 19.3 acre campus will feature a gymnasium, a fruit and vegetable garden, a branch of the Chicago public library, a PA playground and so much more.


Now the initial budget on that project was 400, about about $450 million. However, in 2022 the project was estimated to be increased to about 830 million. So, But did President Obama say he only wants DEI working on it and he only wants woke people working on it. Oh, that's gonna sound like something a person would say. No, but you know, he definitely was, you know, you know he's going to push forward and want to have, you know, a diverse people working on those projects of co projects. Of course. So there's that. But as far as just, just only wanting woke and only wanting DEI, come on Now, you know who talks like that. It's also interesting that, you know, Trump is pushing so hard to want a liberal country like Canada to be a part of America.


You know? But I guess if you plan for, you know, elections in the future, not to be free and fair, you don't care who joins. I was Confused how he said, yeah, we will help you with your military. Canada already has a strong military. We'll help you with your healthcare. I think Canada already has a great healthcare system. So I was thinking like, what are you offering? It's true. It make sense. True. Yeah. Alright, well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at seven. We will continue the conversation about Real id. There's an update from Homeland Security Secretary Christina. Alright, We'll get into all that next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


I'm, I'm Hey what doing man? Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this shy from Atlanta. What's Up brother Sha. What up? Get it off your chest. What? Good, good morning all. I love you all. I listen to you all the time in one way or another. I just had time this morning because I usually be at work so I call in. I love you guys man. I Just say let our last to read. I shout out to Morgan Wood and because they come in on a professional end and they put y'all in no game with they reading because y'all be messing up.


Man. For real. I love you Though. We not perfect. None of us can read. We can't read Whatcha Talking about. Yeah, you can't. You can't. You just said fixes yesterday. I said you like you got four books outta you just said fix. But that ain't got nothing to do with reading. That's grammar sir. That is Reading. That's reading. Calling Words Getting Words. Right. Did you read, you don't get your words right. No. That, that's when you write your own through you. I don't even know if you write your own stuff. I do write my own stuff, but I didn't use proper grammar. But that, that don't got nothing to do with not being able to read. Being able to read. Yes. You mess up paragraphs all the time. All y'all. I love y'all though. Well, we love you back shot. Thank you so Much. Yeah, I would love to hear your reading of course up. But you gotta know the difference between You're being judgmentally. You need to know the difference between literacy and not using proper grammar.


I didn't use proper grammar. And I will continue not to use proper grammar. 'cause I'm black. I was gonna say, you never do say subscribe. Subscribe. That's not grammar either. That's just me. Mispronouncing, uhuh, subscribe. I'm, I'm mispronouncing it. Word Grammarly. No it's not right. Grammarly is not a word. Whatever. All right. Whatever Matter is. Hi, this is Virginia from Harrisburg. Hey Virginia. Get it off your chest. Hi. Good morning everyone. Good morning Andy. Good morning Charlamagne. Good morning Jess and Lauren. Peace ma'am. How are you? Doing well. I wanna say congratulations to my daughter Vira Jordan. She'll be graduating college Hampton University this Sunday. Hey. Hey. Congratulations.


Congrats. What's she major name? Yes. Psychology. Oh, amazing profession. Is she black? Yes. Congrats. Good. We need more black people in the mental health space. We need more black mental health professionals. So great. Yeah, she'll go back to get her masters. That's so amazing. Where, where are they doing it? They doing the indoors From what I know now. They said outdoors. Ooh, outdoors. Okay. Well I hope the weather is amazing. They give you, they still give you two tickets or four tickets. Well, this year they're giving out nine. Oh Wow. A nine in the actual thing. 'cause sometimes they'll do nine in the, in the, in the arena. And then they'll do like one of the offsite. So they're doing nine in the arena. For what she told me, she, she has nine available tickets.


So I'm not complaining. Well enjoy it man. And, and wish her the best. Thank you so much. And salute to everybody at Hampton University. They do the graduation each and every year on Mother's Day. So all the mothers get there and, and get to see their, their sons and daughter graduated. It's always a beautiful time. That's one of my mom's favorite experiences. Aw, thank you guys. Alright, Virginia, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This Is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, It's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who's This? Hey, this is Drea. Hey Drea. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Can You hear me? Yes. Hey, I just wanna get off my chest. I called last week And I, I told him about Norfolk State Homecoming and Charlemagne said that he will go possibly if we play South Carolina State and we play South Carolina State In Norfolk. That's dope. Yeah. Hear no, I I that that, that's, that's not what I said. I said that I was going to South Carolina State Homecoming this year. I know that means you should come to Norfolk State's homecomings if we play on Charlemagne. Yeah, but that ain't South Carolina State Homecoming, Charmagne, you know, I'm just trying to get you there to support Michael Vick. That's it. Oh yeah. Salute the Michael Vick.


Man. I appre, I I'm rooting for him except for when he plays South Carolina State. Yeah, I'm, I'm going to the game. I'm actually going to the one October 4th where they play Hampton. So I'm gonna go to a bunch of those games down there and support Mike Vick. Oh, so DJ Envy and Jeff and Lauren. You guys might come to the Homecoming to support. Oh yes. More than likely. I will if I don't have shows around that that time. No, stop lying. Norfolk State Homecoming at the same time. I think it's Manto. You can't Read. I think it is. Yeah. I'll be down there buying, I'll be on the other side of the water, but I'll definitely be out to be down there. I gotta go there And I gotta go to Delaware State's homecoming this year if it's not the same time to support their football team as well. De Sean Jackson. I love Virginia. Oh, what is that?


Virginia? September. Lemme know. I'm gonna come to games. Well, hey, I was gonna say it's close. Hey y'all. I was gonna say closer to the time, I'll call back in and whatever parties or whatever that y'all may wanna attend, I'll just DM y'all if y'all feel comfortable. Yes Ma'am. Thank you so much. All right, mama. Have a good one. All right, y'all have a good one. All right now. Bye-bye. While There and, and you said subscribe so No, you can't read because you know the B is B subscribe. No. The difference between mispronouncing and being able to read, I know how to read. So Read, subscribe, And I, That's mispronouncing, Mispronouncing Something video. Because I'm the same way you say T and no and mu it's no, it's because you're from Baltimore.


I'm from South Carolina. So that's the way we talk. It's like in Boston they say Ka. Oh, so you are B'S is Vs. Well, no, my, the, the, the T's are straight. I say I'm like a C so I say straight Ree strong. Yes. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yes We do. Why was there a bottle of cast amigos just sitting in your chair this morning? Jess gave me a gift. Oh, Jess bought that. Okay. Why you act like you ain't nowhere. It came from it was Her gift. Why You all in our business? Yes you Guys, number one, the la you don't give people with addictions more of what they're Addicted to. Wow. Now you addicted. Yes, Definitely. Oh my God. Bet you take a shot. We do. I bet she can't bet Alcoholic with a bad wig. You really tried.


Whoa Emini here. You giving. He's addicted to being a Can't say He just said you in a single. You can't even believe it. I just Wig Drunk. That's F-ed up. Emini here. All of that is true. But continue. We have the latest one. See what I'm saying? Damn, if, Can you ask me 'cause I'm not even going over this Talking About we do the Met Gala has raised the most money in its history. $31 million bet on black. And I'm gonna break down why that is important for black designers, black creatives and back black artists. Mm. Before we stop talking about the M Gala, we gotta talk about that. Okay. Alright. Right. We'll get to that next. And I, and just something personal. I heard something happened with our girl Young Ma. I just want you to do dive deep dive into that to find out we're on it.


All right. It's the best Morning. I don Young May with a good time talking about deep diving in the young May. Oh, Because you can Do that. Oh right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord The latest with Lauren LaRosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's The latest On The Breakfast Club.


Talk To me. Alright y'all, so the MET Gala we talked about it went down on Monday, right? But the MET Gala has actually made history. The MET Gala this year raised 31. I'm gonna get the number right. Hold on. Million. Yes. Yeah. $31 million. $31 million. Amazing. Yes. And, and people are gonna wonder, you probably guys are probably wondering like why does that that even matter? And like a lot of people didn't even know that the Met Gala Raises money. They just thought it was a place that people dress up to get cute and go to. And this number, $31 million is the most money that the Met Gala has ever raised in its 77 year history of the museum.


That's now the museum. The money that they collect every year through like ticket sales and donations and things go to making sure that the museum is able to like still do business because the museum funds itself and has been for all of this time. Now the reason why that is important when it comes to the black designers, the black creatives and the black artists, is because it allows for the Metropolitan Museum of Art to explore and celebrate black history, culture and style through its exhibition. So it allows it to put on more exhibitions to teach people to research, to bring in the right people to the, the different artifacts and things that they bring into the museum to keep them up for time and to just, you know, showcase what it, like the black Dandyism carpet that we just saw.


A lot of those pieces and a lot of those stylists and a lot of those fashion designers all contribute to the Met Museum actual like exhibition that you see behind the scenes. So now it's in here, people can come and see it, they can learn. So it's just basically kind of like, you know, a artifact and people are saying like, you know, bet on black because this year made so much history because there was so much hype around it. People were really excited to see the looks, who was gonna be involved. And because there was so much conversation around the cultural importance of this year's Met Gala. Okay, Well nice. Yes. Now yesterday Charlamagne, because I wanted to make sure I got this and you asked me about the black designers that were involved on the carpet And I said there were black designers and there were black stylists. But I didn't have a complete list And I didn't wanna leave anybody out.


I did wanna mention some people though. Savannah James was actually style by hafa. You know Hanifa from Maryland? I do not. Oh, from Maryland? Yes. Hanif nice. Yeah, so she was, well she's she based there, but, so she was styled by hafa. You also have Laquan Smith who styled a bunch of people. He's a designer. Sergio Hudson who was up here with Ms. Stephanie Mi, South Carolina all day. Yes. Went to Sergio. Nice. Dapper Dan. Of course you have Paul Ta Taswell. Who did? Jon Janelle Monet. Oh wow. There was, there was a lot of different people. Jil Weaver did Rihanna. Do we Know who did Laury Hill? I can look that up. I don, It's not on the list. It's got, I just, I like, I really, really loved her.


Her outfit And Romeo Hunt, who I wore yesterday. He also dressed someone for the Met Gala Carpet as well too. There's a lot of black people that were really involved in this. So this is a major win for black creatives. But major win for the Met Gala as well too. Nice. Yes. So moving on yesterday, this is a hard left turn. Smokey Robinson, there was a story that broke yesterday. The Smokey Robinson is being accused of sexual battery by four former housekeepers. How old are these women? Huh? How old are these women? So the women are How old is Smokey? Smokey?


Yeah. No He is not. I'm just making stuff up. I was gonna say Jesus. He was gonna go with it too. I was Asking Emini here, Emini here Because they don't sell the age. He's 85. Yeah, I don't know the age of the women, but I, so here's what happened. So there are four women that claim that there four accusers say that they overlapped in working for Smokey and his wife Francis. And they claim that they were assaulted multiple times with the first incident happening in 2007. Now they're saying that they were repeatedly sexually assaulted and raped by Smokey Robinson in during their employment. This is insane.


Now the suit was found in Los Angeles on Tuesday morning by the four Jane Doe. So they are listed as Jane do. Their names are not mentioned, which is probably why we don't have their ages yet. And they claim that they used to work as housekeepers for the music Star and his wife. So this first allegation, even though there's a vari variety of allegations made against Smokey Robinson, a document is that there, there is that they claim that Smokey Robinson would call them into his bedroom or other places while his wife was away from the house. These women all allege that Smokey would then force himself upon them, penetrating them, allegedly with his fingers, forcibly giving them oral, can I say oral? You can say oral sex. Oral sex. Or making them perform oral sex on him and then raping them despite claiming they repeatedly told him no, according to a lawsuit, the woman claimed that Smokey would also sometimes lay down with a towel before allegedly forcing himself upon them.


So not so as not to make any mess on the, the bedsheets. At least two of the victims claim that he ejaculated in inside of them without protection. And they're suing Smokey Robinson for sexual battery assault, false imprisonment, and gender violence. And they're seeking at least $50 million in damages. Now, Smokey's White, who was the lawyer, I was about to ask the same thing. The lawyer is not listed in the report that I see, but I can get that information for you At some point. These lawyers taking these cases gotta be bought upon a Rico. Man, it's crazy. This is organized crime at this point because it, it's, it's a racket. Jane do come to these attorneys, attorneys reach out to the artist, ask the artist to settle. And then when the artist don't want to settle, they go public with these accusations and they tell the artist, Hey, we're gonna go public with these accusations if you don't settle with us.


And then they let the media run with these stories. That's essentially a smear campaign. Like, and it's, it's


always KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating.


But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The same exact story. Yeah, every single time. That's why I Asked Who's the lawyer? Yeah, I'm trying to find who, who the lawyer is 'cause I don't actually have the doc, but I can pull the doc. I did wanna mention this part as well too. So Smokey Robinson's wife of 23 years is also included in this lawsuit. Even though the women were clear that she never engaged in any of the alleged alleged sexual acts or rapes, they're suing her, her name is Francis because they say she knew about prior alleged sexual misconduct that Smokey had committed and did nothing to prevent it from happening again. And they also claim that she created a hostile work environment Francis did. Allegedly by using racially charged epithets, giving them various tasks and depriving them of meal and rust breaks.


That is crazy. Yeah. You said at one point forcible Felicia. Yes. And I reached out to Smokey Robinson's team. But had I have not heard back on this at all, I'm Gonna tell you one thing about that. Smokey might not even know what's going on. Smokey. Like I don't be on social media. What's going on? I'm Sure Smokey got a lawsuit. So I'm like this you going to Know? But the craziest thing is trying to have an old man force his tongue up A is nothing like the Lee Leo Lee. Hell like that is, that's what, that's what them most of them old men do with. Because you know a lot of older guys, they don't really know how to I thought that was an alarm going off just now. Exactly. That's what you'll think. And I like that's what they do. The older guys.


It's called the Lidle. Yes. No. Yes. Lidle. So, oh, women Shut up. All right, well, okay. Could you just shut up sometimes? No, no, no. I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about these, these women shut up. So I'm just saying I know. I know how it is when an older man think you know what he doing and he trying to force the tongue and it's, it is crazy. So thank you. And the attorney is John Harris. I've never, I have not heard of this attorney. And the common thread is they're saying that the women are Hispanic who were employed as housekeepers by Pharmacy. The common thread is that these lawyers come to the artist and tell the artist, if you don't settle with us, we gonna make these accusations public. They always do it privately.


'cause there's a lot of people who feel like to, who might settle behind the scenes. Absolutely. Because they don't want this stuff to go go reputation. But, and then if you don't settle, then they go public with it and try to smear you in the media. Hmm. But y'all know one thing I was watching yesterday, I saw Byron Scott yesterday. Same thing. I'm like, come on. Who's that? A former NBA player. Former NBA coach. Oh okay. That's crazy. Listen y'all, so this is breaking news. I was watching Love and Hip Hop yesterday. Y'all know I just like to go down memory lane. I was watching Love Hip Hop New York season three. Guess who used to be men's artist? Who? Vi Vital? Oh yeah. No, they're all from Harlem. All from Harlem. I'm saying it's like it's breaking news Yes. To your generation. Well Yeah.


That's what Okay to Us lids. We've been doing this. Alright. Okay. Alright. That is the latest one. Lauren, when we come back we have front page news and then Justin should be joining us it The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news now, quickly. NBA playoffs. The Warriors won last night. 99 80 I 99 88. Steph Curry did get injured. He had a hamstring strain. So they don't know if he's gonna be playing for game two and the Paces lead the series two. Nothing. People are surprised about this. They won last night. 1 21 19. What a game. That game was it.


It pretty much ended with a a, a buzzer beater. So I ain't watch no basketball last night. I was good. It was good last night. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So let's get back into front page news. So Homeland Security secretary Christie Noam says, traveling without real ID compliant cards will still be permitted for now, but will likely face some more security steps. Noam shared the information while testifying before a house appropriations committee on Tuesday. However, she also noted that individuals without proper identification will likely face additional steps before they are permitted to travel. Maybe slide to an extra line, an extra step. Like she said, the full enforcement date has been pushed back report repeatedly since the law was first passed in 2005 and it was finally slated to take effect today.


So let's take a listen to Homeland Security Secretary Christie. NO'S comments on Real ID compliance. 81% of the travelers that travel by airline in the United States today are already compliant. So they have IDs that already they will be able to use just like they normally always have been. We will be honoring passports, other federally recognized IDs, tribal IDs will be recognized. So thank you Mr. Chairman for that. And what will happen tomorrow is folks will come through the line and will be issue their ID and show it. If it's not compliant, they may be diverted to a different line, have an extra step, but people will be allowed to fly. I think they did this too fast. I I I think, And I know what they're saying, that all these people, a high percentage of people have the real id, but a lot of people have been trying to get the real ID for months now and DMV has four months, five months out to get this id and it's just gonna make things even worse for people.


Yeah. I I will say though, it hasn't been taken too fast though. They've been, they've been telling us to get real ID for for some a couple of years. But It's been, it's been, you couldn't get, it wasn't that easy to get in Jersey. No, honestly, hasn't that easy to get it? No, honestly, I've just been ignoring it. No, I've been Trying to get it because for the last couple of years they've been telling us that you gonna have to get real IDs on Actually they had, they had announced a, a date prior and then they pushed it back. That's what they were saying. This has been repeatedly pushed back since 2005. So I don't know about you. Yeah, yeah. I I, I, well that's the Only reason I never kept getting it because, because they would always push it Back and, and the one thing I I don't understand about the real ID is, is you'll see when you go get the real id, it's the same exact thing. I, I guess the identification might itself be different, but all they asked for is the same thing.


They want a passport and social security card, which is the same thing. You had to get your regular driver's license and proof of address. That is it. So it's nothing extra on that ID that you need star. I don't understand why you can't just turn in your regular driver's license and get another one because I thought it was Information. I thought it was a star or something. Yeah, The star on the corner of it. That's the only difference that I've seen from my old one to my new one. But You still need the same information to get a your driver's license. So it's not like it is a different thing. They're Putting a chip inside of it. That's what they don't wanna tell us. Us, You know, look, Jack, look Jess ain't I, I don't know if Jess's wrong 'cause I was thinking that too. 'cause you know, when I had to switch over And I took forever to switch over my South Carolina ID to my New Jersey ID And I asked for a real ID and they told me that was a whole other process.


And this was like two years ago. Yeah. I don't know. Jess, you might be onto something because I've recently renewed my passport and I'll say it's a lot thicker than it was before. Yeah, right. A real ID is an enhanced security driver's license that will be needed to board domestic airline flights in lieu of a passport. So right now she says, if you are, if you don't have a real ID or if you're not real ID compliant, you know, you will be still able to travel for now. But you know, they're still urging people to get real ID compliant. Speaking of Travel New Jersey Congressman Josh Gottheimer, he's calling for changes at Newark Airport after the experiencing delays for ninth straight day with air traffic control centers across New Jersey, Philadelphia, and now Long Island, down 40 staffers for the region.


And the congressman is calling on the Trump administration to add more workers to the region, upgrade outdated communication systems. And he also spoke about the economic impact that this is having. That the new, that Newark airport, you know, is a, a quite the, the funnel of traffic into the country or just pretty much, you know, people are traveling and using Newark International. Let's take a listen to those comments from New Jersey Congressman Josh Gottheimer. But we Must immediately, immediately surge our investment and fix the technology issues at Newark Airport and our airports around the country. We cannot wait a day longer to get to work to fix the technology issues at Newark Airport. A region where 20% of the nation's GDP runs through and I'll, I'll say it over and over again.


Talk about just how important of an artery for our country Newark Airport is. Right. It's not only critical to our economy right, but it's critical to air traffic around the United States. Yeah. So five air traffic controllers took trauma leave last week following a communication failure that was a 92nd block blackout, which they're saying that, you know, was very, very, it was, was traumatic for those air traffic controllers saying that they just didn't know what was gonna happen in the 90 seconds during that blackout. And of course, Senator Chuck Schumer is also calling for an investigation and to whether these aviation related incidents are a direct result of doge cuts. So, oh, There's too much going on man. That's why people just be getting high and wanting to have a drink, man.


Yeah. Like, God damn, can we just have a normal life? No. And wrapping things up, thank the Supreme Court is allowing President Trump to implement a ban on transgender people serving in the military. Justices granted an emergency request from the White House to get rid of a nationwide injunction that blocked the policy while litigation takes place. All three liberal justices dissented. Seven transgender service members had sued to block the order made by Trump. Separately, the US Court of Appeals in Washington DC put a ruling on hold from a judge that also blocked the ban nationwide. While arguments have, while, while it heard arguments and has yet to rule. Now, defense secretary Pete Hegseth, he spoke at McDill Air Force Base in Tampa yesterday saying Trump is delivering on a generational investment to rebuild and redefine the military.


And here's what def defense secretary Pete Hegseth had to say, we Are leaving wokeness and weakness behind no more pronouns, no more climate change obsession, no more emergency vaccine mandates, no more dudes in dresses. Our standards will be high and in combat formations they will be gender neutral. So heg Seth went on to say that if you meet the standards you can serve and the goal is to provide troops with the most advanced technology so that American soldiers don't have to face a fair fight. Just real quick, can we just salute the troops and the vets for their service? You know, for sure You absolutely salute all veterans, You the work that you do and and the words of just hilarious Let 'em fight.


Yeah, that is interesting. I would love to talk to some soldiers about that because you know, a lot of times when you hear a lot of troops talk, they talk about how, you know, when they at war, they just at war. Yes. They not thinking about, you know, well, at least in regards to race, I, I can't speak to Yeah. Everything else they Just say when they at war, that's my, my, my soldier next to me. And that's that. I don't know how it is. You know, when you, that that soldier identifies as something else. I don't know. Yeah. But you know what, and and, and like you said, I would love to talk to the troops as well. Like, that was my dad's main thing when he was in the military. He was like, when he, when they, when they were fighting, it was all good. It was like, it didn't care. Race didn't matter. But as soon as they got off that barracks and they went to the restaurant and they wouldn't let my dad in 'cause he was black, them white officers still went in there and ate.


So it, it is so I guess it's, it's, it's a little bit different. So I, I would love to hear from the troops as well. Alright y'all, that's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all. All righty. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, just niche will be joining us. She has a new comedy special self-serve. We'll talk to her next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ n Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Just welcome to. Thank you. How you feeling Man? I feel great job. Yeah, thank God.


Yeah. Last time you was here you was talking about putting out your special, now you got your special actually out The special drop job. How'd you feel? Congratulations First, first of all feels good. Thank you. We got it done. Like and You did it yourself. You funded it completely Yourself Funded. Yeah. Thank you. You paid for it too. Thank, did you watch it? You in it? I did See some of it. No, I did. You did it all with the selfie. Yeah. You in it, you in the special. Did You declare, did you declare She good? I Good When, when I filmed y'all the first time I said y'all in the special day. That's right. That was the Clarence. You did. Yeah. I didn't you Yeah. So turned out real dope. So congratulations. Thank you. Thank How much did it cost in in totality to why you, why you asking them type of questions? Because she said she bought It herself. Well it was really like a hundred thousand dollars special.


But we got it done for about a third. Wow. And you do this with yourself. I know that's right. Yeah, we had to make it do what it do. So I did it with my phone. And then we had some real cameras too. But for sure we did put that selfie shot in there because that was the whole, yeah. So went Grace. Can I cuss some hair? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I got my first lady jacket on. I ain't know if I, I don want to be like that but yeah. Yeah, it just, it, we didn't raise all the money either. Like I did the GoFundMe, I'm thinking people was gonna gimme more like that girl that got hit in the head with the brick. Yeah. They gave her like $50,000. So I was like, lemme just ask for 20, like I asked for like 15 And I thought I would get like 20. But you didn't have no tragedy though. Yeah.


You gotta have a tragedy. Well I knew that I would've hit myself in the head with a brick had I not known. I, I said just me trying to do it myself would be enough. People was like, nah, you heard About that lady the other day five. She called a kid a little boy a and she put up a go for me and she raised over 600,000. Right? She did she get A million? Close to a million million Now. But yesterday it was she 700,000 Look. Okay. And I've been calling kids my whole life. Damn. On my GoFundMe. But you know, it's, it's just crazy. And yeah, I thought a lot of people would kind of just donate to it. Like people I know with money And I was like, oh I ain't even ask for that much. But I was like no, you know, get it out the mud. And we did and it turned out it's really top five.


I'm not even lying. In the last 10 years, what's your favorite comedy special in the last 10 years? Don't say Dave Chappelle because he, we all know it's Dave Chappelle but Dave Chappelle aside. Hmm. That ain't my favorite but he, he top five, he's one of my favorites. I like, I think was one of my favorites. Sticks and Stones would probably be in my top five of the last 10. Yeah. Neil Brennan actually has two that I probably would put in my top. Yeah. Five In the last 10 years. Yeah. Who else? I don't Know. I'm trying to think of the specials that came out. I don what else came out Out Selfer. So y'all got a new Emini here? Really don't have to know these. Joe Coy was a funny one but I'm trying, I can't one, I can't think of the ones that came out. Oh Damn. Andrew sho The life that's messed up that three of my top five is white people.


But they were really was really funny. They was really good specials. It was good specials. Yeah. I like, I gotta Watch that. I gotta, I gotta really check in with self-serve. Yeah You gotta, you gotta check it Out. I gotta watch more standup. Damn. Yeah. I'm trying to think Two of them in the last 10 years'. Crazy. Yeah, I think people are not really caring about comedy specialists no more. 'cause people just been putting out garbage Anything. You know what Emini Here. So it's not special like people like okay another comedy special. But then it's like okay, don't Wanna, I don't know any comedians who watch other people's specials like that though. Yeah. If it's a good special, we watch Keith Robinson had a really good comedy special. Different strokes. Both. Oh yeah, different strokes was good. Different strokes were good. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Was Quake latest one even though it was like, it was like short but it was so good.


It just came out like last year or two years ago. Earthquakes. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah people, I don't know. I guess people. Well this one is real dope. So y'all could watch this one and then let me know Its you by yourself. You got any openers? You Got any? Nope. It was just me because You know how some People Yeah. Oh yeah. No, I ain't had no openers. I went straight in. It was all me then Kevin Hart was in it. Dope Charlamagne was in it. Yep. DDI was in it D Ray. Who else was in Dope? Chika being DC Young Fly in it. Alright. Okay. I people was in it. Don't nobody know. But when I had my cell phone I really was getting that footage and we just put it in There. So, and then that shows the reality part of it. So what else is it?


Did you go around in Chicago and Like every city I went to, yeah. So it was like half documentary, half special. Okay. But filmed all by me. So that was the running joke. Like I'm filming my special, but it was really just me and my phone And, and that stands out. That's different. Yeah. So from that sets it apart from every other. So you got a couple of sketches in between the comedy and you know, I don't know if anybody, anybody who followed me know that at my shows I do. Who the is this, I pull my phone out and take pictures of couples in the crowd. Mm. So I was doing that for a smash up. Uhoh this, this guy, he didn't wanna take the picture. He was like a old dude with a hat And I thought he was playing at first I was like, just take the pictures. You know, everybody else, everybody else was smiling and, but yeah he didn't wanna take the pictures.


So his girl, they end up walking out in the middle of the special and we kept it in there. 'cause I told him, I said we not taking this out. You know like she should have just really chilled out. Right. She walked out, the whole crowd was like, oh the cameraman followed her all the way out the room. So yeah, people were going in 'cause that clip went viral and people was like, oh you bogus for like taking pictures of people. Girl Please. But look, that's more promotion And just stop cheating and sitting in the front row Emini here. Like duh, sit in the back. Stupid. It don't take you side chick to no comedy show. Yeah. Like, well not, not sitting in no front. Where You going Sit in the front pictures I guess. I guess she probably bought the tickets. But did his Wife hit you yet? No, she but her husband and the lady said it wasn't that deep. 'cause I did talk to her after the show. Okay.


I'm like, I'm playing that in there if that's okay with you. She was like, yeah we deep. So yeah. What I, what I like about this special too, Dray Davis. He was a EP on it. Yes. And that's big being that Dray is from Chicago and you from Chicago. I like seeing people from you know, each other's cities supporting each other in that way. How did he become an ep? I reached out. I said I need you. You know I toured with Dray for like three years when I first started hitting the road. So I just, you know, I was hitting the people that I was cool with And I knew probably had it so That's right. Dray was like, no problem, what you need. And he was like really? The about the only one. I love that. Yeah. So I'm like, that's cool. It happened how it was supposed to Happen. He was the only comedian. You mean like that supported or That once be ep.


Okay. Because I reached out to a few to be EP on it. So yeah, he, he was down. How difficult is it coming up in a, in a, in a comedy game? 'cause it, it seems like you had a rough come up like people don't show up for you as much as you expect and you Know it, it's not even that. I just think people feel like I'm okay if that makes sense. Like, oh niche good, she don't need it. It's like no I do for this special. But everybody like, oh niche funny, she could do this. So I feel like it's more so that than I don't wanna help her like nah she got it. She'll Be, but then probably is this like the first time you've ever reached out for any type of help anyway? 'cause you're not the type that really I don do that. Yeah. So I think they feel like no you good. I don't gotta Like, nah but I'm asking. I'm asking. Well Lil put, you know what Emini here. Yeah so, but no everybody really rock with me.


Its been good coming up. Comedy's been real. It's been good. I ain't, I ain't got no complaints. Just that nobody gave me no money for this. That's my only Complaint. But No, but You got what you supposed to get Though. I did and it came out real good so I couldn't have asked for a better, I'm very proud of it And I feel like it is real special because of the way I had to do it. How is and congratulations on Amazon Prime. How are they with pushing it? Like marketing, how that Well, since it's not an Amazon Prime original. Original, all the marketing is still on me so we still, we still marketing. We had a Time Square billboard. Shout out to Fair ENT. It Pierce, she got us billboard right in Times Square.


So we, we still pushing. We just pushing and it's, the feedback has been just crazy. All we got more with just needs when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with just Niche. A new comedy, special self-serve. It's out on Prime video now. Jess, Did you really get kicked out of a weight loss camp? Yeah. What they, if you drink they kick you out? The Proma drink What? Liquor? Yes. You have liquor at the camp. How you Get, well no you can't drink. It's, it's a, no it's strict, no liquor. It's a program. Yeah. I how you get caught 'cause people take pictures of me with they drinking because they're stupid.


And I tell 'em, don't post nothing. So I think they be stalking my, my Instagram. Dang. What, what was the weight loss camp for? Like what? Well, I, what? I know to get this back down. I Know. What was it for? I won't rip this blazer. Yay. You eating that big niche, right? I lost that sounds crazy. Two five pounds Charlamagne Since last Time. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I jumped rope. I'm a fitness instructor now. All right. What? Every single instructor, I'm a fitness instructor now I do jump, I don't know if y'all probably don't follow me, but I started these jump rope challenges two years ago And I just did a hundred days of jump. I jumped rope every day for a hundred days. Oh, that's so my bad. For how long?


I Usually Hundred days? No. How Long a day? Oh, I shoot for 500 jumps, but most times I go longer. But minimally, 500 jumps that take about 10 minutes. Not even. Right. Damn. Damn. You just jumping. Just listening to music, jumping, sitting down. You know, I take my time. How the hell You jumping? Sit down Because like I take a break. She rests Jess 500 straight. No, No, I don't do 'em straight, but if I have to to hurry up and get 'em done, I'll will do. Like I could do two 50 straight. Okay. That's just Doing too much. I don't try to force myself to Do that. Just was like, would you do 10 and sit down, Take two hours? But I started doing that because it was was something easy I could do every day. I just had to work on my discipline. And so I do small challenges.


I would do like a 10 day, 14 day people just watch me. So like at the new year I said I'm gonna do a hundred and so January 1st I was like, I'm gonna do a hundred days to jump. And I did it fast. Yeah, thank you. I did it And I got all these people Now I just started a 21 day challenge. I this, It's a big challenge online right now. A lot of people are joining on the challenge. Yeah. A lot of people joining in on the challenge. So it's 21 days jumping with just niche. So. Yeah. And they like, I don't know. So I guess I'm a guru. Alright. You do what? Everybody else doing it just doing Ozempic or you know, Mount Majaro? What's it called? I need a Majaro. Something Like that. I wanted to do some ro but I don't Obamacare. They don't take that. Oh they don't? Yeah. Yeah. I just need to some care credit or something. 'cause I would've got those in there.


But I like the way you're doing it. Yeah. I like the way you doing it. It's, it's like a whole movement now. It's good for your platform. It's positive. You know what Emini here it is empowering. That's what's up. Thank You. Yeah, for sure. Y'all could do y'all jump rope tag me. Charmagne? No, you, your jacket on Charlamagne. Charlamagne. Like but also I was gonna say we're gonna start doing a, I'm gonna do like a joking jump. Okay. Like Health Fest in August. Okay. Thought you say a joking jump. I'm be like, she gonna be joking and telling Jokes That The much Yeah, no, it'll be, well I got some fitness instructors coming in and then I got a couple comic coming in. So we gonna work out and then we gonna tell some jokes and we're gonna get home. So yeah, we gonna, okay. Congratulations on your new man too.


You Got a new ball? Yes, I don, he's the same from last time, but Okay. Is like three years now. Oh, okay. Damn. I didn't see, see I didn't see you last time you was See it. I know you, we've seen each other, but I ain't know you had a new man. Yeah, Yeah. I'm doing good. This one lasting. They usually don't last because, but What made this one last so much? He understands the lifestyle of being a, like they a female entertainer is, is tough. It's always, you know, so you just gotta deal with your girl being out and gone and around men. And Is he, is he in industry? He Not, he not in the industry, but he's an entrepreneur so he gets that life Out too. Does he ever wanna come to shows? Does he come with you? Is it hard to bring him around? No, the Community.


He's an extrovert so he's out and he's funny too. Okay. So he's out, he don't mind coming to a show. And I think that is what helps 'cause people who homebodies, they be like, you going to another comedy show after the comedy show, but you gotta go. Yes. Yeah. I'll see you when I get back. What I find interesting too is that you, y'all went to Jamaica to like, like ASAP after y'all met, right? Yeah, Right away. Like How like you met him in how how long? Three weeks. Three weeks? Yeah. And you trusted this man to go out the country? I needed a vacation, sir. I got trusted. I'm trying to get some days off work, But you know, when you go on a vacation with somebody, you know they expecting the cheeks. True. And That's, that is true if He paid for it. So three weeks Paid for it and we paid for it.


That is three Weeks for the chicks. But yeah, Emini here we clicked. So it was chemistry right away. You know, it's interesting 'cause you and Jess, because Jess talks about how she ain't wait with her man at all either. So all of these people with these Joan Clayton, 60 day, 90 day. Yeah. I don I don't, I don't think it gotta be no 60 day, night, day. It's when we feel like it. Yeah. It wasn't in three weeks for me. So that's good. You held out sis. Yeah, because it was the first date for me and, And y'all still together see? Yeah. I feel like the quicker, the better Baby engaged or married, I think they unmarried on the Lord all that. Yeah. Yeah. I just feel like if if, if you feel a connection, it don't take no 90 days, it'll take two days. That's right. In your case.


And you weren't nervous yet. Instant connection. That's right. And like Charlotte said, you weren't nervous at all going to another country with somebody that you didn't really know. Nah, I really liked the fight. Could fight. And you know what was crazy fight you could fight, you Can play from Chicago, you can fight For Chicago. We had, we knew a lot of the same people like, so it was surprising that we didn't know each other because literally the circle of, He's from Chicago too. Got you. So his friends, I know his friends, he knows some and I'm like, how I ain't know you. Yeah, but I feel like I met him when I was supposed to 'cause And I met him time before that. I'd be like, nah. Now you, you joked that you have, you always joked that you had two months to get married before you turned 40, but now you are 41. Yeah, I'm 40. I'll be 41. I'll be 41. July.


Not your age. Emini here gonna throw that on you like you had two. Oh, she jokes about It though. True. But honestly you don't look 40. Oh, thank you. Yeah, it the ponytails. I don know. It might be a little baby face. I don't know. You just don't look. Has the pressure eased off over time? Now that you're 41, you like, I'm not gonna put so much pressure on myself about it. Well, I'll be 41 in July. Don't put on me just yet. Don't put That on me yet. Yeah, Yeah. But no, I still, it ain't etop. I guess we had our conversation that we needed to have. So that made Oh, Y'all had a convo? Yeah, We did. So what was the convo? I understand we all in your Business right now. I Know like, Well the convo was, he knows that I wanna be married. Okay. And he wants to do it, but he wants to do it right the Right way.


Yes. What's the right way for him? Do you know? Do y'all talk about That? Or man, I guess he wants to like do it up. And I said, I don't need all of do it up. We just need to be married. So, but he wants to be, he wanna do it. And what would your way to do it? Like if you were like, what would you want? Oh, I would rather go away. I like destination way. Yes. That. And then just go Get married and come back and have like a party like That. What if it's another city? Yeah, it's another city. Are You kidding me? What's up K? What's up Brother?


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ e Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories.


Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting that rental card that you requested or your way to turn it out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing's guaranteed at t is breaking something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connected changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att dot cov slash guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neville. Oh wow. Kidding me. How are you king? What's up bro? Oh wow. Speaker to God. The God just popped in. Yeah, he just, just walk in. Oh My goodness. What is going Oh, Oh, oh as he gets on his knees right here. You gotta ask the question. That's stupid. You gotta ask the question. Let's go. Tanisha, you married?


Yeah. Congratulations. Jess is over there tearing up. Oh my goodness. Yeah. King, y'all make some noise with the wow. I got this fake on. I have move. Oh God, Yes, of course y'all Knew about this girl. I ain't no a damn thing I did. I swear. No, I didn't know. I think they knew. The men knew I didn't know anything. Yeah, we wanted your real reaction. Jess. Yo, that Is, congratulations. So Sweet. That's amazing man. Well definitely check out her special now.


Tell all your family and friends stop asking you. That's right. Her special. Just me Self-serve is on Amazon Prime. I figure y'all wanna get back and do what you y'all gotta do to do. You know. Oh my. Congratulations. Congratulations babe. You congratulations. Can have all really can't have it all. You got your special, your husband do your thing y'all. I'm happy for you man. For you too. Thank you so much, y'all. Damn. Y'all let me crack. I got a real cry. Okay. You a real cry. It's okay. Damn over there. He over there looking like he can't wait to tell your ass up. Yes, yes. Can't stop yet. I'm Eugene. Did you know? Yeah.


Who did you tell? Don't matter. Nisha. Like, why these? I'm like, really? I'm the producer. I'm like, hi here, bring him in. Congratulations. Thank you. It's just, It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey. No, that sounded crazy. That sounded crazy. I was Describing, I was in the moment Just absolutely caught that. Can we play Envy hosting a Diddy party? Listen. Oh, oh. As he gets on his knees.


Knees. He was ready to go in some more team. Told him to stop. Yo. That's exactly, that's the next, that's the next thing. NB said. He about to go in some more. Somebody better tell him. Stop. Stop, stop. Dumb yo, let's get, let's Get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free face off She gets from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home Girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Who Was the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So yesterday was day two of jury selection in Diddy's case.


And before we get to, if there, it was a, a lot of what I had already talked about before them going through the questioning, there were 16 people added to the jury pool. Mostly men. But the story that broke yesterday was the fact that Diddy added a new lawyer to his team. It's a black woman attorney. Her name is Nicole Westmoreland. Now she is, and this is listed in the story for whatever reasons, and we'll get into those. She's a survivor of sexual assault. Now, her alleged sexual assault happened back in 2001 when she was 19 years old. And when it happened, she actually went to the police and the man that she accused was arrested and charged with rape, he ended up pleading guilty to aggravated assault with intent to rape.


And she is coming in the case, you know, she's having been worked on other cases with Mark Garros, who, you know, his daughter is one of Diddy's lead attorneys. And Brian Steele. Now, from what I'm hearing, she is a beast when it comes to cross examinations. And you know, having to question people on the stand. A lot of people who've been following her career yesterday, when the story broke, we're having a conversation about the fact that they think that she was brought on specifically to cross-examine the victims, the three victims who will have to testify because they were subpoenaed. Most importantly, they think that she's going to be somewhat of a, I guess like a secret weapon when it comes to the cross-examination of Cassie. Okay. On the stand. Now ask me why all this information about her sexual assault background was posted and plastered as the announcement.


Why, why is this the headline about her? I think that it is the headline because there's a ne a narrative that wants to be painted that okay, if there's a woman, a black woman that is a survivor of sexual assault and rape, who is willing to stand next to puff it, they're trying to, you know, it's a character thing. They, whoever it is that is, you know, making sure that these stories are positioned this way. They wanna make sure that character wise, it looks like, okay, he has someone who has actually been through this, who has survived it, who would understand the traumas of it. Who obviously believes what he's saying because she's here defending him. Him, yeah. Yes. Yeah. So that's just the update there. And also too, there, when they were going through the drawers yesterday, one of the jurors came right out and said that they think that Diddy is a horrible person and that they've been watching and, and looking at different things on social media even after they were sequestered.


So they of course they struck him, that person he, that that person's Not gonna do. He didn't, he didn't wanna do it anyway. Yeah. But Emini here, I just really think that that goes to show and it's kept coming up on the first day. It's gonna be real hard to get people who absolutely have never seen a headline, never clicked a story, never Anything. None. None of those people exist. Like you're really just taking people's word that they haven't seen these things. But it's impossible. The Diddy jokes have been made every single place in every corner of the earth. Yeah, yeah. Right? Yep. Yep. Well, in other news, Tom Brady actually spoke out about Shado Sanders and the draft and the sit down that he did with the Paw Brothers. Let's take a listen to Tom Brady. Explain whether he was involved with Shado being picked later or not.


Elephant in the room. Shear Sanders. What happened? Tom, why? Why did he go so late? I was, I wasn't a part of any evaluation process or to that. Skip Payless says otherwise. I know. Well, everyone's got every, you know, that's the problem with media is everyone can Just say whatever the fuck they want. Crazy. Get away with it. Crazy. It's kind of unfortunate 'cause there actually used to be a lot of integrity in media. Yeah. And there's way less now because everyone needs crazy voices to get heard. So nobody knows. And, And I, I actually texted Shado 'cause I've known him very well And I said, dude, like whatever happens wherever you go, that's your first day. Day two matters more than the draft. I was 1 99. Yeah. Who could speak on it better than me? Like what that really means, use it as motivation.


You are gonna get your chances. Go take advantage of it. So there's a lot of growth that needs to happen. If I was your daughter, that'd be the biggest mentor I'd be leaning on right now. Tom Brady. Okay. Like Tom Brady said, I was number 1 99. I think he got picked in the sixth round. There's nobody I would be looking to for last round, last to Brady Draft. That's the last pick of the draft, right? It was six round. Yeah. There's nobody I'd be looking to more than Tom Brady. Right. And he's right. It's all about what you do. Once you, you know, get to Cleveland, you get an opportunity. You know what else I like about Shado? He's already in Cleveland. He's already in Cleveland. Touching the community. Yeah. Talking to people, talking to the kids. Like it. He's been handling It's fantastic man. Drop on a clues bond for Shado. Yes. And the podcast that I mentioned, it's host by Logan Paul.


It's called Impulsive. And when you Haven't been impulsive before, it's Luther Logan Paul, You said you've done it before. That's fire. And the, what he's referring to when they talk about Skip Bayless is Skip Bayless had tweeted out that it is now, after the draft stuff was happening, it is now pretty clear. Tom Brady, who mentored Shado, told the Raiders not to take Shado. Duly noted. So that that was what they were, were referring to. And I thought that you talking about mentors in this conversation, Tom Brady talked a lot about mentors and who's mentored him in his life. And he listed a bunch of other people who didn't go first round, second round, like, like really relate that are huge names now. But then he also gets into the, his relationship with AB Antonio Brown. After Antonio Brown was let go. Let's take a listen.


What's, what's your relationship like with, with Antonio? We've had him on the show. Yeah. Emini Here. IIII wanted the best for him. You know, I think I saw a spark in him that I thought if, if put in the right place, you know how incredible it could be for not just the team he was on, but for his life and what he could accomplish. And I always hope for the best for, for him. And I, I met him And I always admired him as a player. And then I got to play with him. And I actually saw in the meeting room, like how he could take information and bring it to the field. And we picked him up at the Patriots and he played one game, the opener, second game of the year against Miami. The next week in practice we were playing the Jets. We didn't have an in completion the entire week of practice. And we released him Friday afternoon. You know, there was just a lot of things that were happening in his life and that he needed to focus on.


And so then we ended up going to Tampa and then he came back after a suspension in Tampa. And I just thought, okay, if I can help him, I'd love to help him. 'cause he'd help our team. He'd help his life. And then, so again, I always root for the best. I wanna correct that. Was Tom Brady Emini here? Tom Brady? Was Antonio Brown let go or did he just leave because then he just walk off after The jet ski is when he just walked over Buccaneers. No. Yeah, he was in the Buccaneers when that happened. He Was, he was doing for the Buccaneers when he walked up. But that was the Jets game when he walked Out. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. And then so in response to this, AB saw the clip and he responded, AB helped Tom Brady win, do dot, dot, dot, do. So. Yeah, there's that. And I think that they're back and forth from listening to this interview. I've never listened to Tom Brady talk extensively. But from listening to this, I think that Tom Brady meant very well by everything he tried to do for ab.


It just came in and out. Didn't work. That's it. That's all I got. What came In and out didn't work. Crazy. Shut up. Just hush. That's it. That's all that we have for this hour. Alright, Well thank you for the latest with Lauren Charlamagne. Who you giving that donkey too? Four after the hour, man. You know we need a guy named Andre DeNOx. I think that's how you say his name. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. I don't have no sympathy for people who commit home invasion. Andre committed a home invasion. We'll discuss. All Right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your Chicken out The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to behold it. A read. They gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve it.


Even need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them it's time for Donkey of the Day. It a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne Charlamagne. Who you dust here today too. Now Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Wednesday May 7th goes to Andre Steven Curtis Brox, I think I'm pronouncing his last name correctly. Probably not. Andre is 29 years old and he was arrested in connection with the home invasion of a 75-year-old man from Detroit. And the theft of a car. Let the record show. I don't have any remorse for people who commit home invasions. Okay? If you break into somebody's house while those people are home, you deserve whatever happens to you.


If you break into somebody's house, period. You deserve whatever happens to you. Okay? I don't care how old you are, I don't care what your race is, I don't care what your gender is. I don't care what your situation in life is. Homes are sanctuaries, homes are safe spaces. If you disturb that and somebody happens to be home and shoots and kills you in the process, you earned it. Okay? If you get arrested and they give you a hundred years in prison, you earned it. So in the case of Andre, don't look for me to shed no tears. Okay? This man is 29 years old and committed a home invasion on a 75-year-old. But I'm gonna tell you something, this man Andre is a special kind of coward Emini here. If you could create a coward the way you could create a my player on NBA 2K 25, everything would be 99.


Okay? See, Andre had an accomplished, okay? I don't think his accomplice had much of a choice in the matter, but he had an accomplice. Nonetheless, him and his accomplice came to the scene of a crime in a alleged stolen car. But Andre ended up fleeing the scene of the crime on foot after the 75 year old's son arrived at the property and Andre just left his accomplice after the scene of the crime. Now after you hear who his accomplice was, you tell me if Andre is a coward. Let's go to seven a, b, c news for the report. Please Marette on a burglary of an occupied residence. The call went out April 29th, around 8:45 PM a man was allegedly caught in the act of breaking into an east side Detroit home.


I, at scene theft, his son and grandson caught people breaking into the home. The suspect allegedly drove a stolen car to the scene. And after being caught by the homeowner took off on foot, leaving the car and his 11-year-old daughter behind Dad broke into the home. The homeowner caught him. He left behind a child and a stolen vehicle. Eventually, police caught the man, 29-year-old Andre, Stefan, Curtis, broad necks, who now faces multiple felonies for not just the home invasion and stolen car, but also for allegedly forcing his 11-year-old daughter to help with the break-in. Hmm. That's crazy.


Andre is 29 and had his 11-year-old daughter with him while he did a home invasion. And he wanted his 11-year-old daughter to help. Annie had a stolen car. What? And y'all want me to stop using the word retarded. Okay. The definition of the word retarded in the dictionary is less advanced in mental, physical, or social development than is usual for one's age. Andre is 29. His frontal cortex is fully developed. You tell me why he would take his 11-year-old daughter with him while he did a home invasion and ask his 11-year-old daughter to help. What else could it be? Except for retardation. Huh? Prosecutor said he made his young daughter help him. I don't know what his young daughter was supposed to do in this situation.


She was the Lookout. She was probably the lookout. The lookout. Okay. Listen. The fact he even had her there to begin with, why? There is a lot of daddy daughter bonding activities I can think of. Cooking, family meals, movies, tea parties, bowling. What do you, what's some stuff you do envy You could do? Of course dance. Dad, there's kickball, there's a basketball, there is a drawing. Coloring. Yes, you could do your girl, your daughter's nails, you know, do the hair, you know. Jess, what does Chris do with Molly? Cut the grass hedges. What else? Wow. Wow. What? Move on. Wow. All I'm saying is home invasions are not on that list. Okay? This man Andre took bring your child to workday to a felony level.


Imagine being 11 years old thinking you're going to a park. Next thing you know, you're holding a flashlight for your daddy while he's crawling through a window. This is why we need background checks, not just for guns, but for daddies. Okay? You're not a father, Andre. You are a failed GTA tutorial with custody rights. And I know that child's mother is somewhere regretting the day she let Andre shoot her club up. Okay? I know you can't take back your fornication, but in situations like this, I know that woman is wishing she could. What is wrong with you brothers? You got some men just leaving their children at McDonald's because they don't have a sitter and you got some men taking their daughters on home invasions because you want your 11-year-old daughter to help.


The moral of the story is there's absolutely never a reason to run outta your daughter's life. Even if you just got caught doing a home invasion. Please give Andre, Steven, Curtis broad an acts the biggest hee-haw. Actually Andre probably does need to run outta this child's life. This is actually probably the one time that I would say, you know what? Run, run, run for your life. Either run for, actually she need to run for her life and get as far away from him as possible. That is sad. It is. That's crazy What she even said it is. You try play. You played what with my Husband just nailed. I did not. He Has never cut the hedges with my daughter, ever. She didn't say didn't cut the hedges.


He just said not with the daughter. And Molly's young. Wait till Molly get about. And Vinny sorry. And I know you not over There. Sorry. Like Sorry. Okay, let's open up the phone lines. 805. Eight five where you want go? 'cause I'm sure there's some parents that did a lot of stupid stuff with their kids though. No, come on, we not doing this. This is beyond this. This is, this is criminal. You don't think this ain't stupid. I didn't say criminal. No, no, no. This is criminal. Didn't say criminal. I'm just saying I'm sure there's some parents that there's some stupid ish telling With their kids'. Listen, I'm telling y'all right now, if you open up the phone lines, knock on the door. If you open up the phone lines and you call up here and telling me that you committed crimes with your children, I'm taking your name, I'm taking your information And I'm calling the author. You can't See somebody with their kid walking into like a a seven 11 and say, put this in your pocket. You can't see that.


Mm. That's why you end up in all the situations you end up in Back in the day in Dollar General Room. God tell us Lying mama, you about to lie in your mama. No, no, No. My mama. Oh, I had Ashton swiping them little candles back in the day. I told you. Yeah, but we was very much broke and oppressed people. We had to do what we had to Do. Yes, but that ain't a home invasion. I don, I didn't say home invasion. I have to said stupid things you did with your kid. How? How much? How much? You Know that's a charge. Candles. I just learned that. That's a charge If you still a candles. Yes. If you use a juvenile to commit a crime, that is a charge. That's a charge. I literally just learned that this morning. How many Candles did you get? Yo? All of 'em. They was all good.


You know the Dollar General, they don't, they don't stack up too much. So it's, it's always just a little bit of stuff left. So that's what we got. And it was always on the bottom. On the bottom shelf Phone lines lit up. (800) 585-1051. And I already knew beside, I'm just asking how many of y'all did some stupid stuff with your Kids? I thought Ton had more sense than his mom and daddy though. I don Dunno Why Emini here? That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I don very mature little young Man. I was not one of the parents that that would be like, you get, you ain't getting nothing when you go in here. I'm like, get everything. When you go in there, Put in the bag, put it in the bag. I'm gonna whip your ass if you come outta here. Empty ass. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the craziest thing you did with your kids?


A crime? I'm just asking. You ain't gotta say your real name. This dude Said what's the craziest thing you ever did with your kids? A crime. That is A crime. But you said a crime as if you want people to call up here and talk about the crimes they do with the kids. I'm telling you right now, Lena McKelvy is telling eight. This is why they be wanting me to do ride along. 'cause I'm gonna do my due diligence this morning. I'm taking names, social security numbers. Watch. Let's talk about it. We get into it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you just joining us, Charlamagne gave Donkey today. To who? It's a young man. He's 29 years old. He's not a young man. He's a grown ass man named Andre. Steven Curtis DeNOx. Andre committed a home invasion on a 75-year-old man. And his accomplice was his 11-year-old daughter. He apparently, according to prosecutors, wanted his 11-year-old daughter to help. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I'm just asking. You can use a fake name. Have you ever done anything illegal with your kids? Well, justice Alaris said, already said that she used to stick up Dollar General with Little Ashton. Ain't Nobody stick up nowhere. We went to go get the candles. No, that's that what you said.


You said you told Ashton I'll beat your ass if you come out here empty handed. Empty handed. Yeah. And you said y'all used to get in the car. You used to be like, okay, what you got? What's the hall? I never said that. That's what you said when the cameras wasn't on and the mic wasn't on, you said that. No, I didn't. I never had to ask them what we got. 'cause we already knew we was going there to get So did y'all plan it out and be like, all the candles you gotta get? Yes. How old was Ashton? Ash was maybe what? Two, three. So that's how you taught him Miss numbers. You like, okay look. Aisle three, you know three right? Aisle one, aisle two I three. Aisle three is where the candles are. Ashton Get four candles. Okay? Get four and Aisle three, not count to four. Right? How many candles, mommy? 1, 2, 3, 4. You could do the colors too. Get the red candle and the blue candle. Yours Clown zone.


At first it was a little hard at two, but by the time he was three he was a pro. Showing me new stuff. We can go in there and get this. I was like, oh, I ain't even see that in the Back. Get it. Let's go to the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Hello? Who's this? It's Carrie. Hey, Carrie. What's, what's the, Carrie, What's your last name? No, Don't, don't tell em your last name. Dollar me. You not gonna get me with that one. And you not getting my social. I already got your name. When you call up here, we get everything. What's Karen last name? We're not gonna do that to Miss. We're not gonna do that to miss. No. Oh my God. Tell Sorry. Sorry. You gonna have to act this too. You gonna have to tell everyone I'm a funeral platter and come to Forth.


Come by a face for me. Okay. All right. So what did you do with your kid, Carrie? My kids, they know they have family loyalty. You know when the degenerate neighbor came over here and tried to mess with my oldest daughter, we all pile on top of him. Anything going down? We all there for each other but not crying. You, you, you can't take your kid to go do that. Come on. I know people have certain circumstances, but you, you just can't. I agree. You get killed. Go to jail. Emini here. Anything could happen there. Ho Oh, hold on, hold On, hold on. No, you're not holding on. You putting Carrie on the air. Hold on. 'cause there's some people that does. Some Carrie say don't do it, but then Perry's right, she's right.


But, but Hello? Hello? Hello. How you changed you Chasing your name? You can, What's your name? My Name is, my name is Leah from Indianapolis. Leah from Indianapolis. What's her last name? It didn't pop up. Leah, what did you do with Your kids? What's your last name? Leah. That's horrible. Mok Monk. MOS. Okay, let's go Leah. So what you do, Leah? So Charlamagne, go eat me up on this one. And I'm sure I've already been in the about it. When I was about 10 years ago, 14, I was, got into addiction real bad and started burglarizing at home. And one time my 15-year-old son would not get out the car. And I, I went with him.


I took him with him. I did. So you took your son with you to burglarized cars? He Was 15. No, No, no, no, no. Let's go on up. Let's, let's make it even worse. It was home. It was Home. Oh, you took your 15-year-old son to Rob Holmes. I did. I did. And I, And I, I'm very, I served my time, by the way, was convicted. Did serve my time. My son is grown. I did change my life. I'm one better. I'm even one better than one of your other favorites. I'm a truck driver now for the CDL. Saved my life. Congratulations. I was Of addiction. I was in a, my state of addiction. And, and as I look at it now as a rational person. And that, that was psychotic. That was crazy. That was wrong.


You didn't think it was crazy back then. Levels. How old was your child? She said what? How old was your child back then? 15. 15. That poor little crackhead son. I'm glad you got your life together. No, no, No, no, No, no, No, no. She's Not A crackhead. She, I'm glad she got her life together. She she was, you were a crackhead, right? No, she's just Gay. No, she said she was addicted. No, Not gay. How is she gay? I crack she a gay crackhead you not A sta No, not not gay and not, not crackhead. Let let, Oh was it meth cocaine? I, I was in the pills and cocaine. But not Just little cocaine. Okay, sorry. Well, Thank you mama. Well, I'm gonna tell you something Leah. I'm still keeping your name. Leah Moss.


I'm gonna still give it to Indianapolis authorities just in case You She did her time already. I was convicted. I'm Convicted. You just need to be monitored parole for two years. Okay. Alright. Thank you. Okay. Okay. I told you the line lit up. There's a lot of people. Another One. Go to another one. Nah, I thought she Was one of the lumberjack studs. You know the Rosie O'Donnell type? The one that, Oh, the Flannels. Hello? Who's this? Hey, What's up? This is, I wanna stay unanimous. Alright. Smart, smart. You wanna stay unanimous? Okay. We gonna let you stay unanimous. Alright. I'm sorry. South Carolina. There we Go. It's okay. It's alright. I know what you meant. Charla. Upstate. Upstate. It's all good. We all family.


What did, what did you do, sir? Well, I, when I was out in the streets, I would take my kids with me when I was transporting illegal country ban. You would sell drugs with your kids And you let the man talk. I I was like, I was like a mule. I guess you could.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats. You can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around for. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories.


Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neville piece to the planet.


Charlamagne. Tha God here. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, our target to try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Right? So I would just take it from here to there. But I would always, well sometime I would take them with me in case something happened. I would always have a story to tell like the cops or something. I could tell the story that was the truth and could get me going and to get me on through the situation if I, if it ever happened. That's Crazy. You never got caught. No. Well unanimous, today is your lucky day. Unanimous. Unanimous, unanimous. Today is your lucky day. Unanimous. You know when you call in we get your real name. Now I just have to contact Spartanburg Police. Oh boy. Not because I want you to go to jail, I just need you to be monitored a little bit. That's all. Damn. Oh go, go ahead with that. Tell come on.


I have a good one. Alright. Carrying your kids with you while you transporting drugs is crazy. That is Crazy. Don't call these people crazy when you ask them to call in and and confess to these crimes. Because I thought it was gonna Be one two. I didn't nigga, I'm gonna have me a list today. I might have to pass this on to the FBI Director ka. Hey Kas Patel, I got something for you man. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever committed a crime with your kids? That is the question. It's the breakfast slogan. Morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you just joining us. Charlamagne gave Donkey today. The who? Man, there's a young man, I keep saying young, but he's 29 'cause I'm old. I'm 46. But Andre, Stephan, Curtis Brodock is 29 years old. He was arrested in connection with the home invasion of a 75-year-old man from Detroit and the theft of a car. And he took his 11-year-old daughter with him to help during the home invasion. Yeah. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What crime did you do with your kids? We got Crystal on the line. Crystal, good morning. Good morning you guys. Hey Crystal, what's your last name?


Big girl? What? What is it? Big girl, Crystal Big Girl. That's a good description. That's, that's enough. I got as long as I got accurate description. So Crystal, what you do with your kids? Okay, I got so many stories, but if I have to pick one it'll be the time that I I their friend because pick my baby daddy. Just don find waiting on the move to pick them or whatever. So you know like 13, 14-year-old boys so they beat him up or whatever. Oh, he called the police and guess he went to jail. Your big ass. Oh, So I nobody a She said what? She Said don't call nobody, nobody Selling.


Yes I can. 'cause what y'all don't know is when y'all call up here your number and your name and your last name and where you calling from comes up. That is true. Miss. Yeah, miss Man. Yeah. Miss I done already been to jail for it. Yeah. Your kids didn't though. Damn. Goodbye. Miss Kids did it. Alright. That's who we want. Jesus Christ. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is low. How y'all doing this morning? Hello? Low Low. What's your last name? Lo What? I didn't do anything. Leave Ms. Slow along Low. Yo Ms. Slow.


What happened? No. No. So when I was a kid, when I was a kid, my cousin, my my cousin right? She was in her sixties. She used to take me to the grocery store with her and try to stuff stuff into my coat. What? Like she would, I'm telling you. No, I swear she was still like hams and turkeys and like what All kind of stuff. She You was a fat girl. Her coat? No, I wasn't fat. You. How did she get a ham and a Turkey and your coat? Who coat you wore? No, I'm saying she tried to put it in my coat, but oh, I wouldn't do it. So she was putting it in her own coat. And my mama, I got home And I told my mama, my mama was like, you can't go to the store with her no more.


Because like every time she went to the store, she was stealing. How long ago was this? She tried to make me an accomplish. How long ago was this? It was years ago. How many years? I was a kid because the statue like 10 Plus. Oh the statute of limitations is still good on that. Gimme this hamburger's name. What? She's dead now. So Damn. I don Worst Thank she Lucky. Hello? Who's this? She Lucky she passed away because that was a, I can't, that was a evil. I can't tell you my name. We know it, It came up on call Id But go ahead tell us the story. No. So the craziest thing I ever did was my son was in the backseat of the car when I was trying to run over this dude that was talking to Damn, He was trying to commit a murder.


The heck he a homicide? No, no. I I I just wanted to hurt him a little bit. Just a little cat. Okay. Jesus Christ. What's your name? What's her name? No, I can't tell you my name. I can't tell you my name. I'm from the town is so small they gonna know And I don't need no messages on Facebook. Well we already have the name of where you, we have and I'm reporting it to the authorities right now. I'm not joking. No, the statute of limitations is over. Alright. The statute of limitations is up. It was like 10 years ago That, that don't mean the statute of limitations up. Just know everybody that called up here today. When y'all get a little knock on y'all door, our phone call from local authorities. It was Uncle Shawla, but I did it for us.


You know what, you know what's so funny? Before we get to the moral Black people are hilarious 'cause they are quick to say the statue of limitations is not up. You don't even know the statue of limitations. Don't, you don't even know the statue limitations. You don't even know all the the people that called in hair was black. You just assumed that you freaking racist that First Lady. No, the first lady was definitely Latino cocaine. Cocaine crack head. Yeah, she wasn't. Yeah she was. She was white But everybody was black. You are freaking racist. I'm racist. Yes. How dare you Just say all of these people that called in here was black. It's a black Station. That's crazy. That Don't mean nothing. You ain't even black and you work here. I'm black. The first thing, and you can't say I'm racist when you're talking about Jess's husband talking about all he do Is cut grass. That's racist. Yeah. And trim hedges and all that. But the first Thing what I didn't even, he's a hardworking Man was on meth. But you are a clown. You try to insert the Mexican is you?


I Did not. No I did not. Talking about Doing the lawn and all that. Like yes. You been thinking about that this morning? Oh, we know you talking about Cinco de Mayo and all that because it was Cinco de Mayo, tequila. Tequila and it was Sinko Mayo Clown. This is crazy. The racism that exists at this station. Oh man. And amongst this host. Now I see what the people be complaining about. Whatever, whatever. What's the moral Of the story? There is no more than the story. Y'all going to jail today? That's the moral of the story. The moral of the story is Charlamagne got Carrie on Liam s unanimous from Spartanburg. Crystal. Big girl. Low. Low is on my side because we turning into hamburger. Okay. Oh God. Alright. Alright. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren la. Sometimes facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. All righty y'all, we gotta celebrate Jesse Port our shots. Period. Charlemagne is in the news again. Oh My God. So Charlemagne the guide. Just a variety. A variety. Article dropped yesterday that you will be working featured In a drag.


Nevermind. In a what He what In what? Huh? Featured in the drag ball. Oh wait. Yamo Emini y Charlemagne The Girls. But go ahead. Go ahead. So Charlemagne, the God and John Wick, producer Basel. I do not. Ironic. Basil. Ironic. And you guys, new company Southland Stories is set to do your first project. It's a film with Jonathan Majors called True Threats. Yep. Drop a bomb for Charlamagne. Dope. Dope, dope. Moca Menace The World. Okay, that's what's up. That's it. Period. So Emini here, I was gonna read the article, but tell us a bit about it.


You gotta read the article. Okay. So a production company that focuses on Southern Voices, which is Southland Stories. Euro production company has its first project and it's called True Threat. This is a revenge thriller starring Jonathan Majors. Yep. It's scheduled to begin production this summer. It's one of several films in the pipeline of Southland Stories as you guys start to ramp up your output. Now it's gonna be directed and written by Jared McMurray and produced by Gerard. Look to Gerard, sorry. Gerrod McMurray. And produced by Alex Alexis Garcia of Cat five. Now true threat follows A special Forces is operative out of vengeance. Who's out for vengeance after his teenage son is killed by gang members.


The movie is among Major's. First roles. Jonathan Major's first role since he was convicted in 2023. Ah, we Don't have to talk About that. It was in the article. I was reading the article. Yes. Read the article. Nah, nah, nah. I don't read the whole article. I Think that's Well Congratulations. Drop a Bomb for Yes. Nice. I think it's dope though. I think it's dope that, 'cause when Magazine Dreams hit, he did an amazing and a phenomenal job in that movie. Yes, did. But I feel like it came and it went And I don't know why. I hope that maybe this one is the one that doesn't come and go because he deserves To be able to, and this is gonna be a, this is a full cast. Like this is an action, action thriller. But it's, it's a, it's a full cast of characters. Dope. He's just the lead character. We can't get another name. Oh, I love That.


So kind of like a universe. Kind of like a universe. You putting yourself in a movie. No. No. What Mo minutes ain't popping out. You would Be great. You would be great. No, no. You before in a, in a movie. Yes. That was a long time ago. I was in RideAlong. Yeah. Are you putting other people in the movie? I'm asking for a friend. Yeah. People who audition and you know, if you audition and get casted, I asked You for 48 hours to let me audition. What About wig? Have you seen yourself? Listen, what happened? You said nothing. Ooh, wig. You know what? Like listen. Any wick Excuse me. There'll be, I wanna talk to you. There'll be, there'll be an audition process. I'm sure. Excuse me. Yes. You know what? You in that little sassy waist today. I just can't, it's been a lot coming from over there today. And I don't know if it, what, what's going on?


It's your time to my girl. What is happening? What Happened here? What happened? What is the problem? Just get your sister. Okay. The girls in the house are upset. I don't even Understand what's going on. Congrat. Congratulations. Thank you. Yes. And you talk, you talk a lot about how stories from the South have so much that need to be discovered. Yeah. Stories from the south, you know, black folklore, you know, black mythology. There's a lot of different things that Hollywood has not seen. I feel like all the original IP that Hollywood is missing is going, you know, come from the South. It's gonna come from black mythology, it's gonna come from black folklore. Well, speaking of other, you know, black, if You ever heard of, you know, I don't wanna dig away too much, but you'll see when the movie comes out.


Give us a little something. You gave them an exclusive. No, I didn't actually. Okay. Yes. Well, speaking of black folklore and, you know, that whole genre centers, remember there was the articles that come, came out that the area, the small Mississippi town where centers focused on didn't have a movie theater, so they couldn't really go and see the movie. Yes. Well that is all about to change because Clarksdale, which is a town of about 15,000 people, hasn't had a movie theater for years. But, But they shot the movie there, right? Yes. Okay. The closest movie theater is an hour travel to Memphis, Tennessee, Jesus. Yeah. And so that, and you know, that's, that's just a lot of money and a lot of time for a lot of people that live there.


But the mayor, his name is Chuck Espy, he told TMZ that the city has been in talks with Warner Brothers. And a special event is gonna actually take place so that everyone who wants to see the film on the big screen will finally have a chance to do it right there in their hometown. There's been a few days that have been to Tossed up, but they're leaning towards Juneteenth, which I think is fire. I should do a driving movie there. That'd be dope. That's so long for this. It'll be under the stars. Got it. On Fire Stick by then. It's happening under the stars at the football field. If they haven't seen it, it'll on at Clarksdale High School. Yeah, It'll be on a planes. It'll be bootleg By then. Yeah. Juneteenth, can you hear me? My phone Emini here. Juneteenth is next month. Where phone. I know, but that's like more weeks and weeks and weeks and then that's like six weeks, five weeks. All types of spoilers are gonna be online by then.


Like come on. But you gonna just appreciate seeing it in your hometown 'cause you come have Oh No, I'm definitely not negating the fact that, you know, like they're gonna see it For sure. But I'm sure Ryan and Michael, them didn't just tell Warner Brothers Go set up a drive through. Yeah. For the premiere or, you know. Well, we don't, during earlier weeks of it being premiered, We don't know who was behind the conversation with Warner Brothers. We just know that they're in conversation with Warner Brothers. And as we wrap up, I just wanna say there is that video circulating of allegedly young in ma busting. Oh my God. What door in Boston? Allegedly it, it, people were reporting that it was her. She's so strong. I reached out to a YA rep from Young in MA's team that is a hundred percent not young in Ma. She has not visited Boston In the last, do y'all think Boston look alike? And that's, that's what's messed Up about they say any website.


This is some form of racism Or social media platform. Suggesting otherwise is not only misinformed, but also acting with bla blatant irresponsibility. Wow. And a complete lack of due diligence. So You Say Young in May, stunt double running around Hand. Yeah. So now you could take that one And I could get the wrong, the story Was crazy though. I Freak The Story was crazy though. They try Be gay a little bit. What? Now? Now I will say though, the only place I saw a reported was Double XL and Double XL asked a question, the headline says, is this young ma caught on video hurling an object through a bar door and shattering glass everywhere. I knew that wasn't young Ma. When I saw that deal though, go through that door and that D Don't break that Glass. Glass. That was that Dildo. No. Oh, You know what I like Young man wouldn't be acting like this.


And the way the glass shattered. And who would be throwing a dildo through a glass dog? That's the latest with Orange. Absolutely. S that Mighty Stu. Captain Stud Black. Alright, that's the latest with Orange Spider. Stu is up next. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta a salute to Just Nash for joining us this morning. Her new comedy Special Self Serve. Yes. Niche. Oh, I say just n, sorry. Niche. Her new comedy Special Self-Serve is out now on Prime video. And congratulations. She got proposed to Today. Yes she did. So she is now a fiance.


She is now engaged. That's right. I was so happy for her. Congratulations. Yes, Lucy. Dion. Man, I'm glad that he planned that out. You know, it's, it's interesting, right? Like, I don't know, public proposals or private proposals. What do people prefer? I thought before I got proposed to that, I really just wanted a big, big, big event made of it. Like I wanted like angels hanging from the ceiling. Like on some toddler party-ish, to be honest with you. But then it was like, I loved the fact that it was intimate. It was on Christmas. Chris included my kids and my, my dad was there, his mom was there. I loved it. Dope. I loved how he did it and everything. And you know, like you said, you, you really don't know how how to feel until you get into those situations. And it don't always go the way you plan.


In my mind. I'm like, I'm gonna be at a big event. I'm gonna do, you know, but he did it on Christmas. I thought that was really nice. Good. Because I don't mind it either way. I just want guys to know that you don't have to do a big grandiose public proposal. It's about you and that woman. That's right. Yes. You know what, Emini here. Yes, that's right. It was dope. Definitely. You know, they definitely gonna remember that forever. But you know, it's more important than the engagement, the marriage you gotta follow through. Most Definitely. Most definitely. But you know what I noticed about just Nish? Not Nash. I noticed that she, when y'all was asking her questions about him, she was real guarded. I could tell she wants to like protect whatever that is. That's right. Not whatever that is. I'm sorry. That's right. Protect her relationship. Like she wasn't real quick to put it on front street.


She didn't want y'all in her business with it. She's trying to protect it. She really all about her business. So I thought that was dope that we was a part of that. But I would never, ever wanna be proposed to in front of y'all two clowns. I'm not ever gonna lie about it. Never in life would I ever want somebody come up here And Propose to me in front of Y'all because you got NV yelling out. He's on his knees. Let's hear it. Let's hear like, yo, like what was this about? He just had a flashback of hosting a Diddy party. Listen. Oh, as he gets on his knees right here, right here, right here, right now. Jesus. Courageous. I was trying to describe to the people who could actually hear it getting know what's going on. Whatever he got on one Knee.


You're right. You was so excited when you seen that nigga Neil. Oh, Brian ain't know what the, I was like, god damn. Oh, as he gets on knees, like I miss this right here. I miss this. This is what I miss about the game. I gotta go to human resources. 'cause y'all, y'all just do too much for what y'all do. Too much. Mm. Y'all trying to make me gay. Trying to make you, we trying to remind you of who you are and give you the freedom to come out and be who you were. Justin to beat you. Little queen from Queens and June coming up. What does June mean coming? What that mean? June coming up Pride. Pride is in Jew. Yes. Oh, I don't know. Is Your pink Grew There because he not sure. I don't know. I just know that all of Download guys try to act like they don't know when Pride Month is.


I don didn't know. I didn't know. What are you doing in this bar on Pride month? During Pride month? Okay. All of these L-G-B-T-Q flags around you. Oh, I didn't know You got so Can I blow it out? Hate, hate. Yeah. The positive out. Listen, the positive note is simply this man, the most underrated glow up in The World is emotional intelligence. When you stop reacting to everything, you stop needing validation and start protecting your peace. Your whole life changes. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches finish. Or y'all done


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mis and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted. The old s sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.