
Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back, and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning, usa. Yo Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess is out. What up Lauren LaRosa. Good morning y'all. Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the planet. It is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's Right. Good morning. Hopefully you had a great weekend. How was your weekend? Oh, mine. My weekend was great. I chilled with family. I just, yeah, I didn't do, I didn't work. Good work. Not all the way you chilled. Yeah, I chilled. I had a Curry weekend. Yeah, I had a very busy weekend. It started off on Friday night date night with the wife. I took out to see Vibes Cartel.


Oh, You was in the mix. What? What Now the Barclays, which is located in Brooklyn is where the Brooklyn Nets play. Where the Liberty plays. It usually takes you about an hour to get there from the crib. Right. Friday night took me every bit of two hours and 45 minutes to get there. It was so many people out there. Was it Worth it? It looked like it. Well, you know what it is. So, you know, of course it was worth it. I had a great time. I don't know every single record, but my wife is part Jamaican, so that is her thing. So she rocked out the whole night. But when Emini here, they turned Brooklyn into like Jamaica. Jamaica. They had like the the jerk chicken trucks outside of pc in PC and Riches. They had the jerk chicken trucks outside the library.


They had the jerk chicken trucks everywhere. You think people in Houston know what the hell you talking about. Could you be a little bit more descriptive? But what part, I don know what you talking about. I just said Vibes, cartels concert. They don't Know what PC Richards is at. They don't know what you, well, PC Richards Is a place that sell electronics. They don't sell, they don't sell PC Richards downtown. I don't know. I don know, he don't know, but they, it's an electric spot. So they had jerk chicken spots everywhere. So that was amazing. He brought out Busta Rhymes on Friday. He brought out Buju Bonton on Friday. So an amazing show. Great, great, great great show. And then Saturday, the professional soccer team that plays New York City that took my son to the game and he was able to start the game. You know how in, in each city you could push a button and start the game, you ring the bell or something like that. So he was able to push the button to start the game. So it was a big family fun weekend.


So salute the Vibes cartel in the New York City Football club for having us. Had a great time, great time this weekend, Sal, to everybody I saw in Baltimore, man, I was in Baltimore, Maryland all weekend Justice, justice hometown for my daughter's cheerleading competition. And right now I'm wearing a hoodie from Nick's Fish house. Okay. Okay. Nick's fish house is a spot I went to in Baltimore. It Was that good. You Took the merch with you? Well, you know what, they showed me a lot of love salute, Carly. You know, you know when you be out of town, you know you might hit people up and ask them where to go or you might go on Google, you see where the best restaurants are. And I just went on Google and you know, Nick's Fish House came up And I just went there just to go eat. And the the owner there, Carly man dropping Aon for Carly, she wasn't even there.


But when she heard I was there, she, they, they showed a lot of love to, to me and my family. So thank you Carly and thank you everybody at Nick's fish house and they gave me this hoodie to wear. Oh. So, so when people gimme me merch to wear, you know what Emini here I wanna support. So yeah, I wore it. That's right. So suit to Nick's fish house. Yeah. Well today on the show, Mel Robbins will be joining us. Oh My God. I love Mel Robbins dropping a Clues Bombs for Mel Robbins. I just did her podcast last week, the Mel Robbins podcast, one of the number one podcasts in the country. And you know, she has a great book out right now that I've been telling everybody is a must read if you have not read the Let Them Theory. If you've not listened to the Let Them Theory, you need to, it's described as a life-changing tool that millions of people can't stop talking about. And I guess I'm one of those millions of people.


That's Right. So we're gonna pick kicking it with Mel Robbins and a little bit, and then we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along LaRosa filling in for Jess. You know what else I realized about Baltimore? What? And I wish Jess was here to talk about this. They really do call everybody shorty in Baltimore. The guys even be calling. That's your first rodeo. Baltimore people. I ain't never heard. Maybe I ain't never paid no attention. But when a man call you shorty, that's the little, and They say it like suspect ORDY yo shorty For Charlotte. What up Uncle Charlotte up shorty. Like We thought he was talking about his height. I didn't know what he Was talking about. They say that like how we Just say like, yo, like it's just like their thing.


Oh well Baltimore Man called another man shorty. But they don't say it like shorty. It's like shorty, it's like I don't care. Sure. Actually We got, I's getting some front page news now. April 19th, the NBA playoffs be begin. I don't know what team you rooting for. It looks like Cleveland looks pretty good and so does OKC, but I'm going for the Knicks. See is what it is. All right, what up Morgan? Hey y'all. What up Sean? What up Lord, what up Demi? That's usually what it's, you know the Baltimore League definitely. And I, I don't know that you put A-A-T-Y-A-D-Y on. It's usually, which is like short for shorty or little, but you know, I'm not gonna get too much into that. Jessica, speak more to that later. First step on front page.


President Trump is said to be in excellent health. Following his annual checkup on Friday. White House physician Sean Barbell described Trump's neurological condition as robust in a memo released on Sunday. Overall, it said the 78-year-old commander-in-chief was found to be in excellent cognitive and physical health. Barbell noted that Trump is six foot three and weighs 224 pounds. He concluded by saying the president is fully fit to execute his duties in office. And the president actually spoke to reporters on Sunday aboard Air Force one. And here's what he had to say in regards to his checkup. Let's take a listen. The numbers were perfect And I took a cognitive exam And I would challenge anybody here to beat those marks because I have a perfect Mark.


Were you impressed by that? Are you impressed by that? Alright, so the president is good in good health. So the White House press, excuse me, white House physician says in other news, let's talk tariffs. A top advisor to President Trump says the administration's tariffs are working. Appearing on NBC's Meet the press. Peter Navarro pushed back against concerns the White House didn't have a plan for implementing tariffs saying they were issued with a specific goal in mind. Let's take a listen to what that goal is, Peter Navarro. So that's what we set. Knowing full well, knowing full well that a lot of countries would come right to us and want to bargain. We've got 90 deals in 90 days possibly pending.


Yeah. So we insisted the tariffs are working as designed as, and have already pushed many countries to come to the negotiating table when it comes to the us. Now Navarro went on to say the Trump administration is working to fix unfair trading practices that keep us goods out of foreign markets. Navarro also insisted relationships. His relationship with Elon Musk is great, despite the fact that they have have, you know, had that little exchange before where he called Musk, or where Musk called him a moron on the other side of the aisle. Senator Elizabeth Warren says, president Trump's tariffs are hurting the US economy. She made those comments on CNN's State of the Union saying the uncertainty around how the tariffs will be enforced is stopping companies from actually making investments in this country.


Let's take a listen to Senator Elizabeth Warren. Investors will not invest in the United States when Donald Trump is playing red light, green light with tariffs. And it's entirely appropriate to have an investigation to make sure that Donald Trump, Donald Trump's family, Donald Trump's inner circle didn't get advance information and trade on that information. So Warren, who serves on the Senate banking Committee, also renewed calls for an investigation, as you heard in the audio, into possible insider training saying Trump may have committed a crime by telling allies to buy stocks shortly before announcing the tariff pause.


Any announcement caused stock prices to improve drastically, or excuse me, to improve dramatically after days of losses. Donald Donald Trump Cannot commit crimes, he has presidential immunity. All he has to do is say that it was some type of official act and the Supreme Court will say, Hey, it wasn't a crime that he committed. Why do we keep acting like we forgot that he got granted presidential immunity? I don't know. The Supreme Court is seeming to take case by case. So we see, oh, Please love Morgan. So the tariffs Working or not. 'cause you know, one side they say they're working on the other side, they say they're not. But you know, numbers are everything. Are they working? So when it comes to the numbers Emini here, prices are up for us right now. But you know, that's the whole point is that supposedly these countries are gonna be coming to the negotiating table to make sure that trade is more fair in, in the, the United, United States as well as wherever these countries are abroad.


But the whole thing is supposedly we're, we are not gonna know until about 90 days. But then again he put the 90 day pause. So it's hard to tell to be honest, you know, we'll see. It's a, it's a waiting we'll see type of situation that we're in right now regarding tariffs. And also Morgan, I know you probably gonna talk about it next hour, but you know the Supreme Court told Donald Trump to do something last week, which is bringing the, the brother back from Maryland. Yep. And they told the Supreme Court SMD Well well I think that Trump Administration told the Supreme Court SMD That's what they said at first. But you know, in true Trump fashion he has changed his, changed his mind. And let's if there's an update on that. Alright, We'll do that next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good, good morning DJ Envy. What's going on bro? This is Jersey. What up Yusuf? Get it off your chest brother. Well, just one. I wanted to call win. Just give you some love. You know, I show you, you posted the pictures of you and your son as a stocking match or whatever and you always doing that.


You know, I really love seeing Black sponsor who Gee got over their kids. You know, enough of us don't do that. And you know, I I I myself having to be the father of the three best sons in The World, I feel like every father should feel that way about his, about his son and his daughters. I know how Charlemagne all was spending time with his daughters. You know, everything. They took it. They said that going on. You guys never ever put your family second. And I love and appreciate that Charlamagne. Yes sir. You brother. Thank you. Peace, my brother. How are you? Peace King. What's the word? I was, you know, I was vibing. I was, I was out there, you know, I I had my eyes peeled.


I never saw that. My brother, you know we had a conversation on Friday, we had conversation about you watching my trailer, sir. Oh Shoot. No, I didn't get a chance to watch it this weekend. Yes sir. Yes sir. It missed the show money on Instagram Tag. You tag me, tag me in it real quick on IG so I can find it real quick. I I can't, I Okay, hold on. Tag you right now. Yeah, my Instagram is C of God. C-T-H-A-G-O-D I Don no problem. I follow you. I know, I, I know what you come on, but I, I tagged you like this weekend And I was just doing a shout out for those who don't know so I can get some new followers, that's all. Okay. So what I'm gonna do is, I'ma, I'm I'm, I'm gonna tag you right now, but listen, shout to me. All I want to do is pitch to one of your people. I know you too busy a lot going on when you see it, you know what I'm saying?


I'm gonna tell you right now though. But DJ Envy. Yes sir. Bro, I really, really, really want to know that. I really appreciate how you out here with the kids or whatever and how you, especially these young fathers, how you can be having all this going on at the end of the day, dad is your number one job, bro. Big up on that. Absolutely. Have a great time doing it too. Thank you brother. Now 1, 1, 1 last thing and we release Navi. I don't know what that means, sir. You know what that Means? I don't know what that means. Happy birthday to you too, sir. Oh, Lauren is there long. What's up Lauren? Hey, Good morning. Good Morning. And listen, they be listen, they be owing you. I don't like that shit. Don't say they be jumping you. Listen, listen. Your time is your time. And listen, you don't want Mr.


Right now. You want Mr. Wright? Mm, Thank you. You know what, Emini here, you know, I I appreciate that. But Charlamagne, yes sir. I, I, We gotta go. You K, pasta. Pasta. K pasta. Appreciate you. You see Amy, Why you ain't letting me say period? You had to come on City girl because you was, You was letting him go. He just keep Going. I was trying to hear what he was saying. Damn Jesus. So mad when I'm getting some love. Hello? Who's this? This is Van Blow. Van Blo. What's up? Get it off your chest. Hey, I Just wanted to give You'all a shout out real quick. Good morning, happy Monday. And I just kind of want to touch on those tars that you alluded to earlier with Donald Trump. I think it's important right now for what he's doing because a lot of people are, you know, worried about the short term prices increasing and things like that.


But you're basically in bed with the enemy. And if you ask anybody with common sense, if it's okay to be in bed with the enemy, most people will tell you no. And the tariffs against all countries are basically to avoid China from sending their products to those countries to exploit a free trade agreement with those countries. Listen, I hope that the long term, I hope there is a long term plan to this And I hope it does work out. I'm not sitting here rooting against it. But you know, when we talk about, you know, for the moment, people having some pain, you do realize those moments can kill people, right? Like people really can't afford to live. Like that's just effect. There's a great, I don't know if y'all watched Black Mirror, but I watched the episode of Black Mirror yesterday that Tracy Ellis Ross is in.


Is that the one that Issa Rae was just into? Well, Issa Rae's not in that episode, but because it's an anthology series. But Tracy Ellis Ross is in it. And it's literally a episode about how a person, about how a, a couple cannot afford to live that. I'm not gonna tell you no more than that, but that's literally what it's about. Some people cannot afford to live and they have to make a choice on whether or not to stay alive or die simply 'cause they can't afford to live. Well Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char man. Dany, what up are we live? Is your time to get it off your chest? I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool.


We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now. He'll tell you what. It's We live. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Chris. Chris, what up? Get it off your chest, Man. I want to pick up Vibes Cartel man. He came, did his thing in Brooklyn, man. That, that was nice man. I live in Florida though, but man, I'm Jamaican. And just to see that that's, that's big for the culture, man. Oh, you didn't go to the show? You just, you just checking in. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, because that's big man. You know what I'm saying? Jamaican and just for the dance hall community, man, that's big. You know what I'm, everybody came together, no incidents, no problems. It was a great show. He's gonna be out there soon I think. Yeah, he's got a Miami concert. Yeah, He got a Miami concert in Fort Lauderdale concert coming up. So you definitely gotta check that. Yeah, Yeah, for sure.


Man. Big up the vibe. Actually. It's April, no May 17th, he'll be in Sunrise, Florida. Yeah. So definitely check him out. Great show. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is Shaa. Hey Shaa. Get it off your chest. So this is a request for trauma. I'm requesting that you stop giving black people Donkey of the Day. That's impossible. That would be, that would be discrimination. Black Donkey today does not discriminate. Exactly. But that's what we do now. We've gotten rid of de And I practices, so let's stop giving black people Donkey of the Day Bl don that that would be stupid. Donkey today does not discriminate. Black people get donkey, white people get donkey, Asians get donkey.


That's why we do guess what race it is. Like, no. Yeah. And I feel, I feel like it shines a very negative spotlight on black people. We've already got enough negativity on us. Why do we have to spread? Well, not we, but why do you have to spread the love and give it to different races when there's enough foolery going on amongst other communities? The fact that you even, here's the thing, right? Are you gonna stop talking about black people period. When you, when, when, when you see a trending topic and is somebody, you know, getting jumped on social media for whatever, are you gonna not chime in? Well, I really don't chime me in any way. Oh, you Really don't. No, you have to stop, period.


That means that if you want me to stop giving black people donkey today, then you can't ever speak ill about black people in any way, shape or form. Even if they do something stupid that don't make no sense. Right. I don't, I don't do it on, no, I don't do that online. Yeah, I, I don't speak negative about black people. I don't think it's, And I don't think it's speaking negative to state the obvious. And, and please don't make, don't make donkey today a race thing. Okay. Donkey today is about giving people the credit they deserve for being stupid. Well, thank you Shay. Hello, who's this? Hey, it's Nicole calling from the 8 4 3. Hey Nicole. Hey, what part of the 8, 4 3 you calling from? I'm from Georgetown, but I'm leaving most calling telling me. Hey, What you got? You got a little, you got a little boo out there. Don't Do that. I got a little job up there.


Oh, Little job. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. So good morning guys. Good Morning. Good morning Iny. Good morning Lauren. Good morning. I wanna congratulate you on your book and give John cake plus a sophisticated version. I like it for you. She said what? Oh, thank you. I Lauren, you know John and Kate plus eight Charlamagne did. Oh, you talking about, I thought you talking about Lord. I was like huh. The book comes out. The book comes out tomorrow. Real life real family. But thank you. Have you got it yet? Well, have you ordered it? Pre-ordered? I got the other one so I am going get this Next one. Okay. You got real life, real love. I got Charlamagne books too. I did wanna say congratulations on your podcast. I love you. I love that for you.


And I wanted to mention when you was on Call King and he, you said you wanted to know like why you were so important and he said it is your time. That's why you're here. It is your season. And I want you to bask in that. Oh, thank you. And you're welcome Charlamagne. Yes ma'am. I called a few months ago. I called right before Christmas And I told you guys that you know, my mom, my sister and my brother had died all within four months. I forgot to mention that I went to therapy and you were the reason why I went to therapy. Oh dope. Oh man, that's dope. I'm glad that you still in there or you just went for a little bit. The insurance ran out. So I'm not in there anymore, but I will go back. Well, listen, go to mental wealth alliance.org.


That's my, that's my, that's my mental health nonprofit. And you know, we have opportunities for you to receive like free therapy and free grief, grief counseling. Okay, I'll do that. Yeah, go to mental wealth alliance.org. All right. I hope you guys have a great week. You too. You too Mama. Sending you nothing but positive energy, love, and light. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do. Y'all done started some trouble. There was already trouble here, but y'all done stirred the pot. Who, what? 50 Cent in Ja Rule Girl, That time oiling hot. Y'all reheated. Y'all reheated it for the gas. No we did Not. It never cooled off. Anybody that thinks it cooled off ain't paying attention. Or you must be 12. We gonna talk about it.


All right. That's like Tom and Jerry. That beef is up forever. Forever. I had to mute my tweets. I tweeted like, is this gonna go on forever? I had to mute the Tweets. Yes it is. Oh, you don't know your history? None. I do. No. We'll talk about it. We'll get into it, y'all save it. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Good Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So Ja Rule and 50 Cent are Gone. Well, I would say back and forth, but 50 Cent hasn't fully responded to Ja Rule yet. But he did respond to the fact that Ja Rule was on The Breakfast Club. And we had a conversation with him about 50 and a few things. Let's take a listen to Ja Rule and The Breakfast Club. You know, I see some of the things that he gets involved in is this fuse on something like my curl up, my know what I'm saying? Like when I see the things that he does and you know, he did the Irv smoking or nothing, you know, I'm like, How did you feel about that? You Saw it. Of course nobody likes all this goofy shit, but it's goofy shit. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, I'm not Preme said it best 'cause I was hot, you know what I'm saying?


I was hot. I, I was, I was ready to go Nuclear. And I, you know, I said, so I spoke to pre anyway and Preme said, yo, he said, he said, you know, rule, he said, here's what you gotta understand about who we are and what we are. He said, we are masters of self-defense. I said, 'cause I'm not, I'm I'm, I don't want to start trouble, make trouble with people, but if we gotta get into it, make it, oh I'll, I'll end it. I'll put it to where it go. I'll take it to the next. You know, so that's why I'm like, you know what that is the, the, the best description of what I am and who I am as a man that I could ever think about. Yeah. So after the video started to make the rounds, 50 Cent posted to his Instagram and then deleted it. It was a screenshot of Ja Rule sitting in the seat here at The Breakfast Club and a caption said The Breakfast Club should be ashamed of themselves asking questions that perpetuate violence.


This fool has been getting ready to go what he calls nuclear for 22 years. Laugh out loud your man and my runts right now. So after this, What is Runts Blunt Raps, right? Yeah. It's like, you know, I be the the, the Yans be like smoking on your homie that, so then Ja Rule got on Twitter or X and decided to respond. He said he had a day off from tour. So he had time and then he just started going off. So he told 50 that until 50 does something to the people that shot him. He can't troll no more. Go handle your business like a champ. He told him the SMD, he called him a the B word. He said he already ate your, he already ate his lunch. So shut up.


They, someone said, somebody responded to Ja Rule and said, just admit that you watch Power LMAO. Like calling him a fan. Ja Rule said never seen one episode. He's solid over where he is. He told 50 from now on, his name is Boo Boo. And that's what they used to call because that's what they used to call him on the streets. But really it was Boo Boo the Fool. He says that 50 Cent is from the streets from Brooklyn. You boo boo from Queens. He says he caught 50 and a used car salesman. He brought up the fact that he used to be a used car salesman. Everything you do is trash. Not one good music, one good album after that. Trash, trash TV shows, trash, everything. Some of these tweets is not really tweeting.


He says that he's gonna make he just look, he said 50 Cent of garbage that he's trash. And people, people were responding to that like now you know that ain't true. You know, he done have some good music and has some hits and yeah, so he's just been going off on Twitter. 50 has not responded to this yet, but I'm sure he probably might. But he did delete that first tweet Emini here, that first Instagram post. It Tickles me to watch the new generation, you know, be intrigued by this. Like we've been watching this forever. This is Cowboys versus Redskins. This is Lakers versus Celtic. It's been going off Duke versus North Carolina 20, 30 years. This is the Hatfield versus McCoys. That's what Ja rule and 50 Cent on. And it'll never end. It is never gonna end. There'll be 99 with Canes going at each other. This never end hit each other with wheelchairs.


Yeah, this is this this never end like it's a beef that will never end. And I understand it.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Yeah. If you know the history between them, you will completely understand. Correct. And I ain't got time to sit here and give y'all no history lessons. Okay. Ja Rule started posting paperwork, calling 50 Cent a rat. Like it, it was going and going and going and going. I tweeted, I'm like y'all, I love both of them. Why kick this just in? Oh, I had to mute my tweet. The way the people were like, we don't want it to end and it's not gonna, I'm Like, well it nah, this'll never end. It's not going to end. Like I said, there'll be 99 in wheelchairs and and canes going at each other. It is this inevitable. Yeah, well And from fi and from nevermind I was go nevermind. It Don't even matter none of your business. It is not just it, it's not, you know. Well, but, but if you go watch the interview all I'm gonna say from fifties perspective, when you feel like somebody tried to take everything from you.


Everything. Yeah. Not just livelihood, that it, just everything. Yeah. It's not going ever. It's up Forever. It's never, Well, speaking of going up, Gayle King is going to space today. So as long as weather permits today, Gayle King will be going up into space at 9:30 AM But it's not just Gayle King. This is actually the first all woman crew to lift off in nearly six decades. And they'll be going up via Blue Origin, which is owned by Elon Mu, I'm sorry. Which is owned by Jeff Bezos. Now in this flight you have Gayle King, Katie Perry, Lawrence Sanchez, who is the fiance of Jeff Bezos, Aisha Bo, Amanda Norwegian, and Carrie Ann Flynn.


So they'll be headed up at nine 30 and there will be a live stream that will be streaming this that I believe that live stream portal opens around like 8:00 AM on various places where you can watch them prior to and getting on and taking off. And they'll be up there for some time and then they'll come right back down. But Take up there for a minute or something like that. Yeah. But, but then they have to, before they go up though, it does have to be cleared, of course. Weather and all that stuff. So it's all depending. But I don't know about y'all, but I was thinking about this. The dad just asked Charla like, would y'all ever go to space? Nope. It's you before I would've, but now I got six kids. Nah, I'm all right. I ain't got no reason to be up there. I would Love that. But I, I've done done skydiving. I've done all types of stupid stuff before, but not now.


With the six kick down. I Saw something yesterday, I was reading this weekend about how they're building like a, a space hotel that's gonna be for like 400 guests and it's gonna have artificial gravity up there. And I'm like, I have no reason to be up there. I'm, you know, I'm cool. I, I like being on islands. I don't need to be in space. I don need to be on space. Hell, I need to be in space. I think it's just the, the excitement that say you experience it and to see what it is. And they'll actually unbuckle and float in the capsule for about four minutes while up there. Oh. So There longer than a minute. Well what? Yeah. I wish them the best of luck praying for Can't wait to hear about it. Yeah. You can even show me. Absolutely. I don't need to experience that. I can, you know, smart people learn from their own mistakes. Wives. People learn from the mistakes of others. Not saying that they're making a mistake. I'm just saying that I can learn and enjoy something watching somebody else do. Yeah. I'm fine watching them.


Yeah. Some people gotta walk and some people gotta sit down and watch. And I'm down to sit down and watch. I Sit down to sit down and watch. I ain't got no business being in space at all. What? But I wish him the best though. Me Too. I'm not a thrill seeker like that. Like life is, you know, hectic enough. I've, I used to be, like I said, I did the skydiving thing. I I don Didn't do that zip Line over the safari. I did so many To do. I'm not, it's so crazy. 'cause I used to be a flight attendant, but I would never do stuff like that. Did All that stupid stuff. No, I, I guess and plus I got it. I got, I deal with anxiety. Like I don't need to be scaring myself. Yeah. I don't even like gonna see horror movies. What the hell? I'm gonna pay somebody to scam me for people that go on rollercoasters For what? I will. Yeah. I'm a rollercoaster person. My God. You don't do rollercoasters either. Me either. Right. But that one jump outta plane was everything though.


I, I wouldn't do it again, but it was everything. Yep. Just free floating in the sky. Like Superman. Yeah. The wind hitting you and you just, just watching everything. It was beautiful. Hey man, I saw I do it again. That was all the thrill I needed. Okay. I had guns pulled on me after I needed, I don Pop up on you trying to beat you up. You know what I'm saying? You been through a lot over there. You don't need no more. And I deserve everything I got. I deserve it all. Period. You gonna be right here on the ground to to live it and fill it. That's Right. That's right. All We gonna be in space. Y'all figure That is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then author Mel s will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is here. Let's get in some front page news. Now you're NBA fan in the playoffs. Begin April 19th. All right, so April 19th they have the playing tournament and then playoffs. So begin. So good luck to the New York Knicks Outdoor. Alright, what up Morgan? Hey, what's up El? So earlier in the show we were talking about President Trump and the Supreme Court, right? So he said he will follow the Supreme Court order to return a Maryland man who was wrongfully deported. Now, last Thursday, the high court ruled that the government must facilitate the return of Kmar Abrigo Garcia, who was deported by accident last month to an El Salvador prison. Now, when asked about it on Air Force one on Friday, Trump said he respects the Supreme Court and that if the Supreme Court said bring somebody back, that he would do it.


Charmaine. So the State Department says the Maryland man who was wrongfully deported to El Salvador is alive and secure as officials initially wouldn't give his whereabouts on Saturday. But it was revealed that Garcia is being held in an El Salvador prison called the Terrorism Confinement Center. And later lawyers for Garcia are also asking the judge to hold the Justice Department in contempt for failing to return him to the us. So right now, what the judge, and this what's surrounding this case, basically is they are trying to facilitate his return, but they also said that that can't happen, you know, as immediate as the courts would like.


I saw that Friday, but 12 hours ago, the Trump administration contends it has no duty to return the illegally deported man to the US Trump be doing what he would. That was literally 12 hours ago. Listen, in the New York Times, I saw, I saw him say that Friday, but 12 hours ago they said something totally different. I was gonna say, and then on Saturday, this is what he said, that the man is alive and secure. I know that the court is, is, has ruled that he is supposed to provide, or the administration, excuse me. And the DOJ is supposed to provide daily updates to the court, to the judge in regards to Garcia, how they're facilitating getting him back. So I should have an update again for you tomorrow. I'm supposed to, based on what the court ruled. But you know, we will see again, we will see with Trump, we will see.


Switching gears to Pennsylvania, a man is in custody and will face attempted murder and arson charges following an early morning fire at the Pennsylvania Governor's mansion. According to the Pennsylvania state, police firefighters responded to the Harrisburg residence of Shapiro at about 2:00 AM. Now Josh Shapiro says his family was home at the time, but were able to escape unharmed. Governor Josh Shapiro also said, the violence needs to stop and this action will not deter him. Let's take a listen to his comments. This kind of violence is becoming far too common in our society, And I don't give a damn if it's coming from one particular side or the other. If this individual was trying to deter me from doing my job as your governor, rest assured I will find a way to work even harder than I was just yesterday.


Yes, Luther Governor Josh Shapiro, man, great governor, great human. I hate that happened to him and his family. And I don't understand how that happened. Like that's the governor's mansion. How did he even get on the property? Yeah. How did he even get close enough to the house to even set it on fire? That makes no sense. That's Scary. Shapiro did say that the, he went on to say that the attack was targeted, but a specific motive is not yet known. Pennsylvania State Police of course say that the investigation is ongoing and they believe it was an act of arson. So, again, I'll keep you posted as that story develops. Well, you know, keep, keep this in mind Governor Shapiro, the reason they're targeting you is because you are a threat. Salute to Governor Josh Shapiro. Like, you know, and, and it's a shame that, you know, in 2028, he'd be a prime candidate.


But the Democratic brand is so whack that he, it makes the great ones like Governor Josh Shapiro. You know, it stains them a little bit just 'cause the brand is so whack. Yeah. And Andy gotta fix his security. He gotta make sure his he, he's more secure Now, like you said, he's in the governor's mansion. There's no way in hell they should have got that close. So Right. They got him about the house, but it shouldn't have been on fire. Alright guys, and I just wanted to touch on this story. There is a story that's been developing. I've been watching this story, but I didn't wanna rush to report on it, And I just let some of the facts come out. There's been a developing story out of Texas following a stabbing death at a high school track. Meet Carmelo Anthony with a k no relation to the basketball player that I know of, was charged in a fatal stabbing of 17-year-old Austin Metcalf at a track meet about two weeks ago at Frisco's ISDs Memorial High School.


Now, his family announced on Saturday that they had hired a new attorney to represent Anthony. Anthony has no previous criminal history and isn't likely to be considered a flight risk since his family lives in Frisco. Now, local activist and spokesperson for Anthony addressed the media to clear up some rumors that this happened as a result of Metcalf bullying Anthony, and that the two knew each other prior to this incident, which is not true. Let's take a listen to a spokesperson. Dominique Alexander. The disinformation that is going online is hurting this case and it has to stop. It has to stop y'all as we know it right now.


Austin Metcalf and Carmela Anthony did not know each other. We, they did not know each other. Let's stop it. So for the Frisco murder suspect, Carmela Anthony, he has a bond reduction hearing scheduled for today. His attorney's plan to ask the court to reduce his bond to $1 million. Now, Metcalf was laid to rest over the weekend on Saturday. Let's take a listen to Austin Metcalf the father. He, he was, as he talks about his son, He stabbed my son in the heart and killed him. That's the extent of this. That's what it was over something so small, so trivial. He was a leader. He believed in God.


He was a great kid. Made me the proudest father in The World. That's horrible, man. Sad. So sad. Yeah. So of course I will keep you guys posted as to how this story develops. But again, as mentioned, there is a bond reduction hearing today, and there seems to be quite the support for the suspect. There has been a fundraiser of Give Sin Go has raised more than $285,000 in regards to support for his defense. So gifts and Go also has fundraisers for Kyle Rittenhouse and Daniel Penny. Just to give you guys some perspective on that. So it seems to be those who are supporting the what, what, what's the word I would use?


Less popular or those who just, just defense basically. I'll Just say. But yeah, so bringing things home to you guys in New York really quickly to wrap things up. The Central Park five, also known as the Exonerated five, got the green light from a federal judge on Thursday to move forward with a defamation lawsuit against President Trump. The five black and one Hispanic man were teenagers when they were arrested in 1989 for assault and rape of a white woman jogging in New York City Park. Trump took out a full page newspaper ad calling for the return of the, or of the death penalty following the incident. It of course took years before they were all eventually freed and exonerated and someone else confessed to the crime. And DNA evidence backed that up.


That didn't stop Trump from commenting on their case as recently as 2024, even going as far as falsely claiming the victim in the incident had been killed. So these guys are like, yeah, y'all not going, you not, you're not gonna do that to me. And they're going to move forward with that case in regards to a defamation lawsuit against President Trump. So we'll see what happens with that as well. But that's your front page news, y'all. Y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binnews.com. Happy Monday, let's make it a great week. Thank you, Morgan. Thank you. All right. Now when we come back, Mel Robbins will be joining us. She has a new book, the Let 'em Theory and we're gonna talk to her next.


So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Indeed. She's back. Ladies and Gentlemen. Indeed. Mel Robbins. Welcome. Hey, it's good to see you. How You feeling? Good morning. I feel great. How Are you doing? Blessed Black and highly favorite. This is your first time in this studio. Yes. You were here in 2021 when you had the High five theory. Yes. Yes. But now millions of books later. Number one podcast in The World right now. Yeah. Round of applause. Round of applause. Bad congratulations. 6-year-old woman. You know, Man, it it, it really feels like you've truly arrived.


What do you, what do you, what do you think, you know, the success? What's, what's made all this new success happen? Well, you know, it's not new success. Like what you're seeing is the result of 15 years of just boring, grueling, daily reps. Like, that's what nobody like wants to understand is that you can be successful, you can achieve anything you want. You just have to be patient. You have to get up out of bed every single day and put one foot in front of the other. You gotta be willing to do the things you don't feel like doing in the dark when nobody's watching, and when you think that it's not gonna happen for you. That is what it's about. It's about just consistent small moves. Being patient Emini here, there were so many times where I was just like, am I ever gonna get out of debt?


Wow. Is anyone ever gonna notice? Like, am I ever gonna get invited to The Breakfast Club? Like when of the, like, when is somebody going to notice I'm, I'm, this was your, your spot that you wanted? Well, no, but seriously, like, you kind of sit there because Emini here, every one of us have had those moments. Whether you're putting out music or you're starting a YouTube channel, or you started a business and it's so easy to look around at what everybody else is doing and think that you're losing some race in life. The real game is with yourself, right? Can you keep going? Can you say to yourself, and this is kinda how I would keep myself going in those moments, I would say, I ha I, I refuse to believe that this is how the story ends. Hmm. I believe that at some point, all of this work is going to pay off.


I don't have to know how. I have to believe that it will. And if it hasn't yet, it's not meant to yet. There's some lesson, there's something I'm being held for that I don't know what it is. But if I choose to believe in this moment that things are gonna get better, that things are gonna turn out for me, that all this hard work is gonna pay off, that trying to be a better person is gonna pay off. At some point I will look back on my life and say, oh, that's why it didn't happen. Then. Oh, that's why it took longer. Oh, that's why either you weren't ready or God, the universe was holding you for a different moment. And so, you know, a lot of people ask me, what is this moment about? I think it's about 15 years of ridiculously hard work becoming a better person.


I think it's about 15 years of just chipping away at getting outta debt and doing better in my marriage and being a better mother and getting control of my emotions and my mental health. Chipping away at building a business. And I truly believe that I was being held for this moment. Like this 1000% is my legacy. Well, let me ask you a question, Mel, you, you talk about the reps. Yep. For you, it worked out and, and successful and great. What about that person that is just not good, right? That rapper, that is not good. Like Yep. He's trying Yep. That podcast person that is doing the podcast. Yep. That is just not good. Like, and everybody thinks they're good, good to anybody. Yeah. Well, I don't, I see.


I don't believe that. And But when do you stop? 'cause when you, you are a 60-year-old rapper, like, you know what, Emini here, or Maybe why can't there be a 91, 90-year-old one? See maybe what the rapping is for is, maybe it's not about rapping. Maybe there is something that you're doing when you are rapping and nobody's coming that is teaching you a lesson about patience. Maybe what it's doing is teaching you to believe in yourself when nobody else does. And every time that you show up and nobody's there, every time you post a video on your YouTube channel that only your uncle and your son are, are subscribed to, every time you post, you're basically saying, you know what? Screw The World.


I believe in myself. I'm doing this for myself. And so for me, when you give the example of like the, the person who's a rapper who's just terrible, just ter, there's lots of people out there doing stuff. They're just terrible. What I love is that they felt called to do something. I don't care if they felt called to do it because they wanted to make more money. Emini here. Hell, I was working five, six jobs back, you know, 15 years ago when we were $800,000 in debt because I needed groceries on the table. I needed gas in the tank. And so motivation to be safe and to make money or because of your ambition, that's a beautiful thing. But at some point you're gonna go, I'm not that good at this. But I believe, and this is what I think is super cool about life. Absolutely. Every experience that you have in life is leading you somewhere.


Absolutely. And teaching you something. And I'm gonna, one of the reasons why I share so much about what I've learned and the mistakes that I've made, I'm like the villain in every book is because I'm stubborn. Like it takes a sledgehammer from the universe for me to wake the hell up and stop doing something. Like, I literally get so into my groove, whether it's drinking too much or taking my stress out on my kids or being a jealous, insecure friend, that things have to backfire for me to wake up and go, well guess I better try something different. Well, I wanna just set it up about the book, man. There are some books that I believe are must reads in life. The Let Them Theory by Mel Robinson has been added to that must read list. My wife got it for me a few weeks ago.


And the book is just essentially about how you have, how you have to stop wasting your life on things that you can't control. When did you get to that Revolution? Oh my God, it 54. I'm SLO learner, you know? And, and the funny thing is, is I'm married to the chillest dude on the planet Emini here. I'm married to a man who is not only Buddhist, he is a death doula. And like when you wanna talk about that's a person, wow. Yeah. That can just sit in stillness. I'm like a tornado of emotion. And so I've always wanted to let things go. I've always wanted to not care what people think. I've never known how And see when you're stressed or you're easily offended like I used to be or you have a lot going on, it is very hard to not get wrapped up in what other people are thinking and doing.


It's very hard to not let what your kids are going through stress you out. And so, you know, I've been trying to do this forever Emini here. This is not a new idea. The Serenity Prayer is the Let Them Theory. In fact, you know, I, I sat down with Dr. Martin Luther King ii and his wife Andrea, and they both said, we write about it in the Let Them Theory. They both reflect on the fact that this concept that you have to give up control in order to gain control, that your power is in your response. That this is part of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr's legacy. Because your response is what dictates who you are. It's not what's happening out there, it's how you respond to it with your thoughts and your actions and how you process your own emotions.


And so, I did not know this until I was 54 years old. And you know, for me personally, the power of these two words, because let them, we've all said let them in our lives a bazillion times. Emini here, there's a, there's a a, a sermon circulating that's 20 years old. TD Jakes doing this, let them sermon. So this is a concept that has been around since the beginning of time and that's why this has resonated. I'm not teaching you something new. I'm reminding you of what you already know to be true. You, and I'm handing you this tool so you can snap out of this crap where we're constantly worked up about what other people are doing to take our power back. Alright, We got more with Arthur Mel Robbins when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is here as well. We're still kicking it with Mel Robbins. Lauren, You, you talk about managing other people a lot and I've, I've never heard the term put like that, but you use it to basically talk about how we're we're so what you're talking about right now, we're worried about other people, but also too, I think it's expectations of other people that we're trying to, we're making decisions based around that a lot. When did you realize the, this whole scale of like managing other people and learning when The clock outta that job of trying to do that? Well, so what is gonna happen is this. So when you start using the Let Them Theory and it's so easy to use, the next time you're stressed out or annoyed or frustrated, and it's always with other people. Just say, let them, that's how you use it.


Let them, and you're gonna immediately feel peaceful. Your mom's in a bad mood. Let her be in a bad mood. Some old friend of yours is talking. Let 'em talk trash. Why you're not allowing it. When you say let them, you are reminding yourself, there's one thing in life I can't control. It's what other people say. Do believe, feel, and it's not my job to, so when you start saying let them, and you detach yourself from the responsibility of having to manage somebody else, something interesting happens. You realize, oh my God, I've lived my life in er reverse. I actually live my life giving time and energy trying to manage what other people think. I have kept myself in a major or in a relationship or in a situation because I'm afraid to disappoint my parents or my friends Emini here.


How many people keep drinking or like keep going out at night when what they really wanna do is launch a business. And so they don't take the weekends to work on the things that they wanna work on because they feel like they don't wanna disappoint their friends or people are gonna talk about 'em. That's you giving power to other people. Like another way that we give power to other people is we, you know, get so focused on the headlines that we gaslight ourselves into believing that you have no power, it's complete garbage. Of course you have power. And so when you start saying let them, it's sort of this revelation where you're like, oh my God, I spend so much time and energy worrying about other people. I spend so much time and energy letting them stress me Out. But is there a level of like, when that becomes easier versus harder?


Because like when you were just talking, I thought about Michelle Obama. Yes. And the podcast, one of the podcasts she did this week, she was talking about how she realized she was doing a lot for other people not thinking about herself. And she started making decisions for herself. So she's going places she wants to go and do things She wants to do. Yep. People don't Like that. And they don't, and they, and they think she's divorced because of it. Yeah. But it's like she's Michelle Obama. So it's hard for her to, like, the noise is so, it's, it's a lot louder for her. Well, Of course. But whether or not you pay attention to that is within your control. Whether or not you look at your phone and we're all guilty of it. Whether you are Michelle Obama or you're just going into your middle school, whether or not you give attention to the gossip, you look for the gossip, you mainline it, that is within your control.


If you say, I can never, ever, ever stop somebody from lying about me, from making up stuff about me from, you know, saying whatever they're gonna say. So why on earth would I spend any time and energy managing it? That's right. And then you go, let me, this is the second part of the theory. Once you say, let them, let them think negative thoughts. Let them make up all kinds of crap. Because if you know you're not getting divorced, what do you care about these idiots saying, what do I tell y'all about that? Let me remind myself that I know the truth. And when you know the truth about who you are, you don't think about other people. When you live your life in a way that makes you proud, you are, you don't think about other people. Mel, I tell him this, all the, He told me, you told me to read her book. And I was like, And I already had the book.


'cause I think Eddie had given it to us a minute ago. I was like, oh, I got the book. And, and and further You gotta, you gotta, it will change your damn. I'm I'm telling you, it will change your life because Yes. But you have to get to that stage, right? Yeah. Yes. Took it's a, it it took me, took a while to get to that stage. It took you a while to get to that stage. He think he was born that way. And I don't think that that's true. Took, no one Is born that way. No. I used a sociopath. So I've never truly cared. Right. But then even when I started to care, I realized things like the serenity prayer, little simple things that you saw sitting in your grandmother's house. You realize that is absolutely the truth. God grabbed me, the serenity to accept things I cannot change courage to change the things I can in the wisdom to know the difference. And the easiest way to let go of what you can't control is just realizing you never had control to begin with. And and here's another thing that's really important. This is why you're gonna love it, is that what'll start to happen when you say let them is it's not that you're allowing people to do bad things.


They're already doing bad things. You're recognizing that it's not your job to manage other people. 'cause this is a book that's about power and control and peace. Mm. Then you say, let me remind myself how I respond to things actually is where my power is. So do I give this any time and energy or not? Do I double down on just living my life in a way that makes me proud of myself, which is where your power is. And the thing that that also changed me dramatically is I couldn't believe how much stress I felt and how I was bracing all the time. Mm. And when you start to say, let them and you release that kind of obligation to make other people happy, or to make everybody know that you're not divorced or that everything's okay, you're like, just let them think whatever they wanna think and live your life in a way that makes you proud.


You're going to get all this time and energy back. And what I love about this is when you're less stressed and when you're not bracing all the time because you know your boss is narcissistic. So why on earth would you walk into work assuming that, that he is gonna be anything other than what it already has always been. Let them be who they are. I I love the managing stress chapter and in that chapter you say you can't control how other adults behave and stressing about it diminishes your power. Yep. You'll never reach the full potential of your life if you continue to allow stupid things or rule people to drain your life for. Can you explain? Yes. Yes. So the, the two most important resources that you have in life time energy, that's, that's what you got.


How you spend your time, where you put your energy, it actually determines your experience of life. And that's why I say, if you have this experience right now where you're exhausted and overwhelmed and nervous and you're not like feeling like you can ever have time for yourself or you're goals just aren't clicking, you're not the problem. The problem is all this time and energy you spend dealing with other people. And so let them is a boundary that you draw where you start to recognize, okay, I'm gonna let other people think and feel and do and have their opinions And I'm gonna let them be disappointed. I'm gonna let them misunderstand me. I I'm going to let me really take that time and energy back and pour it into working on myself and staying in my peace.


And what I found is that when I'm less stressed, which I am, because I'm not allowing stupid stuff or other people to stress me out, I'm actually a better person. I make more money because I can use my brain instead of being in fight or flight. I don't like vomit on my kids my emotions. Like I used to be the kind of person that would come in at, you know, after work and be yelling at everybody or mad at the dog for crying out loud. And then I'd be like, I'm sorry it was a bad day at work. Stressful day at work. What did dogs say back? You know, they kind of do this and then they come back and they're really nice because they, they literally dogs don't do, don't like punish you for that. And it's so sad that I used to leave the worst of me for the people I cared about the most and then blame it on the stress of the day.


That by the way, when you use the Let Them Theory, you have control over whether or not this stuff gets to you. Let me ask, let me do I I have a question. Yeah. In chapter five you say, let 'em think bad thoughts about you. Right. The question with that is when a lot of people sometimes, especially on social media, right? Yep. Nobody fax checks anymore. But that could affect your reputation. Yeah. That could affect your business. Yeah. That could affect the way that your, your kids' teachers look at you. Yep.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories.


Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you are in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com or Business that comes around of course.


So what do you do in those instances? Well, so here this is a very tricky question because you're talking about the PR and the media swirl. PR is a little bit different in personal. Like I think it's really important to understand who you are. Whether you're dealing with rumors at a middle school or you're dealing with rumors in your community or you've got somebody in your family trash talking you in order to repair your reputation, it is better to show than to tell, in my opinion, you prove the truth based on how you show up in life, not based on the words that come outta your mouth. And if there is somebody spreading things about you, the best way to handle it is to go directly to that person and to ask them about it.


Because those kind of people, the people that gossip about you, ultimately end up crumbling anyway. That's right. Because it always catches up with them. All right, we got more with Mel Robbins when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Mel Robbins, her new book, the Let Them Theory is out right now. Charlemagne, You, you know you were in the book, you talk about how you felt paralyzed by imposter syndrome, especially when you were teaching. Yeah. The the five second rule. I wonder what's changed since then. Like what gives you the confidence and authority now to feel like you can go out here and teach to let them Do? That's a great, great question. So you know how, well first of all, imposter syndrome is deeply misunderstood.


So imposter syndrome does not mean that you don't belong in the room you're in. Imposter syndrome means you actually want to be in the room you're in and there's skills or there's experience that you need to gain in order to dominate in that rule. Imposter syndrome is actually not self-doubt, it's ambition. And so Explain that a bit 'cause it's always been said the other way. Yeah. And so if you really think about it, if you walk into a room and you don't feel imposter syndrome, it's 'cause you don't wanna be in that room. You don't care what people think about you in that room. If you walk into a room and you feel a sense of imposter syndrome, it's because you care about what people think about you in that room. It means your ambition wants you to succeed in that room.


I was like, like yeah, push to stay sharp. Correct, because you're trying to, okay. And also like, hey, I want to actually succeed around people like this, which means what are the skills I need? And what I started to understand, And I think it explains a lot about why I am who I am, is that we're all the same. Everybody is dealing with the same stuff. Yes, it's easier if you have more money and more resources, but at the end of the day, everybody's got a family member that they're worried about. Everybody has ambition. They're not tapping into, everybody has a a things that they wanna pursue in their life and they're kind of letting themselves down a little bit. Everybody struggles with a little bit of uncertainty and anxiety at times. Everybody has hopes and dreams and feels a little discouraged and overwhelmed.


And when you start at a baseline that people would love to thrive and people thrive when they can. And if they can't, I believe it's because they're discouraged or there's some skill building or some experience or you know, some mentorship that's missing. That's it. But that you're built to thrive. And so when you really start at that baseline, like, you know, I make it a practice, by the way, this is, this is one thing that'll change your life when you go into a public bathroom. Two things. I always leave the space better than when I found it. I always, You clean up public background. Oh it depends now Mel, no, no, no. Literally like nasty. I literally, that's why I don't go into that stall. But okay, I I No just Hear Mel. That's to let them.


I gotta let I, well 'cause because if somebody like destroy, especially women, if somebody destroys a seat peas all over it and then they leave, that is a human being that is so disconnected from the interconnection of the human experience. You are leaving that for another person. And so making sure that you don't leave your mess for another person, making sure that you just kind of wipe down the counter. And then here's the second thing. If there is a human being cleaning that bathroom, please look in the AI and say thank you All the time. All the time. Thank All the time Like that right There is a simple thing that will make you start to shake out of that woe is me or that stress or that overwhelm.


Let them know you appreciate and see what they're doing because it changes who you are. And then you start to see all day long that there are like, you know, I'm can't look at you 'cause I'm cry. People are just walking around disconnected and the power of starting to be the one that wakes people up, Hey, you know, I hope you, I always get an elder. Hey how's everybody doing? Like it's shocking how we have gotten so far away from that sense of community. And there's actually research around this. They call it either weak ties, I call them warm connections. Those people that you see in the building every day that you say hello to the, the person that's walking the dog that you, you know know the name of the dog in your neighborhood.


These relationships matter because they make you feel human again. When you feel the impact from what you're doing with your book and the Let Them Theory like you just got emotional, just not even just about your impact but just talking about just change in The World, how does it make you feel? Like, do you take a moment just of gratitude and be like, 'cause I, I saw all the tattoos in the book And I was like, that's so fire. It's hard to make people like actually believe something that's not tangible. One of the things that, you know, for me, I spent so many years like hating myself and feeling like I was a really bad person. And when you get stuck in life, it's easy to think you're the only one. And so I'm just literally on a mission to share whatever I can share and give people access.


Just like you guys give people access to incredible thinkers and experts and resources. You know, your work is reaching some way halfway around The World that doesn't even have a toilet in their house. And how incredible is that? And if I can save anybody the headaches and the heartaches that I caused myself or the people that I care about. 'cause I didn't know any better. I didn't know what the problem was. I didn't know how to change myself. I didn't know how to push through the emotion. That is a life well lived. Yeah. Why did you hate yourself though? 'cause you can't do anything about what you don't know. Oh my god, we don't have time. I literally like from the amount of cheating I did when I was little to the the undiagnosed anxie or the undiagnosed dyslexia and A DHD and how that created tremendous anxiety to the way that childhood trauma impacted me that I didn't even realize was impacting me.


Like it's just chronic. I just did not think I was a bad person. And there's a lot of people walking around that have a hundred times more negative thoughts than they do positive ones. And a lot of people develop a habit of being very self-critical. It's never enough. Like you're never gonna make it like you're always so stupid. Why did you do that? Either because that's how they were talked to when they were little or because it's this like almost protective thing that if you beat yourself up first, you're gonna catch it before other people do. And I got to a point, and this is a a a an important thing. The only thing you need to make your life better is one decision how I'm living my life right now and how it feels no longer works for me. That's all you need to know.


If you can have the courage to say that to yourself, you now have tipped the first domino because you've made a decision that you wanna change how your life feels. You made a decision that you wanna change how it feels up here. And for me as a mom, like your kids absorb the way that you treat yourself. And so having two daughters that I started noticing, my God, why are these beautiful young women picking themselves apart? Well 'cause I do. Why are they so hard on them? Because I was so hard on myself. That's how they learn it. And so I don't want them to do that to themselves. And you know, the thing I was gonna share that's made a huge difference for me is that I keep the impact front and center. And so we send an email out five days a week.


There's a person on our team whose job is to assemble all of the things that people are saying all over The World about the books and the podcast, not about Mel, but about what you learned. And I'll tell you every day there's 20 to 30 of 'em. And just the other day there was a person who talked about how he was a stepdad and the, and the relationship ended and those step kids were his life and he didn't wanna be here anymore. And somebody started to share the podcast with him and he would go and take a walk every morning and listen to the podcast and it started to give him a sense of hope. And now he uses the Let Them Theory. This is a person that actually works in like a police operations control center.


Never in a million years would I think this is somebody that's listening to the Mel Robbins podcast or listening to this kind of conversation. But it goes to prove that everybody wants to do well. Everybody wants to thrive. And you know, when you're not doing well, you know, when you're not thriving, the, the problem for most of us is just kind of feeling like, I don't think this could change. And the fact is of course it can change. If you've ever been happy in your life, you can be happy again. If you've ever been proud of yourself, you can be proud of yourself again. If you've ever forgiven somebody else, you can learn to forgive yourself. And you know also, God doesn't call the qualified. He qualifies the call. And you've been called Mel Robin. I feel that. I Love you man. I love you too. Wow. That's right. Well we appreciate you for joining us.


Thank you Mel. I thank you. Alright, Well it's Mel Robbins, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes, it's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Salute the Mel Robbins for pulling up and it's time for the latest for Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight fish. She gets from somebody that knows somebody, she the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on the the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club Talk, talk to me. So Coachella went down And I will say I feel like it was quiet around Coachella this year, even though it's a big music festival. But there were certain moments that definitely picked up Cardi B performed.


Missy Elliot actually made her Coachella debuted since her first time at Coachella. And she came out as a full transformer and then she shed the transformer skin and she performed. And people just watching fans react because I don't know if they've never seen a Missy Elliot video or performance that I don't think that they didn't know how she was coming. She said she, They've never seen that level of creativity. Yo, that's What it was. It was crazy. Yeah. She's been preparing this set since November, 2024. She said when she revealed that she would be there, that she was gonna be doing something outta this world, which is very on brand for Missy. So she performed as well. Then you had Meg Thee Stallion that also performed. Doesn't It feel good to see creative folks, young people?


Huh? People that actually care about their craft. Oh, over and above they care About their stage performance. They online calling her Transformer misdemeanor Elliot. Now it over and above, when I say her set was fired, it was fired from start to finish. But also Meg Thee Stallion had a really good set too. And she brought out Sierra, she brought out Victoria Monet. But then she surprised the crowd when she brought out Queen Latifah. The Key, the key is not to be hot for the moment. The key is to be timeless. That's the moral of the story. The key is to be classic. When you classic you live forever. Now the, the theme behind me thee stallion's stage was girl power. So as I mentioned, she brought out Victoria, Monet, Sierra did you know they had to do a performance and she did goodies.


It, it, it was a a great, especially because Meg Stallion really dances. So her Victoria, Monnet, Sierra, they got busy on stage. But there were also some moments off the stage at this year's Coachella as well too. Chris Brown was topic of conversation all weekend because there was video of him hanging out with Tiana Taylor in discussion with Tiana Taylor and video of him and Carucci having a laugh. So people were like, oh wait, he's good with all these people. So why are we still upset people? Are you, you gotta learn to mind your business. If people have moved on, we should too. I know you ain't talking. It's my job to mind the business and and talk about the business. Oh, okay. Yours too, sir. Not really. You talking as well. Okay, you finished? Are you done? I'm listening. Well, the moment with Tiana Taylor sparked interest in conversation because there was the whole back and forth member and they said that like that, that was the reason why him and Usher got into it and all those things.


And I think in the video when you see it, you could tell the brother and sisterly like back and forth and banter that they have. And then of course in the video with Carucci, you know he's, you know, formally dated her. There's been some accusations there as well too. They're laughing, joking, having a good time. And now the people are flooding Carlucci's comments, talking about, girl, go get your man back. It's funny that we think we know these people because these are the moments that we see them. We don't, they might have been talked. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They might have been communicated. This is just the moments that we see. But we see these brief moments ever so often. And swear we know these people. A hundred percent. I think people do that Emini here. There's celebrities you ain't gonna see every moment. But I, I do think it's something like this. The conversation, they, you know, they've been online arguing about people being able and not being able to move on and all that good stuff.


But I will say the festival did look good this year and everybody that was there look good as well too. 'cause Tiana Taylor baby Mm, she eats every year at the festival. You saw Tiana Taylor this year. Uhuh. I'm gonna show you her. Let me show you. T Tee in the all black with a stomach out. She never comes to play. Drop A clue. Bond for Tiana Taylor. Yes. That's a homie. Carna still be lying about not working out. I ain't, I ain't asked her. No, I don't know what she do, but baby, when I get the money, sign me up. Up. She Do got the genetics though, miss Nicky. Oh my Nikki. Oh my God. She get that from Miss Nicky. Yes. Drop a bus. Miss Nicki t looked Amazing. Yeah. So that's, that's your recap of Coachella. Okay, well thank you Lauren. You are welcome. Four after the hour, we got donkey today. And I need Cody Palmer of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania to come to the front of the congregation.


We like to have a word with him. It's The Breakfast Club. You Are chicken out The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne some donkey days just saw Themselves. I've been watching Charlamagne. What's ready for you Donkey? I never heard old donkey other day. What is it? Donkey? Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you are a donkey. Donkey. Everything that Charla is saying is true. Yes, donkey today for Monday, April 14th goes to 38-year-old Cody Palmer of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Now if you haven't heard, Cody is the suspect who's been arrested and charged with terrorism because of an arson attack on Pennsylvania.


Governor Josh Shapiro's residence over the weekend as Josh Shapiro's and his family slept. Now governor Josh Shapiro is Jewish and this incident happened on the first night of Passover. I don't know if this incident was a Jewish thing or a Democrat thing, but let's go to six A BC Philadelphia for the report please. Governor Josh Shapiro described himself as emotional but not fearful outside the governor's residence in Harrisburg Sunday afternoon. This after state police say 38-year-old Cody bomber of Harrisburg set the state dining room on fire overnight. New video shows the destruction where Shapiro and his family celebrated Passover just hours before on Saturday night.


This Kind of violence is becoming far too common in our society. And I don't give a damn if it's coming from one particular side or the other. And it has to stop. Police say it's clear, bomber had a plan and moved quickly. They say he was inside the home less than a minute and used homemade devices. What sources described to a B, C News as a Molotov cocktail Sources tell a, b. C News Bomber is a mechanic who expressed disdain for Democrats, primarily related to financial issues. They're also not ruling out Shapiro's Jewish faith as a motivating factor. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but when somebody asks me do I think this was a Jewish thing or a Democrat thing, I'm gonna say a combination of both.


Okay? When you look at the timing of the incident, first day of Passover and the fact governor, you know, Shapiro is a high profile Jewish man. If you are anti-Semitic and you looking to make a statement, you are looking to make a splash. He's your guy. But what I want us to pay attention to is how America has gone completely backwards in a lot of ways. I don't even know if we've gone backwards or if a lot of these racist cancer cells were just laying dormant in the body of America. They were just in hibernation, okay? And they were just in a hibernation like state. And now they've been coaxed outta this slumber because of the current political climate in this country. Don't get me wrong, it's always existed, okay? But man, what happened to Governor Shapiro and his family could happen to anybody who is a member of a marginalized group.


In 2025, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Said it best, an injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. And this was a complete injustice. And those words couldn't be more fitting because one of the first times I heard about something like this happening was when it happened to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. January 30th, 1956, Martin Luther King Jr's wife and child were inside when his home was firebombed, all praises due to God, neither of them were harmed. Okay? Malcolm X, February 14th, 1965, his house was firebombed. He had his wife and four daughters in the house, by the way, to all the simple minded digital D headss out there, I am not comparing Governor Shapiro to Dr. MLK Jr. And Malcolm X. I'm just telling you that when you hear certain stories, when you see certain images, especially horrific things, like somebody firebombing your house, setting your house on fire while you're in there with your family, if you have any type of empathy, it sticks with you.


And you say to yourself, I pray that never happens to me and my family. And you thought that those things were just things of the past. But no, when you see them still happening to folks in 2025, it's just a reminder that potentially it could happen to you. Now, I don't know how Cody got this close to the governor's mansion, Emini here. It's the damn governor's mansion there. There should never be a breach of security there. But I'm starting to believe when it comes to guarding elected officials, Pennsylvania has the worst security ever. Emini here. That's what Donald Trump almost got clipped. And now a 38-year-old kid can jump the governor's man. And he's, first of all, he's not a kid. What am I saying? And now a 38-year-old man can jump to Governor's mansion and actually start a fire with, with homemade devices and get away before he's ultimately caught.


Now Cody Obama's mother said that Cody suffers from mental illness and he was off his medication. Listen, you know, I overstand, okay? Mental health issues are serious and require compassion, but that doesn't excuse actions that endanger lives and threaten public safety. Okay? He can get all the help he needs in somebody's prison, okay? Because we have to make examples of people like this. I also feel like discrimination is a form of mental illness. They hate someone because of what their race is. Their religion is, their gender is their sexuality is if you hate people because of what they are, you are mentally ill. And I don't wanna see anyone being attacked or being the target of potential violence because of what they are. Okay? Their race, their faith, their political party.


Do we not understand that diversity is what truly makes America great. And by the way, if yet don't like somebody's politics, well get into politics yourself and challenge them, okay? Or support the politicians you like and help them defeat the politicians. You don't. That's how things are done in a civilized country. But unfortunately this country has always lied to itself about being civilized. Please give Cody Palmer of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania the biggest. Seahawk. Sad. Yes. Very sad. Now we had Mel Robbins here last hour. Lauren LaRosa great Convo. Did you learn anything? I did.


How long ago did I tell you to read the Let Them Theory? I got the book you told me about probably like two months ago. Was it That long? A month ago? Yeah, it was a minute ago. Yep. It a little while ago, just in conversation you would like, you need to read the Elect Them theory. Yes, I am recommending this book to everybody. And you know what I would like to do right now? I would like to open up the phone lines and talk to people who have already applied the Let Them Theory to their life. I wanna know how they're applying the Let Them Theory to their life and yeah, that's it. How, how into what? Yes. How into what have you applied to Let Them Theory to your life? Where do you think you need to apply that in your life, Lauren? Mm. This is new levels, new devils.


This, there's a lot of critiques that happen when people think that they can just, you know, you put your art out there, okay? And I'm having to quiet noise and just let people feel how they feel and do what they do. 'cause I know what I do okay. And what I do well, okay, that's what I'm having to apply to let them And with you, I'd be having to let you a lot because I'm gonna smack you. If not, you know, You know this. You need to start telling the people the truth. What's the truth? How much you love me? I do love you. Okay? But I be having to let you, we have to let people be love all the time. Ask It's your wife. 'cause I'm sure she be wanting to smack you too. You, you gonna stop making the people think I'm not a nice person. I tell people all the time, you're nice. They just don't believe them. You know what you need to do. That's good. Let them That's right.


All Right. Period. That's right. And that's exactly what I let them do. Okay. +1 800-585-1051. Call us right now. Tell us how you are applying Mel Robbins Lectin Theory to your life. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Phone. Phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne, the God, Lauren LaRosa, DJ Envy, and Jess Hilarious are out today. And we're talking Mel Robbins, the Let Them Theory, you know, Mel was here last hour that this wasn't, that wasn't her first time on The Breakfast Club either.


She came on The Breakfast Club back in 2021 when she was promoting Yes, the High Five Rule. When you wake up in the morning and you give yourself a high five in the mirror every morning. But we're talking Mel Robins, the Epting Theory. Lauren LaRosa. High Five Habit. High Five Habit. There you go Lauren LaRosa. How are you using the electing theory in your life? Mm. Letting people just, you know, have their opinions about me. And that's a lot of opinions now. You know, especially sitting up here with y'all, you've been doing this for a long time Every day, but you're getting numb to it. And, and, and you realize you do have to use the Let Them Theory when it comes to that because we are public servants and we're getting on this radio every day and we're doing a service for the public. And the public is allowed to have their opinions about It.


And I also think too, what you realize when you look into the Let Them Theory is that you can't control how people feel. Nope. Like if you take everything that someone says about you and try to create, like here's a guideline of what I should be doing, you could do all of that and they could still feel that way. So you gotta just know what your goal is and, and level up or, or sit still depending on what you wanna do. 'cause you can't control none of that. Why Do we forget things that like we learned in our grandma house when we was kids? Because Life hits you. Like the Serenity Prayer. God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. You know, when you absolutely, positively will relinquish all control when you realize you don't have any, we don't control nothing. All we do is wake up in the morning, pray, do our affirmations, and go out into The World.


And we are a subject of whatever The World brings us that day. Easier Said than done for a lot of people. Well you better do it. Let's go to the phone lines. Who's this? It's free. Free. What's happening my brother? What's going on man? How are you applying the Let Them Theory to Your Life King? Well, first off, I didn't even know that it was called the Let Them Theory. I, i just about three years ago, Emini here, let's just, let's just keep it again. About 37, 35 years of my life, I was just a complete piece of, you know, you know what I'm saying? All that done with drugs, you know, wild as shit. Yep. Crazy and everything that comes with it. Dead friends and da da da. And about three years ago I met this, this, this wonderful woman, man, this, this, this queen, my beautiful black queen.


Shout out to you baby, because I'm a white boy. You know what I'm saying? But, and she, she just, I I, she helped me let everything go from family members and my dead friends that I was helping. That I can't help no more from people from your back, from your past that you say you never let, you'll never let go, you know, till death, you know what I'm saying? TAed, it's all that, you know, And I just had to figure out that I couldn't do nothing for it. And, and if I don't move forward, I'm gonna continue living on this demon time Emini here, my girlfriend before my wife was a stripper. Excuse my language. Damn. It was a lot of Language. So you Say, so you were, So you Say you're a white man who met a black woman and the black woman changed your life.


Totally. Nah, I've been with black chicks my whole life, man. You know what I'm saying? But stop Cursing So much. But This one, okay, yes. This one changed your life. Yeah, Emini here. She just, she's just, you know, And I, I I guess since I was looking at, since listening to you this morning, I, now I know it's called the, you know, the, the legend to let it go here. You know, I just had to let everything from my past go. And now I have peaceful nights, no more nightmares. You know what I'm saying? It's just a whole change of life in three years. I got a beautiful new six week old baby. Congrats. I got two beautiful stepsons that are in my world, you know? Okay. Well thank you for calling my brother.


I don't know if that would've let them there. I think what he was trying to say is, is that once he, whatever was bothering him from his past Yeah, maybe whatever he was, he, he had to learn to let them or let that just be Well, yeah. Detachment. Yeah, detachment is part of the lesson too, because That's true. Because her a male story was like that. Like when she decided to detach from everything she thought she failed from Yeah. She was able to like level up and be successful. That's, that's true. Good morning. Who's this? Good Morning, this is Kimberly. Hey Kimberly, how are you? I'm okay. And yourself, guys. Bless black and highly favor. We're talking about Mel Robbins lectin theory this morning and we're asking people how have you applied lectin theory of your life? Easy. Change the number and cut them all off. That is, that is part of it. Yes, yes, Yes.


So I have a brother that had a stroke And I also have an 18-year-old son that think life is sweet. So you know what I do? Change my number and cut them off. Damn. Did you, you waited till he turned 18 on the dot. Yeah. I, he even got mad with me because I didn't call him for his 18th birthday. Listen man, I, when when, when you pray to God to take negativity out your life, he not swinging at spirits. He's swinging at people in things that are the embodiment of that negativity. And sometimes it's your close family. And it's so true because I, I end up don't have my two brothers. My, I lost my mother after I lost my mother. I don't talk to my two brothers now, my son.


So, Damn. Okay, well have a great day. You too as well. Charlemagne. She says, okay, well have a great day. What I'm supposed to say. Yeah, She lost her. She ain't got nobody. Just have a great day. But she Made a choice. It's not like she said she made the choice to cut them off. I'm not, it's not like they died or something. I went to prison like she made a choice. And so, you know what? I got a letter. People Are really moving variables in our life. Like you, you don't have to have certain people in your life and every, no, the first two callers is all about people. Yes. You can just totally just not deal with those people. Because As I, I've been saying this my whole life. When you pray to God to take negativity out your life, he's not gonna be swinging at things.


He's gonna be swinging at people. God, there's a man in this room that won't leave my wig alone. Please remove all the evil From you need to remove the wing. If you remove the wig, you remove the evil. Got it. Please. I feel That is where the evil lies. So It's a trickery that you spoke about in the Bible. I feel it every day. Please remove the demons in the spirits. Call us right now. +1 800-585-1051. Tell us how the Let Them Theory has been applied to your life. It's The Breakfast Club. My I If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it, It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. Lauren LaRosa is here. Jess, Hilarious.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you are in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more State Farm dot com


And DJ Envy are out right now. But we're talking Mel Robbins, the Let Them Theory. You know, Mel was here last hour with us and if you don't know what the Let Them Theory is, it is a mindset tool that encourages you to stop trying to control or change others' thoughts and behaviors. Instead, you focus on your own peace and wellbeing by accepting that others are free to make their own choices. Mel Robbins put it in a book called the Let Them Theory. It came out at the end of December. It sold I think damn near 4 million copies in in 18 weeks. And you know, people are either applying the Let Them Theory to Their Life are realizing they've already applied it, but now they have the language. Yeah. To know what to call it.


So let's go to the phone lines. Good morning. Who's this? This Is Crystal Peace Crystal, how are you? I'm blessed. How are you? King? Blessed Black and highly favored. We talking to Let Them Theory this morning. How have you applied to Let Them Theory to your life Crystal? Well I have applied the Let Them Theory to my life to survive being an entrepreneur. I just quit my job in healthcare to focus on like being a serial entrepreneur. I went from songwriter to screenwriter and you know, there's a lot of discouraging things out here, but I, I let 'em doubt me. I let them do things for prout on the internet to try to make it seem like they're doing things and they're not. I try to let all my haters, you know, let 'em tear me down because nothing they do is gonna prosper anyway.


That's right. And I just try to stay proud. You know, I have other businesses too, but it's interesting because the more you, more people let you down, you know? 'cause people will tell you, oh, I can do this for you. I got you. The more I become that for myself. So I have to literally figure out once I'm not getting and do it for myself. Because everybody who surrounds you are in their own world and it just feels like they don't really care. Like people don't serve anymore. People don't wanna serve you as an assistant, they wanna be the star. So it's like, even if I get an assistant, they're, they're probably not gonna be loyal, you know, because everybody's so focused on themselves.


So I just let everybody around me do them. And I wake up in the morning And I give myself a plan, And I try to just stick to the plan and talk to myself throughout the day. You know, just saying F them, Man. You are absolutely right. You know, I want to tell you something about social media. The reason you should absolutely let people talk about you on social media. And you know, this, I, I talked about this when I was on Mel's podcast, Mel Robbins podcast. The algorithm don't know the difference. So you got a bunch of people that might be online talking bad about you, but then you'll have some people that are supporting you as well. And all the algorithm knows is that your name is being mentioned. That's it. So it, it works for you anyway. It's, it's to your benefit anyway, Right? That Charlamagne, while we're on the topic of books and you love books, can we get like a book list from you?


Because I'm trying to buy a bunch of books that are healthy for mental health and all that. So I just wanna ask you that because I'm in my book. Oh, that'll Be good. Yes. I try not to, I try not to go to social media first thing every morning now. So as a part of my new entrepreneur life and screenwriting and film, I'm trying to see myself for good, good things. Well, I'm gonna recommend you two books right now. Ego is The Enemy by Ryan Holiday and The Unapologetic Guy to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Got it. Ooh, thank you. Yes, ma'am. All right, Peace. I thank you so much for y'all Love and y'all goodness. Absolutely. Let's take one more red. Let's take one more. Let's take one more. Good morning.


Who's this? April Peace. April. How are you? Hi, how are you doing? Where you calling from? I'm From Atlanta, A TL. We gonna be in Atlanta on April 26th for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. So go get your tickets if you haven't gotten 'em already. Sarah, Jake Roberts will be on that stage doing her Woman of Evolve Podcast Live. Okay. But we're here to talk. Okay. We're here to talk about Mel Robbins and the Let Them Theory right now. How have you applied it to your life? So, I haven't read the book, but I did hear one of her podcasts. So I became familiar with the Let Them Theory and applying that for myself. A lot of people I feel have slept on me and, you know, just kind of treat me a certain type of way.


And I let them by continuing to be myself, showing up with Love and Light. And they eventually, some of them have turned around and seeing the deep down that I'm just moving the way that I am and that's how I am. So they kind of change their perspective by just me being myself. I let them have their feelings and whatever for whatever reason. And I'm just letting them be them and I'm continuing to move the way that I do. Oof. That's all you could do. Have a great day. You As well. Thank y'all. And, and that's literally what the Let Them Theory is. It's, it's literally a mindset tool that encourages you to stop trying to control or change other people's thoughts and behaviors.


That's it. You can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you cannot control other people. I tell y'all all the time, we wake up every single day and all we're trying to do is avoid crazy. And that crazy usually comes in the form of other people. I thought you was about saying you it usually comes from Florida. It does though. That too. The pros. But, but, but we love Florida. We like going to Miami. We like going to Disney World, you know, so it's still the same thing. But listen, go out there and get Mel Robbins LEC theory. She don't need me to promote her book. This book is, you know, selling like crack in the eighties. But it is a fantastic read and it's one of those books that I'm recommending to everybody. You really Are. You told me about it way before we, I even knew she was coming up here Because sometimes, you know, we forget.


Like to me you just need these simple reminders. Like I always tell we, we talk about the Serenity Prayer all the time, right? And we know what the Serenity Prayer is, but sometimes we forget that and we just need to be reminded that we're not in control of anything. So just let people be who they are. You think we getting better? 'cause you yell at at us all the time. Us, me, Jess, all the producers up here. You think we getting better? No. That's why I'm gonna keep yelling at y'all. Im not on. Hmm? You just like to yell. Talk about, tell people I'm not a mean person. You really just old and be yelling like I told you that I think you, you got better. Okay. Jess needs work. Envy definitely needs work. It's still a little bit Leave envy alone. I didn't even have envy In it.


I'm just saying y'all care a little bit too much about the opinions of other people. That's all. Okay, well that's all. That's No me and my agents we gonna be chilling. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do what? You got Vibes cartel. He made history. He did it. The big return back to New York after 20 years. There are some big moments including the fact that Drake gifted him this. Like OVO chain is one of two. Only him and him, him and Drake have it. And I got all the details about everything. How long it took to make it. I got all the details. So Hold on. It's only two chains Chain. Yeah. So It's, well tell me, tell me when we come back. Yes, it's the latest with Lauren when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. That's right. It is The Breakfast Club.


The world's most dangerous morning show. And now it's time for the latest with Lauren Laa. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, somebody that knows. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on this Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club Talk. Talk to me what we got LL Cool Bay Vibes Cartel World Boss. He returned to New York and he did his this big us return. So this was his first us headlining show in over 20 years. So there were some pretty big moments out of the show. So he came out to his remix that he did to acon locked up, which of course was very monumental after everything that he's been through.


And the crowd just embraced him crazy. Bibbo actually is calling this show like the opening night Alone. 'cause you know it was sold out crazy, right? They're calling this show one of the most memorable nights of live music in the boroughs story history Emini Here, listen, people worship Your Vibes cartel. And you know, after meeting him, I can understand yes why people enjoy him the way that he does. I was telling people that all weekend, like he is very personal. He's super funny. Like he, I see the Star and a lot of times it's hard to pick on that with certain artists. Let's take a listen to him in the ACOM moment when he walked out on stage, I Think Jamaican should narrate everything. I'm not gonna lie. I thought about that the other day. I was at Summer Airport and they had a Jamaican narrating calling people, you know what I'm saying?


The gate, the, oh my God, that was so amazing. Now, bonding Gate three, gate three. Like yo Jamaicans should narrate everything. Well also throughout the night he brought out some different people. Of course Little Kim hit the stage, one of the night's Neo CIA Fab Spice. Of course he can't come and not bring the dance hall. Queen Spice, he performed summertime clocks fever. The Brooklyn Anthem, when he did the Brooklyn Anthem, he actually put on a Brooklyn next jersey. But he had it on backwards. He had to like fix the jersey or whatever. But he also did his song Mama. And he brought his mom out. When he did it, he goes down on one knee. It was just a good moment, you know, because the song talks about everything they've been through and what they don't have to go through no more.


And she's caressing him and they're in front of all these people. But there was a moment during the show where he got so emotional he couldn't finish a song. He was performing his song. God is the Greatest. And he broke down. Let's take a listen. Dive his cry. Let And I, the Lord is around us And I Emini here.


Can you imagine? Right? You know you've been in prison for 13 years thinking that you never gonna see, you know the freedom again, right? And then you actually get freed. Of course. Absolutely Get free and you sell out two back to back shows. Come on man. At the Barclay Center, 19,000 people is what that stadium holds. Come on man. Cardi B was also on attendance. DJ Envy went with his wife Gia. Now you know who also was there in tears. Mm, safari. Mm Safari was there in tears. He said, you know, vibes is his, his hero. Seeing him on stage in that big return made him emotional. Why would you make me laugh? It was a really emotional moment for Safari. But yeah, so shout out to Vibes. I don't have a problem with that. I saw people killing Safari for that.


But Yo Safari has always shown and expressed his love for Vibes Cartel. So Why you laugh? Because I was thinking about something that happened last week when Vibes was here. I know what you exactly, I know what you So that's what I was laughing at. I Think you, I don know if you wanted to share it. No I'm not. Okay, so another moment that happened, vibes Cortel was gifted these OVO chains from Drake. They were like a surprise special gift from vibes to Drake. Now I spoke to Alex Moss's team. Alex Moss is the jeweler who created these chains with Drake. And from what I'm told, it took seven months to make. Drake came up with the idea and brought it to Alex to bring it to life because he wanted to, you know, give vibes a big welcome home gift. Drake was involved in the process of customizing the jewelry from the beginning.


Alex mostly and his team work with Drake a lot. So he trusts Alex created vision and his his taste when it comes to taking the lead. Why would Vibes want an Owl? Vibes is a, he's a huge supporter of Drake. He backed him in the Kendrick Lamar. He talks a lot about Drake also. What that gotta do with the owl though. But continue it. It's like, you know what Emini here continues So I can keep hating. So it's a 14 character yellow gold. They have, they, they have like some camo on it and printed in it in diamonds because you know the whole vibes, the general, what else? There's so many details. Drake really took a time on this. There's only two created. There's one for Vibes Cartel and one for Drake himself. Drake actually what? Yep. Now why is Vibe the only other person with that type of owl?


What about chumps? What about 40 and Party and Preem and Baca? They would like a new owl. It's something special for The World boss. Wow, don't do that. Why Can't they have an owl? Nobody else has. They Probably do you all in their owl business. You want one boo? No I don't. Okay. I'm just like, why? Just him and Drake. Okay, I'm just trying to figure this out. Like what's the connection? He's a, a huge icon that he looks up to, but yeah, so it was a good gift. I tried to get the pricing but they, they ain't doing all that. They said it's priceless. So shout out to Drake on that gift 'cause that one's super viral and it's a great owl. Now as we wrap up, can I do one of the clips that we have really quick? I also wanted to answer the question. A lot of you guys were trying to figure out why Joe Tacopina, who is now representing Wendy on the personal attorney side, was denied the ability to go to dinner with Wendy.


I feel like some people thought that this was a retaliation thing from her conservatorship. Well, Joe Tacopina called in to talk to us exclusively today to explain it. Let's take a listen There. There may have been a motivating factor to Sabrina Marcey canceling that dinner, which could have included the fact that I was there. And so the last thing they wanna do guys, is see me inside that courtroom. I I I, I'm not gonna be gentle about how Wendy's being treated as far as that dinner. Wendy, myself and Alex were supposed to have dinner that night. At the last minute, literally as Wendy was rested and ready to leave her room, she was told she couldn't go by Sabrina Marcy because Alex was testifying the next day at a hearing.


So therefore she couldn't see Wendy in person that night. So if the whole point was they couldn't get together the night before her testimony as if somehow Wendy would influence Alice's testimony, which is ridiculous, it, would it really make sense to cancel that dinner because they could have just been on the phone? Well I don't know if they knew I was gonna be at that dinner. It just seems highly coincidental Baby. They got Wendy in a choke code over there, don't they? They're trying to show her something. We also, I we real quick, we also asked them too about the money. 'cause we were trying to figure out, you know, Wendy's been saying that Sabrina uses her money to hire these high powered attorneys and blah blah blah blah blah. So I was like, well wait, so Sabrina's letting her pay you.


'cause if they don't want you there, they ain't going let the money flow. And he said that that has Sabrina's not paying him. Wendy's family is actually, you know, and him are taking care of that. But he w he didn't wanna go into it. He said that that's something between him and the family. He's not worried about the money right now. He's just trying to make sure Wendy's straight. I'm sure we'll hear more on the latest with Lauren podcast. Oh Period. You know some of these clips is going right on over there And I told y'all in today's episode that we would have Joe call in. So I hope you guys have enjoyed the bounce between the two platforms. And we do got some more exclusive clips from our conversation with Joe Tacopina. That will be on tomorrow morning's episode of the latest with Lauren La Rosa, the podcast. Make sure you subscribe to the latest with Laura Leosa on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. And speaking of that, we have the third annual Black Effect podcast festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta at Pullman Yards.


Go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival. Some of your favorite podcasts are gonna be on that stage tank and Jay Valentine will be on there with the RB Money podcast. Sarah Jake Roberts will be on there with the Woman Evolve podcast plus a whole lot more. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets in the People's Choice Mix With DJ Envy is Up Next. Your chicken out The Breakfast Club. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne to God. Lauren LaRosa, DJ Envy is gone. He had to go out doing some book trapping and Jess Jess's Son's Born Day is the Today Ashton, right? Yeah, Ashton It It's either today, today I think. Yeah, Ashton's turns 13 today. So happy born day to Ashton.


I'm sure Jess is doing a lot of great things for him down in Baltimore and salute to Baltimore. I was in Baltimore all weekend for my daughter's cheerleading tournament. Man. Had a great time in Baltimore. I wanna salute Carly at Nick's fish house man. Carly, thank you for the love that you showed me and my wife at Nick's fish house this past weekend. You see I'm rocking the Nick's Fish House merchandise. Big merch. Big merch. Oh I like the back of that. Yes, that's fire. They asked me if I wanted a hoodie. I'm like hell yeah. You know because I show love to people who show love to me. So Carly, thank you for the love this weekend. Thank you for the merch and just the hospitality y'all showed us at Nick's fish house. Mm.


You got something going on Dr. Emini here. We got a lot going on. The podcast is here. Please continue to download it on everywhere you get podcasts, audio to iHeart app. You can also now watch it. It is a delayed watch. It'll be on my body. But I like that though. Every day after the audio. So 24 hours after the audio you can watch it but I do post clips the day of on my social media. You Post the video 24 hours after the audio In full. But I post social media clips day of we're working on it. 'cause at first it was 48. Yes. So you know It should be day of We. We we're working on it. But what you gonna the DR for? I'm gonna Dr. Because it is the HBCU Black Alumni weekend and you know whenever something lit in it's HBCU, they bring me out. That's have a good time. I Thought you was going for a BBL L I'm like come on Lord.


I don't even have enough weight on my body to see BBL L No because some things happen like that. You know people, you, you know you getting a little love out here in these streets and all of a sudden now you don't wanna have plastic surgery like Yo Chill now Don't need that BBL. No I'm not. You Don't have to do that at all. You don't have to tell me 'cause I'm not going there for that. Just making sure. Okay. Okay. I Heard you saying initials. I wasn't paying attention. It was HBCU. Yes. Not BBL Got Got you, got you. I know you ain't graduating from nowhere because what didn't we even talk about? That's right. HBCU Black Alumni Weekend. May 22nd through the 27th. I will be there. Memorial Day getaway.com. Let them know at checkout you can select who referred you. Lauren Lazo referred you and come out, have a good time with me. Bring your friends. It's gonna be good All. So yes, go check that out. Join Lauren LaRosa Memorial Day weekend in the D When we come back we got the positive note.


It's The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne God, Lauren LaRosa, DJ Envy, he's out doing some book trapping. His new book comes out tomorrow, real Life Real Family. Him and his wife, DIA Casey. So you'll see them out and about doing a PR thing. I think he, what did he say he was gonna do? I believe like Good Day New York or something like That. New York one Americas. They've been doing some podcasts. I know they did. I think they did. I don't know if I could say which ones they did. They did some podcasts too. Like some sit downs. Okay. All Right, well you, you'll, you'll see them out and about. And Jess, Hilarious Ashton's, her son is born day of the day. He turns 13. So happy born Day to Ashton man. And we gotta thank the mighty male Robins for pulling up her new book.


The Let Them Theory is available everywhere. You buy books now it's so damn near 4 million copies in 18 weeks. That's Power. Do you know How crazy that is? That is. That's power that is like, that is so like people have to go get a book or go and find it and And pay for it and download it. Yes. That's like having to go buy a cd. Yes. So Salute to Mel Robbins. I actually did her podcast. It came out last week. I did it back in March, but it came out last week, man. So you know, go check me out on the Mel Robbins podcast and make sure you go check out Mel Robbins on The Breakfast Club, whether it's The Breakfast Club podcast, our Breakfast Club YouTube page available right now actually. And my positive note is a quote from Mel Robbins.


Mel Robbins once said, start before you're ready. Don't prepare. Begin. You are one decision away from a completely different life and your feelings don't matter. The only thing that matters is what you do. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to Operate by Chev.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.