
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is running a little late. What up, Lauren? LaRosa. Good morning. It's Tuesday. How you feeling, Lauren? I felt good. I was out a little late last night, so my morning got a little, little late start, but it was for good reasoning. You didn't Go to court though? No. I went to check out the clips new album yesterday. Oh, How was that? We gonna talk about it, but I, I was really inspired. Do you got, you got any joints? Did you take any joints? Did you record any joints? Did you secretly record? Do we have Anything? No. You cannot secretly record. I did not take any music that was a part of the deal in being there.


Okay. Because the album Let God, so their Mouth doesn't drop until July 11th. Okay. But we are gonna talk about, as much as I can talk about what I will tell you is that Man Def Jam. That's let who let them go. Yeah. Def Jam Let 'em go. So Stupid messed it up That that was what I, I don't understand how these label things work. Well, It's probably because it were being en sued and didn't want the more of the headache. But Emini here, Emini here. You gotta let an artist be an artist. And the Eclipse is one of those groups that you don't let go. If you gonna Let an artist being artist or artist, multiple be artists, that is one group that you leave alone and like do with. It was a, when I tell you I listened to a masterpiece, a work of art, I was so inspired, and I'm not even a rapper. I was like, I gotta, I gotta do better in life because I wanna affect people like this this many years.


So, so you wanted to rap after this? You, you want, you thought about dropping the 16, you know what, I might have had a mix tape ready last night. Oh my goodness. No. I Just salute to the Clips just in life in general. They just, it, it's just inspiring to see people who are so passionate Yeah. And are actually creators. Yes. And it come together. It always comes together for them. But it was inspiring. I don't even know. Yeah. I don get my words together before we get there. And they're very artsy. So it'll be the video, the outfits, the clothing, everything will have a, a particular meeting. And did you get the record with Jay-Z? Did you, I'm just asking if you Heard it. I don't know. No. Record with Jay-Z. Did You get a record with Kendrick? I heard the record with Kendrick because we know that there's a record with Kendrick. Did You hit a record with Ho? I don't know about a record with JayZ. You shut up, man.


You a bat. I'm never, I'll never use you as my poker player. My Poker, we can't, first of all, I don't even play poker, so you're not worried about that. But we know about the record with Kendrick because of the conversations they've been having and GQ and all these other places. But I don't know of any other features. Okay. All right. Well, yeah. Yep. Exactly. So salute to all the people out there that have puppies, because I'm in this puppy phase And I didn't really want dogs, but the kids and my wife wanted dogs. And these dogs are whooping my ass. I'm getting up at three o'clock in the morning to walk these dogs. It's crazy. And the rain is just disrespectful. Like, enough's enough. Like when do they actually learn not to pee in the house? What that, that's the phase that I need because getting on my knees pause and cleaning up this pee every morning gets disrespectful at three in the morning. You get on your knees.


Disrespectful. Don't act like you know. Why would you even, you honestly walk yourself into things sometimes. I know, but that's how it is. You people know you gotta get in their crate and do it. And anyway, let's get this Show crack. He sounding dirty on them knees. Shut Up. Arna J Arna J will be joining us this morning. A S Jay is a comm comedian. He has a new special, not gonna stop. It's streaming on YouTube right now. So we'll be kicking it with on sj. And let's get the show Crack. We got front page news when we come back. Jess, to be here in a second. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And Charlamagne is off today y'all. Morning everybody. It's dj nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on Lars here. Let's get in some front page news. Happy birthday to Kendrick Lamar. Today is actually Kendrick Lamar's birthday, so drop a bomb for Kendrick Lamar.


But let's get in some front page news last night. In sports, OKC beat the paces one 20 to 1 0 9. So they lead the series Three. Two. What's up Morgan? Hey Y'all. Hey. How you feeling on a Tuesday? Good, Good. Love to hear it. Okay, first on front page, president Trump says Iran wants to talk about the deescalation with Israel. Now speaking at a G seven summit in Canada, Trump said he gave Iran a 60 day window to bargain with the US over their nuclear capabilities. And Israel attacked on the last day that that deal or that window expired. President Trump says Iran is not in strong position right now.


Let's take a listen to his comments on Iran. They'd like to talk, but they should have done that before. It's painful for both parties, but I'd say Iran is not winning this war. He added, he's heard through in Intermediators, Iran is interested in pulling back aggressions. The President also said he thinks Iran wants to talk because Israel's doing so well right now. Meanwhile, president Trump is back in the States this morning after leaving that G seven Summit in Canada early and boarding Air Force one to return home. The President said his departure was due to the conflict between Israel And Iran and that he wanted to focus on the matter. Now, that G seven supplement was three days, and it's supposed to end, I believe tomorrow.


Summit attendee French President Emmanuel Macron, he told reporters that he heard Trump was leaving to work on a ceasefire proposal, but Trump fired off on social media insisting that Macron had no idea why he was returning to Washington. But certainly said it has nothing to do with a ceasefire. Trump did not take questions when he touched down at Joint base Andrews this morning. Now Morgan, let me quick question and, and you were talking about Iran and Israel. Yes. Do we know, I know they said about 250 to 300 people died so far. Are they civilians or is that military? Is it just, you know, I do have, okay. I do not have the exact numbers as to who, Because I was just wondering if they were just aiming directly at military bases and places that they thought nuclear weapons were gonna be made or, I do believe The civilians are included in those numbers.


Envy. I was gonna say, it's not just one or the other. I believe that would be a joint number regarding both civilians and military. But I do not have exact, I don't have the exact numbers per se. Okay. To those fatalities. And what's, what it, but it, it is on the rise. Right? To your point, elsewhere at the G seven, president Trump says he si, he says the US has signed a trade deal with the United Kingdom. Now Trump made those announcements with UK Prime Minister Kiir Starr at the G seven Summit in Canada. He called it a fair deal for both. And the two celebrated the new trade agreement and showed the signed documents to reporters. Let's take a listen to their comments.


We just signed it and it's done. And so we have our trade agreement. A very good day for both of our country is a real sign of strength. So thank you again, Donald. A really important day for both of us. Great people, great people. So the exact terms of that deal were not disclosed. And I also think it's important to also note that President Trump warned on social media truth, social, back to the original story, Iran and Israel, that there is, there should be an immediate evacuation of Tehran. Israel has also issued an evacuation alert for residents northeast of Tehran. So just keep you guys posted as to what happens on a presidential front. And as far as international affairs go.


And one more story really quickly before we go into the next hour. The Army does not feel like Saturday's military parade did not provide much damage to DC streets. Now, an Army spokesperson says the assessment following the parade is showing not, is not showing any serious damage to the parade room because nobody Was there. Okay. Or the staging area, they're talking about the tanks on the streets. But the Army credits the lack of damage due to protective steps taken before the parade, including rubber pads and tanks or rubber pads on tank tracks and steel plates in several areas. But the National Park Service and Federal Highway Administration says tests for those streets to, for underground damage is underway for the next few weeks.


So they won't really truly know for a, a little while now, but I'll keep you posted on that. But the army says, nah, we ain't do it. Yeah. Nah. Well, they were thinking military equipment and all the millions of people that was supposed to be there, but just military equipment and two people, there ain't that much damage. No. I literally watched the street crumble under the tanks, you know, but I'm not going. Yeah. Emini here, you could see the cracks in the streets. And it's really sad because, you know, DC streets, it's, we can't catch a break. Anyways, I'll, and at the seven o'clock hour we'll get into what's going on with ice. 'cause you already know it's the, there's the drama. So stick around. Let me find out. Morgan was the only person there watching that in the, in the parade. She was the only, the only one out there watching. Yeah, We, we now we we did a little drive by, but we wasn't just s ticking around.


No, we wasn't Going. Alright, well that is front page. New. Jess here. What up Jess? What's up? I'm good. How y'all doing? Good. Good. Good morning. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up right now. Again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club ready? Is It your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad Or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Leroy from Florida. How y'all doing this morning? Leroy. Good morning, Florida. What's up brother?


Get it off your chest. Actually, my sister has a luxury handbag company called kentrell p.com. No, K-A-N-T-R-E-L-L s.com. And I want to send you guys some handbag. Okay. Oh nice. Thank you. Appreciate that. Yeah, So if y'all could man, plug your website. It's called kentrell pot.com. Okay, We'll definitely check it out. We'll put your hold. Charlemagne's favorite color is pink, so make sure you send him a pink one. We got pink bags. All right. Oh, I know. That's right. Have a good one. All right. Hello, who's this? Tanya? Hello. Hello. Good morning, It's Sonya. Hey Sonya. Get off your chest. I just have a really big problem like with, I'm like, I guess I'm still sounding like I'm repeating myself, but Jess keeps calling the orange guy.


Donald Trump, the president and everybody else on the news channels are just calling up Donald Trump. Like, are y'all proud of him? Girl, listen, he the president of the United States. It is. Okay. He Is not the president. He is. I don't know who he is. Then what you Literally, he's the president. You know what, Emini here, it ain't about riding with him. It ain't about none of that. It is what it is. You know what Emini here, like he's the President. It's What? It's he, he's told you two or three times that he's stolen the election. Y'all sound real ignorant Baby. You just sound just like you don't want to face. Reality is the president, have a good day, baby girl. Don't worry about what I call him. He is the president of the United States. Your Neighborhood.


If You don't like it, you got to move. You got to just move out the country. I don't like it either. But I'm not running away from the fact that Donald Trump is our president. That's what it is. Damn. She hung up. She banged on y'all. She'll be alright. Right. She banged on y'all. She was So mad. She made mad at me. She was mad at you. Yeah. People mad at me than the damn president. She should be mad at Morgan Morgan's the one of those front page. No, Exactly. Be mad at Morgan. Call back and be mad at Morgan. We'll let you call back. Hello. Who's this? God Is Jamele Scott. Hey Jamele. Get it off your chest brother. How you doing? I'm a principal down in Yonkers at Barack Obama School for Social Justice. Okay. I wanna give a shout out to all the educators, all the students that's about to graduate.


My youngest just graduated from daycare, so now all my children are in elementary school, middle school and high school. There you go. So it's just a blessing. And I just wanna say, enjoy y'all summer and we almost there y'all All brother Congrat. You have a good one. I, I still got a pre-K so I still got another year to go. Ah man. One more, One more year to go, but have a good one brother. You Too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up ass. Your time to get it off your chest.


We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? What's going on man? My name's Avon Lewis, man, out of Columbus, Ohio. What's up brother? Get off of your chest Man. I Just say man, right now I'm headed to work man. I'm a union electrician And I wanna give a shout out to all the men heading to work right now. Happy, happy for later father day soon. My dad was nothing man, but got great dads out here. We got great fathers out here. Man. I don't want to be here to like all black people. All black fathers ain't in their kids life. That's not true. Feel me? My dad was nothing. But hey, we got great men out here. I got a kid on the way and I'm gonna be a great father myself. Amazing. Y'all alright Brother, that Hello? Who's this? Hey, Morning, this is James calling from North Carolina.


What's up James? Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah. And I wanted to ask you, man, on your Friday mixes you do back in the day type stuff, right? Old school. Yep. Throw it back sometimes what you wanna hear. Yeah. I I wanted to ask you if you could do like a theme, like a positive thing from the old school, like play stuff like optimistic by sounds of blackness or seeing Don't be a Fool. You know what, you Know what Emini here or, or, or what that Black Man United you will know That's Juneteenth. Okay, let's do this. I'm not gonna do that Friday, but I'll do it for Thursday for Juneteenth. I'll do that for you on Thursday and for Juneteenth. That's What's up. Yeah, that's what's up. That's what's up. And, and big up to Victoria Mon and Usher on that.


SO s that joint banger. Alright, but I, I got you on Thursday and I'll shout you out James. Okay. Alright. Thank you man. All right, brother Man. Say we D Hello. Who's this? This is Mo D man outta Lansing, Michigan. What's up mo d get off your chest. Hey, I want to get off my chest to a certain demographic. If you was born in the seventies, raised in the eighties, hustled in the nineties and blink blinked in the two thousands, you part of the greatest generation that entrepreneurs alive today. I believe I, I rock with you. There was no better time than the, in my opinion, in the eighties and nineties and two thousands.


Absolutely. So we at that age now to where we done reached that 40-year-old mark to where we know we got a president of the businessman. And one of the first rules of business is that is business. It ain't personal. I think we need to get with Dr. John Hope Bryant, Dr. Claude Everson, but, and Anderson, Dr. Boyce Watkins at Big Meet and get everybody together and let's hold up to Entrepreneurs Conference. Okay. I like the diversity, Big diversity. I Don O'Brien and Big I ain't mad at you all brother. That's right. That's a conference. We need to get all the hustlers that ain't nothing but entrepreneurs together and we need to sit down and talk and figure this business out.


Okay. He from Michigan too, so that's why he he handed. Okay. Absolutely, man. From Michigan baby. Alright Brother. Have a good one. Alright, You too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We are Talking about R Kelly. His team has filed documents alleging that he overdosed while in solitary confinement. Y'all alive? No. Yes. Oh. So what? We know he is alive, but it it's gonna, it's a lot to talk about. 'cause y'all know his team is also saying that prison officials are trying to take him outta here. Allegedly. Yeah. This is their, like they're pointing to this to say, here's another instance of what we was telling y'all about Jesus. Wow. All right. We'll get to that next. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight Face Check out. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on The largest, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Oh, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. Okay, so this news is actually breaking right now. Shout out to Ball Alert who was the first outlet that we saw actually posted it. But last night r Kelly's team filed an emergency filing. I received the filing a little bit after midnight. So I believe that's why it's breaking right now is because outlets are waking up.


So in the emergency filing, they alleged that r Kelly was given an additional dose of medication by prison staff. And they're alleging that because of that additional medication that he was instructed to take and that he actually took, he suffered a overdose. So they say that he woke up or Kelly woke up allegedly on June 13th and he felt faint. He was dizzy. He started to see black spots. He got up and he fell. He crawled to the door of the cell and he lost consciousness. Then at that point he was placed on a gurney. He was taken by ambulance to a nearby hospital because they tried to take him to the hospital inside of, or associated with the facility that he's in. But they couldn't help him. So they took him to an outside hospital.


In that outside hospital. Well, on the way to the outside hospital, his team alleges that it was overheard someone in the ambulance from the hospital say, this is open, this is going to open a whole new can of worms. R Kelly's legal team then alleges that once he got to the hospital, it was then revealed that he had been given an overdose quantity of medicine. He has, he was in the hospital for some days and this was within two days of that original filing where his legal team is alleging that prison officials are trying to take him outta here. Now they say in addition to this incident, this overdose. Right. They're also pointing to the fact that r Kelly allegedly has been asking for months to get some medical attention to a swollen leg.


R Kelly's legal team says that once he was taken to the hospital for this overdose situation, he brought r Kelly brought up the swollen leg and they alleged that doctors there then took a look at the swollen leg and they found blood clots in r Kelly's right leg, allegedly in his left leg and his lungs allegedly. And r Kelly's legal team is saying that r Kelly was then told he should stay seven days in that hospital for surgery and then it would be additional two weeks because of whatever care they were gonna need to give him. But his legal team alleges that once the prison was contacted, r Kelly was then removed against his will by, by guards from the prison and was not allowed to be treated.


And they are saying that basically this could kill him because of the blood clots and the of the care that they're alleging he is not receiving. Now they do say that all of this can be proven. They say that the things with him getting to solitary confinement and taking that additional med medicine allegedly will be on prison cameras. They, they say on prison cameras. You will see r Kelly arrive to solitary confinement when you arrive there because he takes medicines already for anxiety and sleep and other things. You have to show your medicine to guards, which they say is on camera. And then they say you will see the additional medicine being brought to r Kelly on camera as well. And that the, is the, the stuff at the hospital with the clots and not being treated.


All of those accusations they say can also be proven via hospital records. So they filed this emergency motion trying to bring light to this, to the same court that they are saying, Hey, all this other stuff is happening. We're telling you he needs to be released because it is not safe. But why, why, why, why does R killing his team feel like the feds are trying to kill him? 'cause he's not coming out until what, December 21st, 2045. He received 30 years of federal prison. So why does he think they're killing him? What does r Kelly know that makes the feds want to kill him? So according to r Kelly's legal team in the first filing, and they reiterated in this one, that whole plot to uncover the fact that there were things that were done wrong when it came to, remember I talked about like the flipping of the witnesses and all these things that they're alleging happened.


Basically they're saying the gov, the government and the prison officials have been covering up the fact that they did whatever they needed to do to convict r Kelly, allegedly and his new legal team and trying to file for other things, discovered that and brought it in a plan to bring it to light. And they found out. So this is all a way to cover that up. That is what r Kelly's team is alleging. Is it just me or wasn't there a videotape of r Kelly having sex with an underage girl? Did, did we not all that? Yeah, they're So they're not, they're not, they're not, they're not arguing that that did not happen. Right. They're, what they're arguing is that when Riel Clary, who was one of the major witnesses in r Kelly's cases, and there's another woman who was also another witness in the Chicago case, that the way that they came about being those star witnesses was illegal.


That's what r Kelly Seamans alleging. Like they used an informant to flip these women who were not going to be witnesses. They used emails and phone calls from r Kelly allegedly to another woman to then they gave it to this informant. The informant goes to these, you know, ex-girlfriends or whatever they, whatever they were at the time of r Kelly's and gets them upset and makes them want to testify. And that is illegal. But r Kelly Kelly's team does know that they was selling them r Kelly porn tapes like the Nintendo Switch too, like crazy outside of clubs back in the day. R Kelly's all over the place on Canal Street and Yeah. Yeah. Like crazy. Like we all seen the tape trying to figure out Why he wasn't n Soon it was illegal to see the tape, but mad people seen the tape. R Kelly's legal team knows everything we know because we all watch that case play out in public.


Okay. And not public, but like we, we followed it. Yeah. And they have still filed this. And they, they also point to the fact that the government called the first filing. 'cause remember I was like, yo, this is like a movie. They're saying that this man inside is supposed to take him out and they're like, people call this theatrics and you know, a fantasy. But here it's something that we can prove via hospital records and jail video allegedly. Yeah. Yep. Okay. Yeah. So that is what's happening right now with r Kelly. And the news is breaking literally right now. So Now I just have one last question. How, what, what's the probability that because of all this, that they will give r Kelly out early? 'cause his date is December 21st. I think 2045. I can't, I'm not a judge.


I can't answer that. But I Emini here if, if they can prove something like this with videos and things of that nature there, you, a judge would have to consider some sort of like, safety something because he's locked up and he gonna do his time. But like, you can't, if this is actually happening, which it's very far fetched, but if it is actually happening, you do have to have a conversation about like safety and the way he's being treated. Right. But he is not gonna come home. No. I don't know what will happen. But there will have to be like, there, you can't ignore it is what I'm saying, because I don't know what will happen. But obviously you won't be able to ignore something like this if it is proven to be true. No, he's not gonna come home. I don't see that happening. Yeah. Yeah. Well look, I, I'm just telling y'all what just happened. What? I got money Now And I put a file sign in the front of his yard would be Oh my goodness.


Oh Wow. Oh, like how you have to let the people know in the community. Yeah. You, yeah. You gotta put sign. Well, his sign would be crazy. Yeah. He gotta live. Get his own block, get his own community. Maybe be banned from McDonald's. Yeah. All Of that. Mm. Especially the playhouse ones. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Oh, and comedian Arnez. J o be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. What's that? Oh. And also Charlemagne is out today. So if you want give somebody Donkey of the Day, you can get on them phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. Whoever it is, it could be your boss, your coworker, your neighbor, somebody you seen on the street. It could be us, it could be the president, it could be your congressman. It doesn't matter who it is.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Give whoever you want. Donkey today. Call us up now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along Lar is here. Let's get in some front page news. Now, last night, OKC beat the Pacers one 20 to 1 0 9 OKC leads series three two. Now, I don't know if you was listening Morgan, but during Get It Off Your Chest, somebody was mad that you called Donald J. Trump the president. Yeah. You know, And then she tried to blame me. It was you. She tried to blame me. I guess it's the D thing. How Would you call the president by his title? Oh man, I don't know. Right, Right. Whether we agree or not, like what the hell Said she, yeah.


You know, I try not to get too much onto my personal, but you know. Yeah, that's, that's, that's the man's title. So that's what we gonna go with. I'm Just jumping this up. What we talking about. Meanwhile, president Trump is ramping up ice raids, which have sparked major protests in Los Angeles and other major cities around the us. On Sunday, Trump announced that he is directing his administration to use every resource possible on mass deportation efforts. He mentioned increasing enforcement actions in cities like Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, and other cities that he considers the core of the Democrat Power Center. Now this comes as 38 people have been arrested in connection with the No Kings protest that took place over the weekend on Saturday in downtown Los Angeles, California.


LA Mayor Karen Bass has this message after more than a week of straight protests, let's take a listen. My message to Angelinos is, is that we have to stand together. My message as mayor is, is that I respect and honor our tradition here, which is we are a city of immigrants. And I think, frankly that that is our strength. So President Trump continues to defend his use of the military in LA saying if the National Guard wasn't on call and ready, then the protest,


who Loves getting a great deal? Everybody. Right? Well, it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It is one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create


Would rip LA apart. Now, 35 arrests on Sunday were for violating curfew. One person was arrested for failing to disperse another for resisting arrest, another for resisting, obstructing, or delaying an officer. The LAPD says protests remain peaceful for most of the day. That was on Saturday since June 7th, the LAPD has arrested about 561 people in connection with ongoing protests against federal immigration raid. Now 12 officers have suffered injuries during that time as well. So we'll continue. I do have a question I I I see it says as of June 1st they said they ISIS picked up 51,000 people. I wonder how that affects the economy, right?


Because they, they're not just picking up people from jail, they're picking up people from their jobs. They're picking up people that are working. They're people that from their homes. People that have too are committed to the, to our, you know, to America. So I wonder how that affects economies in different places. We're definitely probably, well we're definitely, we're gonna see how that tends to impact us economically, probably over the course of the next, you know, few months. But to your point and be, yeah, that you're seeing a lot of people being picked up on their workplace and a lot of people who are not going to work because they're fearful or not not going to schools or not even participating in extracurriculars with their kids. They're, it's happening here in the DMV as well. Football games and soccer games that, you know, parents are afraid to go to extracurricular activities that parents are afraid to go to because of ICE raids and these ICE raids.


And then, and they're pulling up not identifying themselves. Which brings me to my next story. California lawmakers are introducing new legislation aimed at making law enforcement officials, including federal agents, provide better identification and not hide their faces with things like Mask US Attorney for Massachusetts. Leah Foley has some comments on that. Let's take a listen. Federal Agents and their children are being threatened, doxed and assaulted. That is why they must hide their faces. So the decision by California lawmakers follows ongoing protests across the country. As previously mentioned, the bill aims for more transparent transparency and public safety. Lawmakers also say it takes away the idea of what they call secret police.


It may face an uphill battle as federal agents, including ICE agents typically work under federal immigration law and not state law. Which brings me to the next story. In New York, mayor Eric Adams was asked about all of this, you know, how do you feel about working with ICE on which type of matters are you working with ice? And you know, initially when we started talking about these ice raids, Eric Adams took the stance where he was like, I'm just, you know, we're not gonna be involved. We're not gonna work with ice. But now he's saying that he will, in fact, in the city, will work with ice on criminal matters. Criminal matters, not civil matters. Let's take a listen. We Do not in any way collaborate with civil enforcement.


We're gonna always collaborate with criminal actions. Of course, as previously mentioned, Trump announced he is directing his administration to use every resource possible on mass deportation efforts. And also mentioned New York, LA, and other cities in that, in those comments. And if I can before I go, Vance Volter, the man who was on that killing spree or to, to an extent in Minnesota. He is officially been charged in federal and state court over the murder of Minnesota lawmaker. Melissa Hortman and her husband Ter appeared in federal court on Monday, charged with multiple crimes, including stalking murder with a firearm and firearm offenses. He also faces multiple counts of second degree intentional murder and attempted murder in state court where a Minnesota judge ordered Cher's bail to be set at $5 million.


So that's your front page news. Continue to follow us on socials at Black Information Network down the free, download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. You can find me on social at Morgan Media. Thank you so much, y'all Alright Boo. I do, I do have one question, Morgan, before we go, right? Yeah. Let's get to it. So the shooter that you just spoke about who killed two people and wounded two other people, shot two other people, right? Yes. Yes. How the hell do they give him a bond of $5 million? Mm. He killed two people right? And he shot two other people. They gave him a bond of $5 million. Right. Not to compare a left and right. Yeah. Diddy is accused of doing a bunch of crazy ish. Yes.


They got no bonds. This guy killed two people dressed up as a police officer, attempted to shot two others and got a $5 million bond. Right. Guess what? Racist. I Just say that. I just wanna say that 'cause that's wild. That is wild. Yeah. Yeah. Yes it is. And that's your front page news. This Is America. Thank y'all. When we come back, Arnez J will be joining us. Comedian Arne J He has a new special, not gonna stop streaming on YouTube now. And we gonna kick it with the OG when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club DJ and b, just hilarious Charlemagne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Who's starting is already a legend. Ladies and gentlemen. A j comedian. What's up brother? Thank you Man. How paying Amish to all of y'all God is great. I'm real. I realize why you're such a good comedian. You are a very observant person. Soon as you came in the room Yeah. You observed a whole surrounding, you saw that absolutely s right. Absolutely. I I teach my crew team. NII scanned wherever I go. And, and maybe that was 'cause I, I, you know, I grew up fighting all my life. I scanned Emini here my first day of school. I'm thumping and that's, you know, I'm out the Pobe projects out of Florida, so. Oh man. Wow. Yeah. I'm straight outta po beans. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you was there when it was really the po Be Project. See that right there? Yeah. That's the one here. The Quitter right there.


Damn. Yeah. I Emini here. I ain't big dude, but yeah. You just can't whoop my ass in and not see me the next day and say, Hey man, you know about yesterday. Oh no, you back as bro. I lost. I gotta get even. That's right. Emini here. I get that. No, I'm, I'm not that bad. I'm not that bad. But you grew up Emini here. Pork bean projects is notorious and Emini here that the area you grew up in was really, really notorious. Yeah, I was, matter of fact, I was in between Systrom and, and, and all, all the way across the one, my whole family across hundred 35th at 95th Avenue and all that. Yeah. We, yeah. Wow. Yeah, you've seen some things. That's right. I I, yeah. I coulda, I I coulda had a lot of hatred in my life, but I don I don't, I'm not an evil person.


I'm not Emini here person. I love, I love life. Whether you light-skinned or not, you know, Puerto Rican or not whatever, Dominican. Damn. You looked at everybody and got it right. He Puerto Rican. He Dominican. I am not Dominican, I'm black. I don't know you fully black, are you? Well you black now 'cause of the election. Are you black? Are you black? Come on now. Come on now. I'm always black. Come on. NC Okay. C. Okay. C. Okay. You know, I, you know, I use, I I usually wear a jacket when it comes to it. 'cause you never know how cold it is. Do you mind if I take off my jacket? Yeah. These thing. Okay. Because I, you know, I stay for a while. It's 85 degrees in New York. Yeah. Stay for, lemme take it off. Sexy your mind.


Wait, wait. Now this is what if everybody in here was gay, you mind if I take my jacket it off and it don't go all the way. You just stare at you for a minute. Look at me. Shy. Emini here. We happy. Pride. Well, thank you. Damn. See what I'm saying? You walk right into that. I walked right in. You don't want no straight man. Happy pride man. You know what? Y'all are projecting good energy for me. You trying to get the handcuffs off man. You reminiscent. You reminiscent about me. Walk me. Right. You know I did see you get chased once I advised unless you want a reenactment, he took off too.


He's asked, man, lemme tell you something. Lemme tell you something. When this thing in my mind, this s Right. And I'm sorry I didn't mean this say word, but I'm like this, this, this Observation. Observation scan. You scan, you scan the streets or you miss every car. You missed every car when you dipped. And damned sure did that, you knows. And, and, and, and see a lot of people. And it reminded me of me when I did, and a lot of people don't know this. When I did the Eazy-E video, a lot of people thought, which one? The Compton City g's. Wow. That's that's what this record the Dre. Exactly. But everybody thought that was AJ Johnson because he did the first one with, with D Drake.


No, that was me that did that. Because you, you'd have been able to tell the difference. Just back the speed that I was running. They told me to slow. Remember the scene when it was run through the park? Yeah. The dog was chasing me. They told me to slow down. I said, dude, I'm an athlete. I ran track. Y'all got your pants low and you played baseball. And I played baseball. Yeah. I watching you running the park. Oh, you running pretty fast now? I'm watching running. I tried. He comes into the G video, but I have to see, have him see it again. Did you running pretty fast? I had to hold my hat. I seen you holding, you know, you know, just like a famous person in the hood said they were running the 4, 2 40. Oh Lord. And I was like, if you don't stop.


If you don't stop. If you don't stop. And I love both him, Kevin, myself, and Kat had a race for real, real talk in real life. Real life. Where story. I think we were in Cleveland getting ready to do a show. How did this race happen? I'm saying who's talking to We had a race. Okay. I'm the oldest. Who What year was this? It don't matter. ITT matter. It don't matter is in Jesus' log book. It don't matter. And you won. I'm just letting you know they didn't So you ain't see the 4, 2 40 is what you're telling us? Mm. I didn't say he couldn't run. Okay.


Okay. You know, because anybody getting chased can run. That's right. That's right. But a 4, 2 40. Come on man. But I love, and And I want to clear some of 'em and I'm glad I brought his name up. And then can I get to this? You can do it. You I'm so amp right now. We here for a while. We your time, man. Thank you. Ain't going nowhere. I wanna clear something up with, with my fans and with the people that have seen this interview. Something was asked about Kat Williams and myself and I said Kat did something for, for my brother that I would never, no one can ever say nothing bad about Kat to me. And let me say good morning to all of America, Kat has a great heart.


A lot of people just don't understand him sometimes. But there is a great heart and a and a great young man in there. And he helps people out without thought process. Meaning, I ain't got to know what your problem is, but I know you, this would help you monetarily. A lot of people say that, by the way too. Yeah. Especially comedians. Kat did something for me. Oh, I'm trying not to get emotional. CAD did something for me that had nothing to do with monetary value. Had something to do do with the way your heart has been built. My brother who was in the wheelchair, we were doing a show in Detroit and my brother, where the way he was sitting, he couldn't come back to meet everybody.


And, and, And I can't remember if, 'cause I didn't remember it at first. People think Kat gave some money to my brother for what? I, I, I got money. Kat did something that most humans wouldn't do without, without thinking. He went and sat and talked to my brother while everybody else is backstage meeting everybody. He talked to him. Wow. So he saw your brother. You saw him? Yeah. Saw him, him physically went out there and talked to this young man. That's why I can't, nobody tell me nothing bad about Kat. No matter whatever other demons may be going on.


You can't talk to me about it. That's not my lane for that. My lane is what he did for my brother without which money could never compare to you. You understand me? Absolutely. So, I I just wanted to clear that up. Had nothing to do with money. Had every bit to do with this brother's heart. His brother's heart was so I just wanted to, to salute the cat. That means a lot. It means more than a lot. Absolutely. You said you wanted to clear up what the people think out you and Cat have beef or you and Cat had No, no, no, no, no. Everybody, like you said, everybody especially committee to think that everything's, it's about monetary value that he throwing out money. No, he threw out his heart. Ain't throw out money. He threw out his heart. That maid that made my brother probably thought he was standing up and walking again.


Dope. You understand what I'm saying? That's why that's I know exactly what you mean. I know, I know. I, I know people who've done that for other people. Like didn't give them no money, didn't put them in a movie or anything like that, but just showed up for 'em. I say that about, you know, Issa Rae all the time. Issa Rae showed up for one of my, you know, homegirls when she was going through them. My homegirl did ultimately, you know, take her life a couple years later. But yeah. Yeah. When Issa showed up for her, my rest in peace, Jasmine fly Jasmine Waters when Issa showed up for her. I know what that did for her and her spirit. So for all we know that might have kept her alive, you know? Mm. For just a short while. Couple years. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, IIII get exactly what you're saying. We're still kicking in with comedian RSJ, his new special, not gonna stop it's streaming on YouTube.


Now you could, you've been compared to, to legends like Eddie Murphy. Okay. And Richard Pryor. You heard that before I'm sure. Yeah. And Flip Wilson. And Flip Wilson, Why do you think RSJ hasn't, like he said, done this special in 10 years, took off the way that these comedians named that I set. Is it because you balanced family life a lot better? That's an excellent question. And also you just gave a great answer. I was already into a family when I got into this that couldn't stop. Did I wanna be famous? Of course. That's why you get into this. But then I smartened up and realize do I want the fame or do I want, do I want stability down the road?


Right. Give me the stability. You keep the fame. I know a whole bunch of famous broke people, but I got my fans who have never let me down my special right now within five days it was at a million views. Five days that don't happen. 2 million views too months. I'm, but we had 27 days. We had 2 million views. I can only thank God Almighty. And and there's people out there that care about me. That's why I give every, when I'm on stage, I give everything that I have. Whether there's one person on stage or it's 10,000 on the, in, in, in the arena. I give everything that I have.


'cause I'm not afraid to fail. I'm afraid to let my fans down. People work hard for their money. I'm your comic relief. They, they need that pressure taken off of themselves. So when comedians beef with each other, some of it's legit. Some of it's not. Anything that I do, I do it in front of your face. And then have you ha want to handle it after that? You know, you know, it is an interesting question, envy asked. But I think one thing people don't realize about comedians, guys like you make money. Like I, I done seen you a couple of times, you don't even know because I was, I was, I was a youngster back then.


Columbia, South Carolina town, laboratorium. Wow. What you doing? Columbia, South Carolina. That's where I'm from. You from Carolina? I'm from Charleston, South Carolina was born in Charleston, raised in Mos Corner. You from Gucci Land? Yes sir. Gucci land. Absolutely. I'm, I tell you Gucci, my Gucci land. Gucci land. I bump my bad Now you would hear Arnez J name all the time. AJ gonna be at the Township auditorium or Wow. You know, on SJ gonna be at the Gillard Auditorium. So I've I've seen, I've personally seen you on stage. Years, years, years, years, years ago. Thank you. So you think about that's what I've been doing radio 27 years. Yeah. So I you've been, your career's been longer than that. Yeah. It's been almost 35. That's what I'm saying. So guys like you been on the road, y'all on the road making tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars a weekend.


And that's like, don't count my money now. No. No. Oh. But that is one thing I hate. Do not look in my pockets. And that's anybody with me working with do not look in my pockets. Most comedians are of certain status I feel would rather have females working for 'em than men. You know why, why? Because we're men. We're alphas. You wanna be the top dog. You wanna be that alpha male. Why are you making all this money? I, I need to make more. Most of the time women, they're not in competition with you.


They there to do a great job. So when they do their job, it makes it easier on you. A lot of comedians have a woman that will open up for 'em. It doesn't matter to me whether you're a woman or, or a man. I've had both, but it's most, and if I'm wrong, you can tell me I'm wrong. But, but I don't think I am. I'm gonna take that clip and put it outta context. I just want you to know that you can go do what's wrong, man, woman. But I don't care if it's a man or woman. I had both. Yeah, yeah, no, you, you can do that. You can do that. Because I got context too. I, you know, see, you see how I don't run away from that. You see how I don't run away from that? You in my lane. So I'm gonna put you back in your lane.


So do whatever you want because by the time I'm done, you and DJ have slept with each other. So now you do that if you want to. But you ain't the first to say that though. No, I, you ain't the first to say that. Yeah, but the way I'm going to do it, the way I'm going do it, I No, you think he's smiling and slip, turn pink automatically. That's blood rushing up in there. You crazy. You crazy. That's that, that, that, that's that Coda blood, that's that coda button. Why you, why, why you think Shot Ain? Looks like an Egyptian. Wow. Him, eyebrows. Anybody Goddamn eyebrows. I said I, I know somebody done sprayed a airmark up in there looking like an it's natural man.


No, definitely not natural. He played with the eyebrows. Yeah, man, you go with that. Can I curse her hair? Go, go with that. Behind. That's when you on that natural, because the D done set in. So he try to wipe out, wipe it off. I don want natural no round, round here. That's natural. I don't know how that happened. Yeah, you, I don wearing mascara. How come you the only human that that's natural and all the other gym just had that done. Why don't my eyebrows look like that? And that you ain't done? Huh? You ain't get yours done. I know you done shot some ink in there. You ain't slim. You done shot some ink or had it threaded? Whatever that thing's called. Nah, nah, I'm not gonna lie. When I was young.


Oh, oh, oh no. I'm gonna tell you why. Here it go. I used to work. Lemme tell the marketing place and it was two girls and they told me that Tupac get his eyebrows Arch Nia and Samira. That's what they named. And, And I got my eyebrows arch 'cause they told me Tupac did. Okay. Do you know when my mama used to know that I was lying? What? She would say? What? Hold on. I wanna ask about his style of comedy. Right. Because you ever I wanted to stay in that realm though. But go ahead. We'll let you go. Oh. When you on stage you're very animated. Yes. Did you study like dancers or like, believe it or not, IED Ja, I modeled in jazz dance for three years. Wow. Cleo Parker, Robinson. And I've always, I was always a dancer. I've always been physical.


I jumped off my mama's roof one time. A pair of girl animal underwear and a towel wrapped around my neck thinking I was Superman trying to grab a tree limb. Jumped straight. Airborne. Did you make it? No. And then I got my behind whoop damn. After she made sure I was okay. And that's what black mamas do. Yeah. She ain't even check, check to see if you was trying to kill yourself. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. All that air left outta me though. All the wind left. She beat you immediately after. I'm just glad I wasn't hard 'cause I would've, I would've broke that little thing. I was, I was kind of high up in the head. See how I mess your mine up with that? What he, how I mess his mine up, You know, in, in the new specials Kinda lack and the few special, not gonna stop comedy.


You said that Prince called you. He did. You said his voice sounded sexy. Mm. You said you would let him hit, huh? No, I'm just kidding. Okay. That's he See you know what dj I know some He playing with you all there. I know. I he playing with I know I'm gonna have to do you trying to be slick. Okay. Okay come. I let him hit I'm even though when you looking in his eyes. Oh you were locked. Oh, Charlamagne met him. Couldn't even say sentence. You could not look him in his eyes and leave unless his eyes released you. He made me stutter And I don't even know why. I don't even, I know why you stutter because your brain was saying, well so what we going to do? Yeah. Your brain said, well okay, you gonna let him hit or you going, you already looking at your eyes 'cause you already look like an Egyptian.


So what you want do He had those too though. Prince had them, them eyes like that. Lemme tell you something, star. He did. Prince Eyes? No, prince Eyes and Tupac eyebrows. Wait, who? Who did this on your show? Oh, Darnell. Darnell. Darnell. Donne Donne. Donne Donne. And you was in his back. Oh. And Donne. Oh, I heard what you said about me fam. What'd he say? What'd he say? Well, he was it, he was, I Darnell. I like Darnell. But he was saying, I'm just going by what was told to me.


He was like that I can't get a job at 9 19 92 hundreds J out working every week. No, I'm 1992. Oh wow. No man, if I'm lying he'll let you know. Let me call him. I don't give fuck Call CCBs. You think my heart pump walked? No. But you think my pump water? I don't believe he said that. Okay, let's find out. Let's see, let's see. He might answer. Let me see if I don't believe Darnell said that. I promise. Promise. You know if I'm FaceTiming him, it must be something. What's up son? Let's see, let me see if he, I'm not calling him out. I'm just telling you. He tell me what you heard. Tell me what I heard he answer. He ain't picking up. Nope. Why your phone sounds so sexy.


But what did Prince say when he called you and as why you slurring your essence? He wanted me, he wanted to meet me And I thought they were joking. I went to meet him and when I met him I was in Oakland, California. When I went there, when we first met, he was in rehearsal. Larry Graham was just either getting ready to walk off or walking off and he saw me and he told me, come on in. 'cause I didn't wanna disrespect. I'm up here watching this man in rehearsal and I'm the only one in the audience. That's dope.


The only one in the audience. Then he told me to come on stage. Prince man, prince is a beast. When I looked in his eyes And I looked in his eyes like, you, you're not gonna let me leave, are you? You're just gonna hold my heart. He, dude, I was in such amazement. Then when I saw the wardrobe, the clothes that he was gonna wear, I didn't even want my clothes no more. That's my role manager. Laughing. Listen. So I, we know we saw Prince float away, dude. I went out and bought me a shirt with the back cut out. Shut up man.


Rod, am I lying? I wouldn't tell. I went, I said you wouldn't tell I'm here to tell the truth. I went out. I don't, I don't, I don't line my interviews. Where'd you find, where'd you find a shirt with the back cut? It don't even matter. We was in San Francisco. Oh, okay. I got you. Easy to find. Got you, got you. Yeah. Got you, got you, got you, got you, got you. My back was cut out. Thank, I didn't baby oil back there. I wasn't even a comedian when I went upstairs. I'm up here trying to shimmy that. The back cut out. You know what Charlemagne said? Charla, now we see him and it was in the hallway. Charlemagne walks up to him. I'm seventh day two. Well shut up. That's not, he didn't say hello. What happened? That's the first thing that was on Charlamagne mind saying Prince was in the building.


Mind you was six in the morning like Prince in the building. Why would Prince just randomly be in the building? Did you do this before you went out? He didn't. He did ine absolutely positive. Did you do that before you went out? He licked his lips. You could tell him, bro, he fixed his eyebrows. You get that? You lick your eyebrow. No. What happened was, Charmaine, did you do this? When we walked out the studio and we went to the hall, he was already walking by and he saw us and he came walking towards, he actually came walking towards us. Okay. But when he left did you look at his little ass? Yes. And I took a picture of the guy. Yeah, he took a picture. I took a picture of him as little as walking away because we asked him to take picture. Did it go knock, knock Listen. Am I lying? He was floating. No, I'm glad he was floating off the ground. Yes, I'm not. And then when I went to go show everybody, I'm like, yo, look, he was floating.


The picture was black in my phone. It was just a black box with a picture of I'm not, am I lying? Vy saw, Vy was right. All he was right there. We all saw it. He was walking away. 'cause we asked him to take a picture. He was like, nah, I don't wanna take a picture. Cool. And as he was walking away, I took a picture of him from behind and when we looked he was levitating off the ground a little bit. And, And I showed him, we looked all of the picture once to see him levitating. I'm glad you said that. And that shit turned to a black square. It did. I'm glad you said that because when he was on stage, you know they called me, he called me up on stage to perform Emini here, to sing with him and Larry Graham and everybody was up there when he started doing that little move. And I had never seen a pair of five inch to that old move.


Looked like no, like he wasn't touching the ground. Emini here. It was the weirdest thing. I So you are not lying? No, we said It. Nobody believes that. I don't tell the story 'cause nobody believes it. But I seen him take the picture he showed us and it was gone, Gone black box. I sent a Picture, sent a picture. Gone. Like what The what the, the picture in it's a black box with a picture up. Spirits. That's all. Listen, spirits. Why did you and Ricky Smiley have beef man? Huh? I done heard Ricky tell that story. He, I think he was up here. He told it and he told Okay. Tell me what he told you. He just said that y'all had beef for 20 years, never spoke. And then y'all randomly saw each other on a plane and ended up sitting next to each other and y'all squash whatever issues y'all had.


Well that's what happened. That what they told you. That's what happened. Yo Aren is stupid. Yo, you know you just did what your mama did You say no, I'm, no, he once you squash or we talk like two grown men. Once you we do that, then whatever you say without demeaning me and getting away from all of the truth, then that's what happened. We, we'll leave it at that. That's what, that's, that's what happened. Oh, good brother, man. Both of y'all good brother. Both of y'all good brother. How is Yeah, yeah. You know I I I reach out to 'em. Both of us have different places in life. You know, I, I can get along with, believe it or not, I can get along with anybody if you will allow me to get along with you plain and simple.


And if you want to go the other route and we don't want to get along, I get it. I, I wish nothing but success for yourself and or your family. Period. This life is too short for us to carry malice in our heart about people. Yo, you out here talking shit about og comedians man being disrespectful. Who? The 1992 comedian. First off son uncross your legs when you're doing them interviews son. Don't do that son. First of all, first of all recognize a pimp bitch. And I know, I know. 'cause you had your pimp voice the other time. I was like, this bout to traffic somebody son. That's okay. As long as you don't snitch, we cool.


Nah yo. And I'm gonna tell you honest this, you know I don't with nobody. You one of the ones I with. I know this sounds crazy, boy. When I see you I'm like, I want this take me fishing one day. No Diddy sir. We were just talking about that. So why you on 'em then? Why you telling other people darn This? I ain't never on this. No, no. What I said was, And I told, I said it wasn't bad What Darnell said. It was just funny when Darnell said, man, I can't get no damn work out here at 1992 RSJ working every week. Did you say that? No. I ain't never say that son. Oh, when somebody lied. Yeah, somebody lie. You gotta check that. I don't, I don't, I don't come out. Nah, uhuh no way son. I never said That. Oh, okay. Especially, especially with somebody that used, not used to but to continue to crush it like you did Uhuh.


No way. And I have to take your word for that plain til stop lying on Arnez J Stop lying on Cory Holcomb man, you need to leave that alone. Peace son. You need to leave that alone. No, with Cory man. I'ma tell you one thing about Cory that Mm, y'all might not know. What's that? That can fight. I so No, no, you no, no. Lemme get this straight. Okay. Okay. There's a whole bunch of people that run that yak and can't fight. Yeah. That's the legit strong man. I was with him in a gym when he sold, called members of a gang or OGs, whatever were talking and Corey said, well what you want, you know, basically do let's play ball.


'cause he could play some ball. He Emini here. He was slamming one of 'em started.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything. The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field. Or even look at the switch things up. Add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create Talking.


Corey swung him around like you know how you swing kids around? Yeah. Yeah. And the rest of 'em was getting ready to make a move. I jumped in, I said no, all y'all ain't gonna jump on him. And then there was some other comedians set back like little bitches. So let's just keep it, keep this real. Well co I need Corey, Corey from Chicago. I Corey, to confirm this on the 51 50 show, I, I wanna hear, I need to know who the comedians were that didn't jump in. Corey can thump. I believe he's a real good dude. If you don't want his type of truth, then don't ask his type of question. That's very true man. Watch off that J com you know, know what, you know what?


You know what? On YouTube right now on. You gotta come up here more man. Y'all gotta ask for me. I will come. I will. 16 years. Is this the first time you've been up here? It's crazy on that because I never thought Emini here. If y'all call on me, I'm gonna come. I'm gonna give you, I'll sit in. You tell stop through. I'll, I'll sit there. We'll, we'll we'll roast everybody out here in a good way. Word. Word in a good way. Yeah, because I don't, I don't want you getting yourself. No, you don't get in trouble like that no more, huh? Nah, nah. No. Nah. Lunch in the blue. Shut up man. It's The Breakfast Club on that. Thank you for joining Five man. It's the breakfast. Lemme cue out this way. Lemme cue out this way.


Let's get right to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren La Facts. Sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest the on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So the moment we have all been waiting for, what's that? People been wanting to see these Freak off tapes in the Diddy trial. Mm, Well Did not happen because only the jurors got to see the tapes. You are a clown. You a clown. Only the jurors got to see the tapes.


Now if y'all remember, because we've been talking about this for weeks in here. I told y'all in the beginning of this trial, when it first started, they made a rule on court that said when things like this, like the tapes or the even remember, remember when I talked about the screenshots, the photos from the tapes, we were not able to see them. Even the attorney Po gallery was not able to see them. Prosecution Shown it, right? Yes. This is, the prosecution is still present in their case. But they're doing this because they wanna make sure that nothing leaks outta court. Nothing like it's just very sensitive. Yeah. Stuff. But so yesterday I'll let you Go. Go ahead and then I'll ask. So yesterday the jury got to see some of the Freak off tapes. And the way that they did it is they shut down all the monitors in the court.


They give the jury headphones and everybody just sitting there while they're listening, They hear It too. So there were some reports that, and and some of my friends that were in like the main courtroom area said to me that you could hear kind of like, you know how someone's listening to something in headphones and it's like loud, you could hear little things like little moans here and there Like that. But I don't know how in detail that hearing was. And you don't really know what you're hearing because you can't hear you're, first of all the way that you're seated in court versus where the jury is. It's not like you're next to them. So you can be hearing something and you don't, like, you don't know what you're hearing. So They didn't have a little screen In front of them to watch it. They just had to listen. The jury got a screen. Okay. They could also watch it.


So they, you know, there's men and women on the jury pool. You know, a lot of people were asking questions about how did the jury look while they were watching it. 'cause it, they was played in a small like doses. So they played three Freak off videos. They played like 11 to 12 minutes of each video with the headphones on so that they could listen to the audio. But Emini here, they're, they're watching it. There was a report from TMZ and they, they do have shout out to Jacob Wasserman. They do have a reporter in the court as well too. And their reporter said that there was a giggle. I was not told about a giggle, but they reported that there was one witness that Emini here, one witness, one juror that giggled during it. But that people were just watching it. And I Did They need a break after? Like, did the jurors be like, I need a bathroom break after?


No, they So, Because they were, they were adults. They were adults on that tape. No, this man is crazy. It's the, it's the truth. They were adults on the tape and Well they only got, yeah, nobody was forced. This is was, yeah, there was, it was consensual for Call. There's a show. But the, so the clips are 11 to 12 minutes, but they're only watching about like 30 seconds of each one. Right. So you're not, it's not like they're sitting there watching a whole Well for sure Emini here. 'cause they went on for days apparently. Exactly. So I know we wouldn't be able to see a whole one. Yeah. But it was enough to have impact. So I was also told that. Sure. Well first of all, I think that it's just really smart. And I talked about this on the podcast, the latest with Lauren Rose in detail. So make sure you guys go take a listen to today's episode. I thought that it was really smart that the prosecution waited to play the tapes now because you know that the prosecution is gonna be ending their case by Friday.


Right? So we days out from the prosecution saying, yo, we good. We did Enough. But my question to you is right. Yes. If the Freak calls were consensual, right? And, and hearing all these testimonies, we are hearing that it was consensual. How are they able to use them? Right? Yeah. How are they able to use them? Because they're watching, it's like watching porn. They're watching consensual people have sex at. Yep. It's not like they're saying that, you know, did he tied somebody up or he forced somebody on these tapes or he beat somebody on these tapes. It's basically like consensual sex, celebrity porn sex. Yeah, correct. Emini here. Because you have to think about all the testimony that you've heard up until this, right up until this point. Like even though Diddy's team is alleging that is consensual, you've heard from multiple women, you've heard from, They said it was consensual.


Well, Cassie said that she did it, but she was, she, she alleges she did it because she was under the coercion or the force of something that made her not like she was being blackmailed. There was, there was different things that she alleges happened that made her do all these things. So technically, I don't know how you argue consent around that, but she's saying, okay, you might, it might come off or be said as if this was consensual, but you gotta think about all the things that were up against me. I was thinking, But that can't be proven in that tape because she also said that she set some of those free calls up. She, but think about it, right? Like, so even in the courtroom it's quiet as a mouse you can literally, like, it's so quiet 'cause everybody's trying to hear something. You hear little noises coming from the audio and you're actually now getting to, it's, it's, you're just putting color to everything that you've heard.


You're Sure they didn't show them, they didn't need to show them Freak off Emini here. You wanna, the only reason why I think this was, it Was consensual. Nothing was against the law. He's not, he's not being, you know, accused for, you know, beating anybody up on the Freak off. They just did that to embarrass him. They just wanted to show Diddy's penis and Diddy's ass and everybody else's Penis and ass. I don't, the only reason I, that's crazy, the only reason I disagree with that is because when you're in that courtroom and you're seeing these women on the stand crying saying, yo, my life would've been over if I said no, I wouldn't have had a place to live all these allegations. I would've. When it comes to Cassie, we saw the physical violence that she endured for. She said for sure because of that physical violence she had no way out. That's what she alleges. Right? And then you see Way out. That's a good one. Go Ahead. And then you see, you see what I did there and then you see the actual like, here's exactly what she was made to do.


So you've got all of the why, but he's not, and then here's the what and you put it together and then boom you have a, that's a case. But if he's not on the tape standing over and saying do this or what are you seeing? But just you just seeing consensual sex because they said most of the time Diddy was in the corner masturbating. Well, listen, I what? I will argue. You Just want to see the tape? I didn't See, I don't wanna see that. No, I ain't see it. I'm just, I'm just asking questions. I don't, I'm just curious. I will say please take a listen to the podcast, the latest with Rose because I get into this conversation because not everything was presented by the government or by the prosecution. The way that you wanted what you're saying envy, I'm just asking. But I do believe that there is something there and that's why they show these tapes. Okay. Now before we get outta here, I have an exclusive that I wanna bring worldwide Exclusive.


So we have a a clips joint, you know their new album is coming out. Let God sort 'em out on July 11th. So we have a worldwide exclusive, this is the new song off of the album it's called. So Be that We're gonna play. Wait, you Went to that listening session Last night? I went to that listening session last night. Okay, where was it at Emini. Here. What's that? It was at the Rock Nation offices super intimate. Okay. It was about a handful of us in there just listening with, you know, Pusha T and Malice and talking through some of the records and just they're feeling, and when I tell y'all I have never been so inspired by music, like I left And I was like, man, but you like the music. You like the music. I love the music. Okay. I love the full of, of course the full body of work. It's like a a, it's like it starts you one place and it takes you along a ride and then it ends you another place.


We did get to hear the Kendrick Lamar verse, did you get a Jay-Z verse? Oh I don't know nothing about no Jay-Z verse but I heard a Kendrick Lamar verse. Right. I just meant like just seeing them together 'cause it is been 15 years. Right? Ross is on the album. I don't know who else is on the album. I Know she trying to get all sentiments. Like who? I know we got, I know we got so beat it. We gonna play that. I don't know who else is on the album. Yo. They got Vado On the album. Who? Vato. I don't know about no va. I don know. So another How'd you get this record? Because I called them for a record and they said no. So how did you get this record? How did you used to get the records back In the day? Yeah, I would take 'em. Okay. No dj. I'm not a dj but we got that record, don't we? Period. Reach out And be mad and be salty.


All push. That is Lauren with the latest Free. See I do This music, latest litigation, all that. Get The music app Donkey of the Day. Up next if you want to give somebody Donkey of the Day. 805 8 5 1 0 5. And what's the name of the record? The Record is so be it. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember now that's is how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hello? Who's this Cook from Jersey Cook. What's up man? Who you wanna give donkey to brother? I Guess our so-called president for his birthday parade. Over a hundred million dollars for that. Nobody showed up because they was out protesting.


He gets the donkey of the week, donkey of the month, donkey of the get it Period. Okay, thank you brother. Absolutely love y'all. Love. Love You too. Hello. Who's this? This Is Shelby from Florida. What's up Shelby? Who you wanna give donkey today to My job because this is the third time they done mess up on my check and they don't know when they gonna fix it or what's the issue. So this is like, so I'm missing between five and 600 now How much they took out your check? Five. 600. Five six. That's what you said. 500? No, I'm missing Between five 600. They not paying me for all the hours I work or my correct. Premium for overtime. And what are they saying Between five to $600 when They gonna get the, they Don't know what the issue is.


They trying to work on it. Thank you for being understanding. Right. Basically they don't know what's happening. That's crazy. 'cause that's a whole bill. Yeah. What do you mean? It's, I know. So it's just a waiting game. I'm sorry But they definitely need it. I'm sorry Honey. I'm sorry Mama. It's Okay. Thank y'all for letting me get through because I've been trying to call y'all to get 'em. Don't get for the past few days. You wanna say your company's name? Blue. Stop playing with this lady. Check. Give her her money. Right. The she mess around and get fired now. No. Damn. They gonna remove the whole thing. I know babe. Her check will be zero next time. Hello? Who's this D from Queens. What's going on guys? D from Queens or part of Queens?


I'm from Queens Village. Hey, Queens Village, Murdock and Springfield. What's up? Talk to us. Who do you wanna give donkey to? I, I'm, my people are Latino people. You just talked about it with the ice raid. We wanna talk about tranny and gays and all of that. Especially people from New York. We've been around them my whole life. But for some reason now you want act like they're the worst people on earth. So either sat home for the election or voted against our interest. We acted like stupid white people. And look at the result. I wouldn't say all black and Latino people sir. I, there are some people that voted for Trump. I Said, I said enough, enough enough. I don, I wouldn't even say enough Emini here. There's a lot of Latinos that voted for Trump. Yeah. Hell yeah. But I wouldn't say enough people. 'cause the majority of people I know did not vote for Trump, sir.


But I get what you're trying to say. Hey, that's what they said to you. That's what they said to you? Yeah. I get what you're saying though, but all right, thank you. This is your donkey. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this ju calling Natural Jessica, Florida. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey yo, I'm getting DJ Vy and I'm giving Jesse oh Don Care today because y'all sitting over there asking us questions about r Kelly. And if y'all don't wanna see r Kelly coming home, man r Kelly gonna come home free that man. They doing him wrong. Thank you for Lauren for doing God getting deep answering them questions through her thing. Thank you for that DJ Envy and Jesse. Y'all ass gonna be mad and shit.


When y'all get to see Kelly walk through those eight home free getting the healthcare that he need. Man, y'all see everybody come home, he will be free. First of all, I am not spearheading a free r Kelly. Just very clear. Hey, hey. It ain't listen. They let Bill Coby come home. They know what they doing man. They wouldn't try to hold that man. Man. Do not make me the face of act. No Man. If I was involved in anything you need, I wasn't the only one came as city. But guess what though? He a black man shall be free. He did. He being wrong. Done wrong inside justice. So that shall be proven. Just ass sitting over there looking like a old ass court court.


Lawyers don't wanna see a man. Oh man, he coming home free that man. All right juvie. You got kids, he gonna send em right to your house first. Yeah. Period. So I just found out that juvie and our very old Lauren Larson are spearheading the free r Kelly movement. That's pretty Wow. No, no, No. I am not. No I am though. That's What he just said. That was That's what he said. That's what he said up here. He gave us dunk here today because he said then you did your job. He thanks you so much for doing your job and putting it out there that this man needs to come home today. That's right. For asking questions, all I did was ask questions of report information. I am not spearheading no movement. I don't got nothing to do with that. It's a little two step on out, out of that. Wherever you come from, Step the name of the love, Nothing to do with me.


Hello? Who's this? Hey, my name is Drea. I'm calling from Georgia. What's up? Drea from Georgia here. Georgia. What's up? What's Up? Who you wanna give donkey to? I'm gonna get a donkey today to people that use delivery apps and they don't be tipping the driver when they can see it. They gas in time because why you doing That? You know what is I, I'll be honest with you, Dr. I got into it with somebody the other about a, a month ago about this. Right. And this is, this is the point that I'm, I'm confused when you order a Uber EA DoorDash or any of those services, right? They put a delivery fee there. Yeah. Right. Then they put a service fee. So the delivery fee sometime be $4. The service fee's $2, that's $6.


So now I gotta pay for the food and tip and Tax and priority if you want your food before an hour 2 99, which is Also Yep. And it is $4 now. So don't be mad when people just throw a dollar tip because they think that you already got a $4 delivery fee. Exactly. Yeah. A $2 service fee, 2 99 priority and you want more money. Like that's a lot. Come on Dre. Absolutely. Because you still using this app, this app gotta pay for itself. And me and you don't go out, the eating don't pay. You still accept your service. Who gets a Delivery fee? What do you mean? I'm already there sitting there and nobody gotta, you know what I'm saying? Nobody gotta go out and and drive my food to Exactly.


Is in the food Delivery fees and the food. No, she said she's sitting down already. Oh, well I you saying them like bills and water bills. You're Damn right. You paying yours too, ain't you? Yeah. That's why I need y'all to steal. Or you could just get another job because they ain't pay you like you wanna be paid. They need to break y'all off. You can't get mad at us. They need to break y'all off some more money. See, I don't mind tipping for service, but I do mind when I order on those apps. And then you look and, and your meal is $20. Right? And then they charge you $4 delivery fee, $2 for service fee. 2 99 for priority. What are you paying for? Who gets that Money?


So when yours automatically selects the tip, you change it, you put a custom tip in. Damn Right. Absolutely. Oh, I live Until I get my food. Then you can add more. Right. Oh, Because you wanna see how your services Correct. I don never get, man, I, I'm glad they got that now. 'cause I used to over tip before, then I get my food in the somebody else food or it came too late or it's messed something missing And I can't take the tip back. So I tip a little bit in the beginning and then depending on the service, I tip you a lot more after I I could feel that. As long as y'all tip. Hell Yeah. Some people don't tip. And I, I used to work a job where I only made money off tips. So I feel the pain. Yeah. I never, not tip, but I think people, I think servers need to really go in it with Uber Eats and DoorDash, right? Yeah. Because the fact that they charge $4 and y'all not getting that $4.


That's disrespectful. That's crazy. That's disrespectful. Yep. But anyway, donkey today, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Charlemagne was out. So if you wanted to give donkey today, you could have called us up. Now when we come back running for the mayor of New York City is Michael Blake. He worked with Barack Obama and he's from the Bronx. So we gonna talk to him next while he wants to jump into this crazy ass race in New York City. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. He's running for mayor of New York City. Ladies and gentlemen, Michael Blake, welcome brother.


What's Good, what's going on y'all? How you feeling? Oh Man. Another day Above ground's. A blessed day. We rocking Right now. That's right. For people that that don't know who you are and your background, give 'em a a quick rundown of of who Michael Blake is Born and raised in the Bronx, New York Public Schools, K through 12 PS 79 1 18. Deal with Clinton. Uhm Go step back. Full name is Michael Alexander Blake. So for the Jamaican massive, you Know, as soon as you said Alexander, they knew exactly, they Really understand Busta Monte vibes. They really understand what's going on out here right now. Every everybody has a Winston Laton or Dexter in their family right here. Right? Or Donovan, you know, grew up here, left, went to Northwestern, studied journalism. My mom, you know, blessings to my mom 40 years.


She, she worked at a manufacturing plant, raised four boys. My dad got rest of his soul. He was the janitor of St. Barnabas. And after Northwestern, you know, life was changed forever. When I was trained by this man named Barack Obama was one of 10 in the yes we can program. They, they trained us on how to run races. Went out to Michigan, we won races in Michigan. And then rocked with him. You know, life, life was changed from there. I always joke I was the other black man in Iowa with him right there, right? And then after Iowa, seven more states. Went to the White House with him for two and a half years. Ran all his black outreach, minority business outreach. And then I came back home. 'cause I wanted to help my people.


I quite frankly, I wanted to show these young cats on the block that you can grow up on the block and still make it go to a White House and come home. Came back home, was elected to the Assembly for six years. My Brothers Keeper program for boys and young men of color. Prompt pay Bill raised the age. Khali Broder was our constituent. But now it's about, you know, doing more. So, I, I'm a husband, I'm a bonus father. Just having my, my first Father's Day as a bonus dad. So that's been a blessing right there of much love to the fathers all here. I'm an alpha, I'm a mason, I'm a reverend. We decided to here do something special. Now. Now why'd putting your hat into this, this, this New York City race. I Think I'm the best one prepared right now. Like the, the biggest thing people are facing is affordability. You know, New York is just, it's crazy expensive, right?


And at the end of the day, they got full, full agreement right now. And if we want to be serious about changing the game when it comes to cost of living, then there's specific things we have to do. We, we have to have ending credit scores. Credit scores being used for housing applications doesn't make sense. You know, we need to increase income limits on these housing applications as well. We need a local median income because area median income is not working. It doesn't make any sense that you have Westchester, Suffolk and Rockland County in the calculation. That doesn't make sense at all. And then when we think about what's happening, I do believe you need to have someone who has White House, state House and local experience. And I have all three because we're watching the foolishness of Trump and people are understandably scared every day, whether it be in New York or LA or any, anywhere in between.


And so I jumped in because I want to show people, yes, you can have the next generation of black leadership. Yes, you can have someone who is qualified at all the levels. Yes, you can have someone who's actually focused on affordability in a very real way. And let's be clear, you gotta talk about how you're gonna pay for all this. And I said there should be a vacant apartment tax for people that are not living in New York City. We should, you know, focus on the NYPD excess of overtime. You got $1.4 billion in that. You know, we can do things to actually pay the bills and actually make sure we change the game at the same time. And that's why I say to folks, you know, if you're looking for the candidate who can do that, you, you should be ranking Michael Blake first for mayor. How Did you feel about how mayor Eric Adams were in New York? Well, Emini here. I wouldn't be running if I thought he was doing his job.


Emini here. Emini here. He spent more time trying to stay outta jail than actually helping people. Right? What do you think he did good, if anything. And what would you change immediately that you didn't like what he did? Emini here, how much time we have? We Got a little good time. A little bit time Emini here. Look, I think how many things can you change Emini here you have a scenario where you had unconstitutional stop and frisk on the rise. You had a culture of corruption, you had a dynamic where they were trading dynamics when it comes to ice raids for him to, again, stay outta jail. That's, and that's not me saying that's just the reality. You have one outta eight New York City Public School students are homeless, costs are going up.


Emini here, like the list goes on and on. You know, I I think that you have a scenario where there was great talent hired in. I think sometimes what happens is that the, the very select few who made a lot of mistakes, cast a shadow on everything else. You know? But you can't ignore that when you have a dynamic where people were getting promotions because of, you know, sex deals at NYPD and people getting paid off. That's nonsense, right? And real talk, it makes it harder for all of us that are black that are trying to do some things. Because you go in these conversations like, well, I'm not sure if the city's ready for the next thing. No, it, it is. We are not him. And if we want to talk through how do we do this differently, then you gotta change the game on this.


And I gotta ask you, what the hell is cross endorsing, right? Because it came out today that you are cross endorsing ZR Ani. Yeah. What the hell is that? I, I, that's kind of, it feels like, look, we going to battle together, but we, we gonna be friends while we do it like that. What is crossing doors? You break it Down. Emini here. That's, that's the vibes right there. So 11 of us are Democrats running the primary, correct? Because we have ranked choice voting, which started four years ago. What Is ranked choice voting for people that don't know? So in New York City, you don't have to, and you shouldn't just vote for one person, you should actually rank five people. So whoever is your first choice when you go to vote, which if that means if you vote in absentee or if you voting early, voting early voting goes to the 22nd.


Or if you wait till the 24th, your first choice, you should circle in. This is my first choice. Your second choice. Second choice all the way through. Why? Because now the only way someone can win is if you get 50% plus one of votes. So whoever is the lowest vote getter in the first round gets knocked out. If envy says, you know what, Michael Blake is my first choice. And then, you know, Raven Robinson's my second choice and Hannah's my third choice. Michael Blake gets knocked out, then Raven then gets the vote. So it actually gives the voter of New York more power. 'cause back in the day, if you only voted for one person and that person doesn't make it through a runoff, then you're pretty much, you're done.


Right? So what we're saying right here for is in particular, when it comes to


who Loves getting a great deal, everybody, right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight, straight up. Do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fm, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale. Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's Create Zoran.


Zoran And I were talking about affordability the most, right? We're real clear on if we're serious about the, the number one issue that New York is talking about is that it is crazy expensive in the city. Mm. So who has the plans around that? And I've said, you know, I'm making it clear. I think Zoran is gonna be my number two. You know, I'm ranking him as my number two, you know, grateful that he's cross endorsing us as well because he's also making it clear we gotta break from the corruption of Cuomo and we gotta make it clear that he can address affordability. You can do both, right? So we gonna still figure out who's the rest of the ballot. You know, I think I'm pretty clear on, on the rest of that team. 'cause you have other great candidates, you know, Adrian Adams, you know Zel? No Omar, Brad land out here, you know, doing their thing. But I wanna make it very clear to New York City, you should rank Michael Blake first.


Especially for all the folks out here are still trying to make the decisions. But then the cross endorsement is saying, I want you to know that there are other people on the team that I also wanna make sure are on your ballot. We're still kicking in with Michael Blake, he's running for mayor of New York City. Why don't you like Cuomo Emini here? I I've seen you take his shots at Cuomo in his, in his past and all the things that he did with what, what's your major problem with Cuomo Emini here? 15,000 people died in COVID nursing homes 'cause of policies that he did for book deal. You had 13 women who credibly said that he sexually assaulted them and had a toxic environment. You have a dynamic where he said shuck and jive in 2008 and made it seem like it wasn't about Barack Obama. Barack Obama was the only black candidate that was real at that in that scenario. He, he consistently is laying out all the bad things about other people and is actually not talking through what is good right here, closed hospitals when it comes to addressing the mental health crisis.


So like, we don't need to go back to a name just 'cause you recognize the name. It's now time to change the game. And so I'm saying to folks, here's the difference you have. He's saying that when I talk about public safety, I'm saying it should be a thousand mental health professionals instead of NYPD. 'cause the NYPD will tell you they weren't trained on doing that. You wanna help these kids. We should have civics, financial literacy and mental health for every student before they graduate. You actually want to help people with their housing. Let's talk about what's going on with credit scores and income limits. And at the end of the day, Andrew Cuomo, who real talk wasn't even living in New York City for a minute, Emini here pretty much was in Westchester the whole time. Now is saying, I I should come back because he thinks he's the best option. No. How can you eliminate credit scores for apartments and home ownership?


Right? Yeah. Sounds amazing. Yeah. But I think you And I both know that anytime you go to fill out a loan, whether it's a a housing loan, a bank loan, an apartment loan, the number one thing they check is credit score. Yeah. Number two is, is probably your, your, if you actually have a job Yeah. Your, your your pay stub and Sometimes for good reasoning too, just to see kind of like what your payment history is like and all of that stuff. Like as a, like I get Yeah, you answered the question first and then I'll come back because I'm thinking about it out loud. Go ahead. Credit scores is a recent thing that started in 1989. This is not something that was like back in the day. We had many ways to assess how someone was able to pay their rent and their mortgage. The notion that a credit score, which could be impacted 'cause you missed a phone bill, a credit card bill 20 years ago is more important than are you paying your rent consistently.


Oh, I agree with you. It doesn't make any lot of sense. You Could have one bad month And then it as an entrepr And it's a wrap. Anything, one bad month, it's somebody steals your i anything happened one bad month and your credit's down in the drain. And I think that sucks. It's Destroyed. Yes. And and the reality is, I'm gonna actually go back to one of your earlier questions. This is one of the things that Eric has done well that needs to be expanded upon. We're not assessing these credit scores on some of these HPD units right now in New York City. Mm. So it's not an argument that we can't do it, it's a choice. So, you know, transparently, I'm on the board of Ready Life, which is where, this is where I learned about it. Chaired by, you know, Dr. Bernice King, led by Ashley Bell, where it was like, okay, let's use some common sense.


What is the best way to determine if you can pay your rent on mortgage on time? Have you paid your rent mortgage on time? That's more important than did I do something on this? So to me, if we actually want to help more people have a chance, eliminate that completely across the board and then assess, okay, how do I help you? But then the second pieces you have to do, we gotta increase the income limits on these housing applications. 'cause what's happening right now is you either have to be really rich or poor enough to get access to a home and then people getting boxed out. The reason why so many people are leaving the city 'cause housing and childcare. So to me, if there's anything that someone's trying to think through, what is the main policy I wanna make happen and credit scores when it comes to housing applications, expand that out.


You do that, which we know we can do. 'cause the city is doing it to a limited degree. Increase the income limits, do that, and then have a local median income that out the gate changes the game. And each of those three are happening in other places. The only reason why we're not doing it right now is lack of leadership. And if you're asking someone, yo, right now I'm struggling to pay these bills. I'm trying to figure out how to make this all happen, but my life is gonna be impacted by something I forgot to pay 20 years ago. That's crazy. What's your relationship with President Barack Obama now? How's Your relationship? Still, still my dude. You know, he consistently been a blessing to me. What's been his advice when he knows that you're running for, for this?


'cause he, he's faced some of the things that you facing now. He was far behind at one time. Yeah. So what, so what is his opinion to you? Be very clear about why you're running and giving people choice in contrast. Right? You know that you can't just talk through big ideas. You gotta make it clear to folks that there's a difference, right? Thinking about this, here we were, And I, there was a point, he was down like 30. He flew in, got everybody together, and he told this story about how he was at the St. Patrick's Day parade running for US Senate. And he was the last entering the parade. And so what that meant was that everybody was saying Barack Husain Os was saying wild things. And you know, they were a little drunk.


So people saying wild things. A year later, St. Parade, he was the Grand Marshall. Mm. And he was like, if you put in that work and you make a clear round choice in contrast, then people will remember. And I always took that and he stays with that. It's like when people voted for him, he said, I'm gonna end the war. I'm gonna get you healthcare. Make it real clear on your big ideas. Then everyone's can rock from that. And that's why I'm being consistent. In the same way when I talk through credit scores, we talk through a thousand mental health professionals. We talk through civics. Because when you have so many people in the race, if you don't give people that clear choice, then the easy thing is just pick a name you've seen before. Right?


And he stays with me. Emini here, the, the screensaver that I have is when we brought him to the Bronx, we launched my Brother's Keeper Alliance in the Bronx. And he, he would joke with me, he was trying to gimme a shout out. I was trying to be cool. He's a yo the president says your name. Stand up, get TV time. He still is in that same zone of follow the vision, make it clear, but make it clear about choice and contrast. Okay, well get out there and vote for the last thing. Tell people why they should vote for Michael Blake. Michael Blake is the only candidate saying the truth around ending credit scores for housing applications. Michael Blake's the only one that is out here saying that we need a thousand mental health professionals instead of NYPD. Michael Blake's the only one that's saying civic financial literacy and mental health for these kids.


I'm the only one that was that truth teller on that stage. Not afraid of Trump. Not afraid of Cuomo, not afraid of any of the noise. If you want someone who has the ability to change the game at all levels and you want the handsome Jamaican who actually comes from the Bronx right now, right? Who can talk about hip hop and talk about housing at the same time, I want to be your first choice and, and if I'm not your first choice, I want to be your second choice. But most importantly, I want to be on your ballot. That's why Michael Blake should be your mayor. Alright, well there you have it ladies and gentlemen. Michael Blake, do your research and if they want to and donate to your campaign, how can they do That? Oh man. Much love on that. Go to the website, Blake, FOR nyc.com. Blake for nyc.com.


You can sign up to donate. You can sign up to volunteer. We have offices all across the city, our headquarters in the Bronx at one Bruckner Boulevard. But we have satellite offices on five boroughs. And just again, remind, remember everybody fill out the ballot. Don't just rank me first. Fill out all five spots of your five choices that makes it a point that your candidate's gonna win. It's Michael Blake, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, good luck. Appreciate you. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free fan baby. She gets them from somebody that knows. Somebody know she gets the Details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest? The On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So guys, The Breakfast Club has John B saying that he regrets for criticizing Chloe Bailey over that song that she did with Gunna when she remade. They don't know what gunna Okay. Alright, so let's take a listen. John b sat down with my home girl. Shirley J, shout out to Shirley for Shirley Temple. Yes. Shirley. Shirley Young. Oh, she young. Okay. Okay. Hey Shirley, go ahead. And I'm sure she don't look how you think, but I'll show you.


Okay. 'cause you think she a older, all I see is gray hair, big bifocal glasses. No, I'm gonna show you my home girl Shirley. She's a she be out here. You might have to explain to people who John B is, just in case they don't know. Just in case y'all don't, y'all know who John B is. Don't they don't know. Don't do that. Not Jerry RB Singer. Just make sure just in case, Okay, I'm so That's crazy song. They don't know exactly. Sure. Yes. Wow. Envy. Okay, just making sure. Well anyway, now that y'all know who John B is, I'm sorry, I thought everyone knew. Yes. So he sat down with Shirley. Let's take a listen to what he said. It does get sampled every year. Sure. You know, by someone last year was Gunna and Chloe Bailey. That's right. How they put that, that ratchet record out that I couldn't stand.


Oh man. Damn. And I wish they never did, actually never got my rights to do that record either. So we gotta gunna we gotta holler about that. Got some business to take care of. That's, that's some business you gotta handle. But yeah, Emini here, you know what, it's all, it's all a compliment to what we did. Sure. That's Tim and Bob compliment. That's doubt. That's the compliment. But at the same time, my lane is my lane and my, my area is my area. And I earned that. No doubt. Just like if you made a hit in your area and you know, you do the, your song, whatever it is, I'm not gonna just come into your area, take your joint and make it mine. So that was not the clip that we were supposed to play. But that was important because those were the original comments that John B made that pissed people off.


Correct. He was serious. People were upset. Yes. He was on a a RB podcast. He had sat down and talked about this song and people were mad. They felt like that he was dragging Chloe and Gunna. So he, I haven't Heard the song in a while though. Do we have it? We do have the song. Let's take a listen to the actual song that he is responding to. Oh no. Yeah. I like Emini here. John B's a singer. Singer. So you understand why he's upset? Like he's a singer, singer. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. Yeah. I I, I get it. Maybe I'm just for the YNRB because I, maybe I'm just a, for the Chloe part of it all because she's a singer, she's a vocalist.


You know, maybe, maybe gunna shouldn't have been the one that, that his rendition of John b I don't know. I don't know. But I get why he's saying that, that I get why he said it, how he said it at the hearing it. Go Ahead. Yeah. So after that song and after John B was on the Can We Talk RB podcast and making those comments, we had Chloe Bailey here on The Breakfast Club and she reacted to it Let's like a listen to her reaction. How do you deal with critiques? 'cause I know John B came out and that was like a whole thing when you said that you were gunna song that you re remade of his they don't know was Ratchet. And people were upset at him for saying that. Yeah. Like how did you feel about that? John b is an incredible artist. If that song didn't exist, we couldn't sample it. So I love what Gunna And I did to it. And you know, I'm sad he feels that way, but Hey, everyone has opinions.


He also Said he didn't, it didn't get cleared. I was like, It had to get Clip. Yeah. That I Emini here. It had to get clip for us to get sold. Chloe said, don't ask me babe. Yes. That was just a Feature. So that clip right there is what John B has now responded to. Let's take a listen to John B. Regrets criticizing the song. What was your reaction when you heard Chloe and Gunna as you and me? I regretted how I spoke on it the first time. Oh, okay. Because I wasn't used to being on podcasts first all. I didn't do a lot of podcasts. So I was sort of new to that whole thing of speaking my truth in, in a way. But we like, we like your truths. Yeah. But also I have a, I'm really trying to represent myself in a way that I want to be rem remembered.


You know, recently I was just on a podcast. The lady that interviewed me played me. Her reaction to her being told that I didn't like their song, it hurt me. 'cause I was like, man, that's, that could be my daughter right there. Yeah. It hit different because you know, I never want to come off like a Hater man. Yeah. I don't, I don't necessarily think it comes off as a hater. It's no for He wrote the record, he's the record. If he feels a way about the record Emini here, you could talk About, about Keisha Cole. You remember for a long time, Keisha Cole was not clear love. She was like, no, I'm not clear in love. She was mad at OT Genesis for Res singing it. But then when Gorilla did it over, she loved it. Yeah. So it's, you know, if, if you wrote it, it's your property, you could have an opinion on all people re making their stuff.


And then I feel like you know it, if you gonna sample something, do it. Right. That's a certain way. You know what Emini here, you can't sample something and it be trash and then you expect the originator to be like, oh yeah, I'm for it. I love it. You know what, Emini here, like, I don't know, I just don't feel like Y'all didn't like the song. No, I, I'm be honest with you. No, I, I don't like Gunner's rendition of the chorus. It was Hook. You know what, Emini here can't touch Genres Gun quote Yet. It can't. Yeah. Well I do wanna mention, 'cause Charlamagne asked in our clip about the sampling. So in this interview too, John B does mention that he clear, he said that they re did reach out for the sample to be clear, but it was once it was already out. And he said that his issue with that was that he likes to, like you said, he just likes to know what's happening and he likes to be in the, for For sure rightfully so.


But yeah, so you know, that's us getting some things going again, as always. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. Now let's get to the mix. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We are gonna start off with this clips record. All right. This is Lauren exclusive, not an Envy exclusive of Lauren Exclusive. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. I wanna salute to everybody in Winnipeg. I'm gonna be in Winnipeg on Friday. Nice. That's Canada. So I'm gonna be DJing out there. I haven't been out there in a while, so I'm excited about that. And then I'm heading up to Albany on Saturday. So I'm all over the place this weekend.


I'm back outside this summer. Busy. I'm back outside this Girl. It's this season. The girls ain't got dance, the kids ain't got soccer. So you know, what is you outside? Yes. That's no more dance Dad. No more soccer. Dad. We outside said My season. He's free. He free. I'm free. Free. So I'm outside you outside this Weekend too. I am. I'll be in Buffalo, New York at the Helium Comedy Club. We got two shows on Friday and two shows on Saturday. Get your tickets if you have not yet. VIP is almost sold out for both nights. I'm doing meet and greet at the late shows on each night. So that's a nine o'clock show on Friday. Nine 30 Show on Saturday. Get your tickets if you haven't yet. And I wanna give a big shout out to my event I had yesterday. Dads on the Green. It was a, it was a success.


Shout out to Fulton Bank. They had a great team come out and educate and inform dads on financial literacy. Man. And Dispensary was also another one of my sponsors. They doing a lot of great, great in the community and Operation Hope, a team member from Operation Hope came to, you know, help entrepreneurs with business coaching and small business loans and things like that. And we had a lot of dads man, a lot of dads who dope. Needed that. Dope. It was dope man. A lot of guys bought their dads and the older guys, man, they, they watched them dance. My dad, my husband's dad came out And I had, I even had like a couple people share their stories. Man, it's a lot of things that fathers are going through, man. So, you know, just when you shouting out the moms, don't forget the dads man.


There you go. Yeah, definitely. Alright, well we come back. How many places this weekend too? Oh, Where you at? Oh, where you at? Where you at? Lola? Y'all know Go places? Yeah. Core? No. Oh, not on the weekend. That's Oh, Okay. Not on the weekend. No, I'm actually an envy. I'm in Hood, I'm in Queens. Hey. So I'm gonna be working with the Rockaway YMCA organization in what day is that? This is Saturday, June 21st. So Rockaway, YMCA and Child Center of New York. They're doing A-H-B-C-U homecoming like Community day for all of the community. So I be there hosting that. And then this weekend I'm excited about this HBCU Week, which is an organization that sends kids to colleges on full rise scholarships created by black women. Shout out to Ashley. Christopher is honoring me at the HBCU Week award.


Gala. Me, Anthony Anderson, and a few other people as well will be there. Nice. Okay. So shout out to them. And the gala raises money for the scholarships in the organization itself. So we'll be there. So I'm outside this y'all, I'm not in court. Okay. I'm not in court. She's so happy she's not in ahead. Thank you. Oh, and salute to everybody that's celebrating Juneteenth. I know Lauren And I are hosting a panel at the American Dream on Thursday for Juneteenth. So salute to the American Dream. And then I'm heading to Queens, a park that I grew up in. Roy Wilkins Park. They're doing like a whole huge celebration's free for everybody out there. Nice. They're gonna have junkies, they're gonna have performances. I'm gonna DJ and I'm bringing a, a bunch of special guests with me to perform out there just for the kids. It's absolutely positively free.


So I know Base Swag is one of the, the artists I'm gonna bring. It's, it is a bunch of people in town. That's what's up. Luga ca. I'm gonna bring a bunch of Queens artists and a bunch of people just from New York to come in and do something special for the kids. That's, I'm a DJ and we have a lot of fun. That's this Thursday out at Roy Wilkins Park. So I can't wait to see you guys going back home to my Borough of Queens now you got a positive note? I do. Let's stand together in solidarity. What they gonna do if we all stop paying our sex? Yo, You bugging, you're bugging. I know they listen. That was just hilarious. What they gonna do? That wasn't DJ Nmv Rash Short and Casey, whatever. Call Me. I just got a job. I'm paying all my taxes. All my taxes. Every single cent.


Come get it. I'm sitting down on business on that one since. But that was A quote. It wasn't mine. It came from somebody I know. So Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Can't Afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and F FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it. Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill Bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley blue kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is Ashley Ti from the Ben and Ashley I almost famous podcast. Hi friends. Looking to refresh your wardrobe. Dive into B'S fabulous collection of trendy dresses, chic tops, cozy sweaters, and fabulous denim. With great quality and affordable prices, it's easy to find your perfect look. Whether you're looking for something summery like for the beach, or if you're looking for just something to pick up your kids in and look actually cute and put together. Visit bm.com today and start your style journey with Shop now@b.com. That is b.com. Let me spell that out for you. BOHM e.com. BOHM e.com. b.com.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.