
Hey, Amazon Prime members. Why pay more for groceries when you can save big on thousands of items at Amazon Fresh Shop Prime exclusive deals, and save up to 50% on weekly grocery favorites. Plus, save 10% on Amazon brands like our new brand, Amazon Saver 365 by Whole Foods Market a plenty and more. Come back for new deals rotating every week. Don't miss out on Savings. Shop Prime exclusive deals at Amazon Fresh Select varieties.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday, and for 30 minutes, I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life, and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel, or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like, what's the history Behind Bacon rep hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Andor. Hi, I am Mike Dego. Mr. Our podcast, hungry for History is Back, and this season we're taking an even bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, saying That the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends, Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there. And now here we are, opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on The iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. Hilarious Sun. Martin Charlemagne's running a little late. Edits Thursday. It literally always feels like Friday every time y'all said a day. I'd be like, oh, it's not Friday. No, definitely not Friday. It's Thursday. Yes, we got one more day. How you feeling? I feel great. I went to sleep early yesterday. I don't know why I was so tired. I think the weekend hit me yesterday. Oh, G Hole killed you last week yesterday, and you're about to do it all over again. Yeah, I'm in and outta Norfolk. Norfolk though. So Norfolk, I'll be there Friday, October 25th. Alumni Fest. That's right. Yes. So shout out to everybody in the 7 5, 7 8 0 4 Norfolk State Home come in.


Hampton University is the same weekend, so it's gonna be an experience. So I can't wait to hit the 7 5 7. I got the, one of the biggest scares of my life, something that You know people are always fearful of. So I, I'll explain. So, oh God, I'm on all my whole family's on this app. Life 360, right? Oh yeah. So that way you can see where everybody is and what's going on in Like real time, right? Yep. So yesterday I got a call and a lady was like, I have your cell phone. And I was like, excuse me? She was like, yeah, the last person that was tech that you texted. I have their cell phone, which was my daughter Brooklyn. Oh my God. The Baby. The baby. Well, she's not the baby, but she was, she's eight years old. Okay. She's my baby. And. I got nervous. I, I got scared. So I started looking at the Life 360 App, And.


I started following where the phone was, but now she's supposed to be in dance class. Oh my God. Envy. I'm getting scared as you talking. So You know. I went out to to, to look for the phone. I found the phone. The lady was a teacher, so this is what had happened. We all figured it out. So she does these, these videos, but on the back of a phone, she has these suction cups where she suction cups on the glass, she s cup on the wall. So what she did was she suction cupped on the nanny's car and did the video and then forgot that the phone was on the car. Wow. So as the phone, as the nanny's driving around yesterday doing chores, the phone for the phone's moving, and I'm looking at it on the like 3, 360 app And. I'm thinking somebody kidnapped her and it's driving around.


Envy. What were you doing? Were you was Nervous. I loaded up, I was chasing it and everything, but it was actually she, it was, it was her. Oh my God, I'm so happy that it was just this. It was, yeah, it was her. I went to her dance school. I'm like, what are you doing? She's like, dancing. So I was nervous. Nobody else was nervous but me. But that's how I am. But it was very, very, very scary. I was, I mean, I thought, I didn't know what happened. I all, I seen her phone moving around and then the lady found her phone. I'm like, oh my gosh, did somebody, Lord God is good kid out. But did somebody grab her? But nah, she was fine. She was just doing dances. Just being A kid. You're so happy. She is okay. God is good. That's right. That, that has to be the biggest scare as Absolutely. She slept with us last night. I was like, you sleeping with us tonight? So she was happy about that.


But anyway, we got a great show for you, David and Tamela Mann will be joining us this morning. Tamela has a new album, live, breathe, fight. So we're gonna be talking to them in a little bit. And we got front page News. Morgan gonna be breaking down everything that's happening, so don't go anywhere. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Shene, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, sports is too many NBA teams. We do that when it gets to the playoffs. But in Thursday nights football, the Minnesota Vikings take on the Rams at eight 15 now. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning, good morning. And the Charlemagne and Lauren, how y'all feeling?


Good morning. Great. How you feeling? Pretty good. Okay. So election day is, or the election day countdown is on with November 5th, 12 days away. And on top of the front page news, it's you making sure you exercise your right to vote. With that said, in a recent interview with the New York Times, former President Trump's White House chief of staff, John Kelly said Trump commented more than once, that Trump, that Hitler did quote some good things too. He went on to say that Trump meets the general definition of a fascist. Kelly also called Trump an authoritarian and admires people who are dictators. Now, vice President Harris says, former President Trump alleged comments about Adolf Hitler are a window into who he is.


Let's hear more from P Harris. It is deeply troubling and incredibly dangerous that Donald Trump would invoke Adolf Hitler, the man who's responsible for the deaths of 6 million Jews and hundreds of thousands of Americans. Anyone who refuses to bend a knee or daress to criticize him would qualify in his mind as the enemy within. In just the past week, Donald Trump has repeatedly called his fellow Americans the enemy from within, and even said that he would use the United States military to go after American citizens.


I can't even believe we're having any more conversations about who should be elected on November 5th. I mean, he's been saying that for the longest though, You. know what I mean? And people are not recognizing it Crazy. Yeah. But like she said last night, she thinks a lot of people don't hear it. And, I, I, I believe that as well. Like you got a guy straight up, don't wanna hear it. You got a guy straight up parroting Hitler's talking points like parroting Hitler's moves. Dude is even doing a, a freaking rally at Madison Square Garden like the Nazis did in the thirties. What are we talking about America? So a Trump campaign spokesperson responded to Kelly's comment saying that he totally be clowned himself by telling debunk stories about the Trump administration. Switching gears, former President Trump, he recently spoke to Israeli Prime Minister net, Benjamin Netanyahu.


Ironically, he made the comments while speaking at a town hall event in Zebulon, Georgia, saying the two have a very good relationship. Let's hear from former President Trump. You wouldn't have had inflation, you wouldn't have had Russia attacking Ukraine. You wouldn't have had October 7th, which was Israel. And a horrible, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country was Afghanistan. The way, not that they pulled out, we were ready to pull. The way they pulled out with it was so bad they moved the military out first. No, you moved the military at last. I think it was one of the most embarrassing, I think that's why actually Putin went into Ukraine. But we're gonna take care of Israel.


And they know that Bibe called me yesterday, called me the day before. Now we have a very good relationship. And I have to say they've done, fortunately they didn't listen to Biden, because if they listen to Biden, they'd right now be waiting for a bomb to drop on him. Bebe is Benjamin Netanyahu. That's crazy that he has a nickname. Bebe Crazy. I'm thought everybody called him Bebe. If this not is Trump. Okay, well if this is true, Trump negotiating deals with other foreign leaders. He could be in violation of the Logan Act, which prohibit it. Bars prohibits private US citizens from having directly or indirectly any unauthorized correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government in relation to disputes or controversies with the United States.


So if he just calling BB up to be like, Hey, what's up? That's cool. But if he's talking about You know these deals, which we know Trump likes to talk about deals, then that is against the law. So yeah, the Republican presidential nominee, he slammed the Biden Harris administration in those. He also talked about being closer to World War War iii. He also criticized FEMA for its hurricane response. Its response to Hurricane Helene saying the agency and the White House did not do their job. Of course, the he is, this is so crazy, the former president, he's also supposed to rally in D. He held a rally, excuse me, in Duluth, Georgia saying there won't be a country left if Kamala Harris is elected president.


He went on to say so many other things. He even praised Elon Musk for thanking him and endorsing him and the millions he's donated to the campaign. Trump also promised to terminate any electric vehicle mandates and said he will immediately been, begin fracking on day one of his administration. I'm not sure if that would actually hurt. Musk and Tesla doesn't really make much sense. But speaking of Musk, he is being warned by the Justice Department that his $1 million giveaway, his lottery for registered voters may be illegal. That's according to CNN, which cited people briefed on the matter. Musk announced over the weekend that his political action committee Committee would award a million dollars to every, every day to a registered voter in swing states who signs a petition.


Now people saying pe, PE paying people to register to vote is prohibited by fed federal law. According to CNN, the political action Committee received a letter from the DOJs public integrity section, which oversees the investigation and prosecution of all federal crimes in affecting government integrity. Now, Musk has of course endorsed former President Trump in the election and he has appeared at rallies in support of him. And it's really giving oligarchy vibes at this point. But nobody asks me about that, so I'm not gonna get too much into that. Alright, well thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Yeah, there's more front page news. Stick around at 7:00 AM Everybody else, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open.


Again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it is Jerome. How you doing? What's Up? Morning? What Jerome? What's up? Where you calling from, brother? I'm calling from Iowa. All right. Get it off your chest, brother. I just like to get it off my chest. My cousin man, he 33 years old. He is going into cancer this morning. I just want to put his name out there.


Oh no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He's going into surgery this morning. He has colon cancer and I just wanna put his name out there. His name Darien Curry. Man. He got a little daughter, a year old. His name, her name's Hendricks because I just want to put his name out there to get everybody to pray for him. You know And. I. Amm. Sorry to hear that brother. Absolutely. Thank you. They said he may have had this for like eight or nine years. You know. He just now You know we as as young black men, we don't know to go to the, the doctor and we get ourselves checked up and You, know what I mean? We just put everything to the side. But I didn't wanna put his name out there, man. I was gonna say, that's a tough one because he's, he's 33 years old. Usually they don't tell you to check for colon cancer till you what?


40, 45. 45 years old. And if he had family history, 40. But definitely we praying for him and, and telling everybody out there like you said, please get checked. Please go out there and make sure everything is all right. Charlemagne and myself, we go every I go every three years. I think Charla goes every five years. But, but, but You know. I don't know how you said he's 33, but does he have a history of it in his family? If he had a history of it in his family, he definitely probably should have went to get checked Durham. Definitely. But he had A history of it in his family. Put Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh He did? Oh yeah. He should have checked early. Yeah. So he should, he should have, he should have went to get checked early. Absolutely. I would like to, if y'all don't mind, if I could put his cash app out there for his daughter then. Yes, sir. Of Course. Go ahead. It, it is the, the dollar sign hustle.


HUS Fs LE Smith, NIP 60. Alright, brother. If, If You know, I mean just anything. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate y'all for letting me in and just prayers for my cousin Darren Curtis. Yes Sir. You please and please go to the doctor. I, I had a You know the other day I left early 'cause I had an appointment. I booked an appointment for my physical and, and really that was because so many brothers were passing away. And, I just always get nervous. And when I got there, my doctor was like, what are you doing here? You're you're four months early, you're not supposed to come back until April. But I was just so nervous. I forgot when it was. I was just like, yo, just gimme a physical. 'cause I wanted to know everything is good, but that just makes me nervous at times. But You know for electoral col collect co colon for colon cancer. If you have a positive family history, you're supposed to start your screening 10 years before the age with your family member who had it was diagnosed.


Mm. So 10 years prior, before the age at which your family member was diagnosed. That's what the doctor will tell you. Alright. Another thing we need to do is to make sure we know our family history too. Hello? Who's this? It is Anton from Florida. Anton from Florida. What up? Get it off your chest, brother. Alright. I just got a question about the amendment with the abortion. I believe it Amendment four. I don't know anything about that. Alright, What? Well, for me it's just the wording, right? I want the woman to be able to choose not, not have, like with the, and all that stuff. So when it back to like with wording, it's kind of confusing. I may, I may, I'm not stupid, but I may be ignorant. So I just need somebody to help me to get that from Morgan or anybody.


What's Your question? What is it? What's the question? I I, I didn't want to split my interest like a woman. I don't want the, so I dunno to vote yes or no on the Amendment. He's, he's talking about the abortion amendment. He wants to know if he should vote yes or no. I don't You know. I Don't know what the amendment is. Not what the Amendment. We not Florida. So we don't know what the abortion amendment is, brother. Ah, Google. Google. Do your research. All you gotta do is Google look it up online. Do your research before you already Vote. I'll reach out some to an elected official out. I, I I Google it. But the warning is like, it's kind of hard to understand. Like I, if you go to court and all that, you have drug the jar. So like the average person would understand. I'm looking at an article right now that says Florida Amendment four, the abortion rights ballot measure explained.


And all I Googled was freaking Florida amendment. It says the amendment would, this amendment would limit the government government's interference, interference in abortion. More specifically, it would block any law government from restrict, restricting and abortion before the point of viability. I get, I'm looking@somethingonwtp.com, but I have, I have no, I have no idea about it. So I can't give you no information on it, brother. Yeah, definitely. Look it up brother. We can't help you with that one. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast, Club. Wake up. Wake up ass. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Whether You're mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this Bro? Good morning. What's Up brother, bro, what's your name? Listen, I got two thirds. I want get off my chairs right? Go ahead. First thing, first thing is, is Lauren up there? Lauren Here is here. Hey Lauren. Good morning Greg. How you doing? Good morning. I'm doing good. How are you? I'm all right. Listen, I just want to tell, I know why your head hit you. Why? Because you been, you been, you been loving, you been loving on a white man and, and holding up them, them white women. So long, big ass light. Well, I said you got lice. Don't play with me. Lice don't do that to me. I just, that ain't even funny. Kind of Joking, kind.


The Thing I, the thing I wanted say, thing I wanted say was that I'm not voting for Hitler Junior. There you go. I'm not voting for Hitler Junior. And, and if I had to be honest with you and And, I don't want You know, I don't trust the Democrat, bro. As a black man in America, we done been lied to so long promises have never been kept. How many these people to vote? I'm not voting this year. I'm not voting this year. I don't trust the Democrats. And I doubt ain't vote for Hitler, Georgia. Well, if you not, if if not, Whatever happens, whatever happens going to happen. Well, if you not voting and Hitler Junior wins, then You know. You gonna have to blame yourself. You gonna have to take some of that blame.


I think the Democrats should take the blame because they, they've let it down the black community so long. Just like you said other day, Charlie, man, they, they, they, they keep coming. That black man. They said Barack Obama, I don't know why the hell every four years they said Barack Obama just to come talk to black men to chastises us about voting. But like he said, 52% of white women is what got Trump in office. So why ain't nobody never coming at white people about Voting? That's right. But I'm gonna tell you something black men, but I gonna tell, but I'm tell you something. And then, And then, and then when they get in office, the thing they promised us is it never comes to fruition. I think we, I'm, I'm Fatigue. I'm with you. I understand the fatigue. Thank but You know not voting is never an option for me. 'cause I like to complain You know what I mean?


You can't, you can't, you can't really complain if you, if you, if you don't participate in the process, I gotta participate in the process. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Mike calling not a Virginia Mike from va. What's up? Get it off your chest, Mike. No disrespect to nobody, man. I know everybody in that radio station You know more than likely going vote Democrats. But it is just kind of funny, the rhetoric about Trump being a racist. I mean, I do my Googles man And I. See this man having pictures with all kinds of famous black people that you guys are fans of. Especially I see him standing next to Rosa Park. I mean, for crying, not loud people. How can this be? How can this man be Nazi a Hitler?


That shit is crazy. You know, disrespect. So that, So, so that's all it takes. So if you take a picture with a gay person, does that make you gay? Nah, it just shut the, What are you talking About Hitler? Just because you take a Picture. No Hitler, no Nazi, no Hitler will ever, That's not true. Take a picture with black people. Man, that's not true. Will never do any kind of favors to black people. That's not true. Listen, slave, slave Matthew, I'm talking To black people out there on the radio station. Slave masters to Don't listen to the propaganda. Man. Slave masters used to sleep with slaves and what slave masters would've babies with slaves. This ain't slaves time. He would, and this ain't slavery time, bro. We passed all that bull man. So lemme ask you a question. Serious question.


Serious question. You think you, oh, you think you don't encounter no racist white people every day? You think just because they interact with you and You know they engage with you, with you think, you think that they're not racist? Racist? No, they, I don't, Sorry as I can't listen to that. But I will tell that guy who called up about amendment four voting yes on amendment four would undue Florida's current six week abortion ban and enshrined the right to an abortion in the Florida Constitution. Voting no on amendment four would keep the current Florida law in place that bans abortions after six weeks of pregnancy. There are exceptions only in cases of rape, incest, or human trafficking up to 15 weeks of pregnancy. That seems pretty cut and dry to me.


Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 OVO. Eli just texted me and said he's getting off his chest, that he's very pissed off with red who runs the boards. He says, how dare you play Kendrick Lamar as the first song when today is Drake's birthday? Man, who cares? That's what he wanted to tell you. Wow. We don't even have Drake on the birthday list, do we? I don't See it. Damn. Get it off your chest. No, Drake. Now we have no Drake that with the mess with La la Rosa. Yes, we do. We do. So Cardi B, because of a medical emergency, she's not, she's no longer a headline at one music festival. We're gonna get into that in some other things. Why Did Eli send a picture of a fried penis on a bun with pickles and sauce and it says Drake's birthday featuring free slider.


What was he talking about? Huh? What type of text y'all got Going on? You see? No, I didn't see that. Did he send it in in, in? Is that Dave's hot chicken Man? You don't, you don't. You're not paying a time Don. I don't even see the text you talking about. You made that up. No, He texted me. Oh yeah, he sent that to the group chat. Oh Yeah. I just see the, Is he here or did he take off for Drake's birthday? He might have took off. He might be in Toronto. Anyway, going To Toronto on Drake's birthday is really like, that's a different level of crazy, Just what the mess is. Up next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne. tha God. DJ Envi just with the mess but just hilarious is on maternity leave. So it's Lauren Osa filling in with just with the mess right now.


Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do. No, She don't spend nobody. Hey Amazon Prime members. Why pay more for groceries when you can save big on thousands of items at Amazon Fresh Shop Prime exclusive deals and save up to 50% on weekly grocery favorites. Plus save 10% on Amazon brands like our new brand, Amazon Saver 365 by Whole Foods Market at Plenty and More. Come back for new deals rotating every week. Don't miss out on Savings Shop Prime exclusive deals at Amazon. Fresh Select varieties. Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake.


It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Waken Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered, no matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the waken.


Jake Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan.


You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday. It's Honey German And. I'm bringing you Gracia come again. The podcast where we dive deep into The, World of Latin culture, ula and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists, and culture shifters, this is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars, from actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes.


You know it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman laughs and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun, elte and life stories. Join me for Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get into to listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's The history behind bacon wrapped hot dogs? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am my tego Mr. Our podcast Hungry for History is back Season two.


Season Two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we pushed record, right? Okay. And this season we're taking in a run bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Seeing that the most popular cocktail is the Margarita followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh, so All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century Bc bc I didn't realize how old the hot dog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My URA podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Worldwide Mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the Mess. Talk talk to me. So Cardi B made an announcement yesterday. She announced, and you guys remember earlier, she announced that she will not be no longer will be able to headline one Music Fest. And you guys remember earlier this week we had talked about the fact that Cardi B, when she went live talking about all that offset stuff, she, I was like, why is she laying in a hospital bed? And she had actually talked about the fact that she was still feeling sick from her birthday. Let's take a listen to that And. I don't know if I wanna go to a hospital or do I gotta go to like a urgent care or something because I have not been right. Like ever since that birthday party.


First thing first after the birthday party, I was throwing up for two days straight. I've been having a headache ever since. And my headache has not been going away. Like I've been drinking like six et a day. The my prescribed me headache medications have not been able to do nothing. And I cannot keep no food down. I don't know if I have food, I mean liquor poisoning or something. But it's like my stomach is flat ass. I cannot put my fat on because my stomach feels very up. Like I got the crazy runs. Like I don't know. Yeah. So I'm not a hundred percent for sure that You know all of that in the crazy runs are the reason why. But Cardi did announce yesterday that she will no longer be able to do one Music Fest. She said, I'm so sad to share this news.


But I've been in the hospital recovering from a medical emergency the last couple of days. And I won't be able to perform at one MusicFest. It breaks my heart that I won't get to see my fans this weekend. Really wish I could be there. Thank you for understanding. She'll be back better and stronger soon. Yeah, She's been posted for the hospital for the what? Last couple of days showing. It's been like three, four days. The love and support. I think JC Lee sent her some flowers. So she's been there. Hopefully she gets just well fast. Yes, Send us, send and bar some healing energy for show Now I wanted to take some time to send a rest in peace to Ms. Elizabeth Francis. Ms. Elizabeth Francis. For anyone who was not familiar, she died at 115 years old. Drop a Bomb. She Was born in 1909. She is, she was the oldest living person in the us in the third oldest person in The World.


This is according to a online database that tracks the oldest people in The World. And there has been every single year on her birthday, they do a big birthday party for her. She looks beautiful too. Interviews. Yep. She, yeah, like she's like always active and speaking to the camera and all that stuff. Her 69-year-old granddaughter, who was also her caretaker, announced this news Tuesday night, her 69-year-old granddaughter. Yep. I Love it. Right. And she's black. Yes. Yep. She's, she's black. She died peacefully surrounded by all her family. So I wanted to take some time to send the rest in peace to her. That is a long life To live it. What an amazing life. Live. Yes. I love it. I just want 101. She made it to 115. Okay. God bless her. How Many was she like at great grandkids? I wonder because if her granddaughter was 69.


Yeah, I'm I'm She might be great. Great, great. That's amazing. The, the generations that follow her is like, it's decades and decades and decades. Decades. Like you really know your great great great great grandma, which is crazy. I love it. Great. Great-grandmother, his great, great, great. She probably maybe a great grandmother. No, for most if her granddaughter's 69, that means her great granddaughter's probably in what forties. Okay. And then her, you think she got the granddaughter? Got kids. Yeah. Grand. Yeah. Great granddaughter got kids too. So great-great. Probably great-great. Maybe. Yeah. So she had three grandchildren at the time of her death. And she has four great, great grandchildren. I don't know. She has great, great, great. Yeah, she had great, great great, great. Would I had Google grandchildren then? Great. Great. That's have to go. Great. Great.


Then great, great, great. Yeah, it's, it's, I Wonder how The World looked to her. Oh, I, I wonder, I wonder about that with people now. Like when I think of like somebody like Minister Farrakhan who's 91 or like You know even Morgan Freeman, 87 people that's in their eighties, nineties. Like I just wonder that, that, what does The World look like to them? I I really wonder what The World looked like to her at 115 Hundred 15. Yeah. 1909. Right. Well, yeah. Prayers that we all get that long life, right? Absolutely. Now 50 cent who's had a very, very long career, we talked about the fact that he is going to be doing a Las Vegas residency and, and a part of that residency. Residency will be a New Year's Eve show, which will be a huge deal now. He sat down with Billboard to talk about the residency and some other things.


And during the conversation they talked to him about the fact that the person who was interviewing him from Billboard was like, man, you've sustained so long. I was 10 years old. Wow. And Get Rich or Die Trying came out. And it was a soundtrack of my life. So it's been a soundtrack of so many different generations lives. And when they asked him about that, he started talking about the fact that in our culture and hip hop, we have a short attention span and artists don't sustain that long. And he said a part of that is when you, when you're up that long and you're consistently doing well at a certain level, there's a resistance that is created where people, they wanna see you come down the same way they wanna see you go up. And he said he feels like Drake is in that position right now. He said Drake is in that position right now.


They're trying to resist the music because he put out some things that are dope. I say a lot of things on social media and people get upset because they look and go, I'm supposed to be automatically on Kendrick's side. He's talking about Kendrick Hendrick's beef because of my association with Dre. He says, I love Kendrick, but I'll say it to you. I didn't see where Drake did anything whack. At any point they give Drake the ou whack you finish And. I'm like, no, come on. That's the system trying to make some sort of resistance. And it's from the consistency when you win consecutively, that part of hip hop demographic wants you out of here. And he said he started to feel the resistance that he's saying Drake is feeling right now during the Curtis album. But that's why it's, it was such an amazing battle because Drake didn't do anything wrong. The, the biggest misstep he had was the Heart part six.


But it all boiled down to music. Kendrick just made better music. That's really what it was about. Kendrick was a better rapper. Kendrick made better songs. That's it's why he won the battle. You Be saying make, they try to make it seem like Drake's career is over you. I I Drake's career is not, it's not, I Don't agree that it is either. But, but I do see that conversation as a thing, which I think is crazy. 'cause But that happens to everybody. There's, there's not one artist who was, who was Red hot. Drake just had a longer run than most people. But after a while there is fatigue on your music. And by the way, salute to 50. But let's also factor in that 50 diversified his portfolio. People don't love 50 necessarily for the music no more. We know he got classics, but right now people love 50 because of what he's doing in the TV world in Hollywood. Yeah, That's true. But see, but 50 was And I always say this about Fifth, fifth was always personable with artists and with people.


Like he, he reached out to your younger artists, whether it was Soulja Boy, whether it was the baby, whether it was, they talk about him and Pop Smoke in this article too. Pop Smoke as well. And even when 50 does these concerts, if you look at when 50 does these festivals, most of those people are his friends. Yeah. He doesn't have to say, oh, I need this person. Like even with comedians and like these people are his friends. And that's also because 50 are great personality. He does Well. I wanted to, there's more to it because speaking of his friends, he does, he, he goes into some of the stuff on like Meek Mill and people responding to things as well too. But I think I'll bring that back in the next hour. 'cause I think that conversation, you guys are gonna have a lot to say about that too. So in the next hour we'll get into his response to the fact that Meek Mill got brought into all of the Diddy allegations and why he thinks artists being vulnerable can be a good thing and a bad thing.


Yeah. I just want to hear, I want to hear 50 and artists like Snoop and all those guys speak to these people about diversifying your portfolio. Oh, there's that in here too. He Talks about that too. Yeah. When, when people don't love you for your music no more, what are they going to love you for? You can always pivot. That's that's what I, I'm saying. And he and he's and he's pivoted amazingly. And if you haven't got your tickets when get your tickets for his residency in Vegas, he's putting on a hell of a show and you're gonna wanna see it. It's only 16 shows I think, or 15 shows. He Said he's gonna change it up each time. Yes. He's gonna do, we gonna listen, we got, we got another hour we gonna get to it. I'm gonna do a little bit more 50 before we go to anything else because there was some good stuff in this Billboard article. Yeah. I'm gonna go to this New Year's Eve show out in Vegas. I'm gonna go support the brother queen, get the money. All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then David and Tim LaMann will be joining us.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Lauren. The Rosa is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news now on Thursday night for bowl the bikers take on the Rams at eight 15. Now what we got, Morgan, Listen, what we got is at the top of the front page news is you making sure you get out there to vote. With that said, vice President Harris is discussing a wide variety of topics. She did so at her CNN Town Hall hosted by Anderson Cooper. She started off by talking about how she believes Donald Trump is a fascist and she questioned his ability to lead the country.


She also answered questions about the border saying the American immigration system is broken and she's the right candidate to bring real solutions. Let's hear more from Harris on CNN America has always had migration, but there needs to be a legal process for it. People have to earn it. And that's the point that I think is the most important point that can be made, which is we need a president always grounded in common sense and practical outcomes. Like, let's just fix this thing. Let's just fix it. Why is there any ideological perspective on it? Let's just fix the problem. Both parties want border of security. The problem is both parties, both parties have politicized, You know the border.


And that's the problem. Like so now, now that both of 'em have politicized it so much, it's hard for them to come together and do something to actually fix it because somebody has to get the credit for it. You know. Yeah. And that's the problem. Like they don't, they don't ever take bipartisan credit for things. It's whoever's in office is gonna get the credit. But, but everybody wants border security. I know that this town hall was for the undecided, right? I don't know what this town hall was for. Yeah, I think it was, I saw people dragging Dana Bash from CNN this morning. 'cause she said that people sources were telling her that Kamala missed the mark with this town hall. I I saw that that was her first. Soon, soon as the town hall was over, yeah, they went to the, the panel and that's the first thing she said. And I thought she was way off base with that when she said that. Well, everyone's entitled to their opinion.


Well, Harris went on to say that she believes there is an opportunity to end the war in Gaza and of course working towards a two state solution. Meanwhile, former President Trump's running mate, JD Vance, he was in the swing state of Nevada yesterday talking about the GOP plan to increase home ownership for Americans. Let's hear from Vance in Nevada Here. Here's the crazy thing is, is my generation, I'm speaking particularly to folks in my generation and a little bit younger. Donald Trump, And I, if you work hard and play by the rules, we're gonna fight for your ability, oh, shut the house to afford the American dream of home ownership. We have got so many acres of federal land that are being totally unused, but we could build houses on that federal land and make it more affordable for American citizens to afford a good Life.


Anybody that starts off a conversation saying, Donald Trump plays by the rules. I can't even listen to you. Donald Trump does not play By the rules. So You know I'm from the DMV in close proximity to a lot of federal land. Right? And I was kind of wondering what kind of regulations would be in place for someone to, who purchased a home on federal land or by the federal, from the federal government. So of course, like you charlamagne, I chat, I I chat gt it. And so basically what it came back to say was, generally you cannot build a house on federal land without specific permission from the government. And as most federal lands are not zoned for residential development. However, in certain situations though, like the land sale or a lease program, which y'all know what that sounds like, right?


A government agency might be able to build on federal land, particularly if it's to address housing shortages, which there's no housing shortage in America. There is a shortage of people who are able to afford, or there's, there's no housing shortage, but people need to be able to afford the houses that exist and with proper regulations in place. A recent example is the Houses Act, which aims to utilize federal land for housing development. Now, political early reported earlier this year that federal lots of land are mostly located in the West in areas where there's no roads or sewers, let alone a need for housing. That article came out August 9th, 2024. So nv, does buying real estate on federal land seem like a good idea?


Well, federal land is usually like a national forest. It's usually national parks. It's usually wildlife situations and things like that. So like you said, it, it's usually with, but it is no roads or anything like that. It's usually forests and things like that. Now the federal government does have lands that they repossess, that they have, that they use for a lot of the things that they have that they can You know, give to people and can give to people for great prices. But when they talk about the the, the huge land and federal land that they own, it's usually for grasslands, forest, wildlife, conservation and things like that. Right. Or You know monuments and things like that. Monuments exactly as in the DDMV area. That's what we see. So I'm not sure that that's a viable idea, but I'm not gonna get too much into that. And New York You know.


I'm gonna bring it home to you. A tick, A ticker tape parade will be held today for the New York Liberty in honor of their first ever WNBA championship win. New York City Mayor Eric Adams applauded the team and shared more details on the parade that's headed down the canyon of Heroes in Lower Manhattan. Let's hear from New York Mayor Eric Adams on the parade today. We are excited. Congratulations New York Liberty for winning your first WNBA title You Made us Proud and we're gonna make you proud. We are going to give you a ticker tape parade 10:00 AM on Thursday morning.


And then after that we're going to have an amazing ceremony right here at City Halls to say thank you to our heroes. Congratulations. New York Liberty, WNBA Champions. Well congratulations. I need everybody to go out there and support. Even if you work in that area, if you could come down about 10:11 AM at lunch or whatever and go out there and support those women and make them feel special. I went to one ticker tape parade, which was actually the, it's called a ticker Ticker tape. Yeah, I learned about that too, Lauren. It's like the all the confetti only confetti Throw out the window and things like that. Oh okay. I've seen it on tv. Yeah. I went to one, which was actually 16 years ago when I signed my deal with Power 1 0 5 1. The day I went to sign the deal, the Yankees had actually won And.


I was walking through the parade to get to the old power building and sign my contract. That was the only one I ever went to. But definitely go out there and support those ladies and those women. There will also be another ceremony at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn. That's where of course the women's basketball team beat the Minnesota links in overtime in game five on Sunday. Clenching their first WNBA title City hall and other buildings will also be lit up in that C foam green tonight to honor the liberty somebody's whole Ellie's purse. Okay, I just wanna see what Ellie going to do. 'cause You know Ellie Gonna show out at the parade. Let me tell you, Ellie has been main character energy all season. I absolutely love it. Well that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage follow Add Back Information Network, download the pre iHeartRadio app and visit b news.com.


Talk to y'all tomorrow. Thank you Morgan. Alright, thank you. Now when we come back, we have David and Tamela Mann joining us this morning. Tamela has a new album, live, breathe, and Fight. And we're gonna talk to them next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren la Rosa is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. We have Tamela and David. Man, welcome. What up though? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having Good morning. How good Morning. Now just in case y'all wondering why I'm here. I walked in the door and she's sit down.


Yes ma'am. I'm in your house. I sit down and do the energy because Miss Man is here to promote her new album, live, breathe, fight. But I mean, y'all been doing things together forever. Like Yes. Yeah. Y'all even know Life without each other. No. Married, And, Don. Don't know to Either. Married, we got married at 21. So we've been married 36 years. 31. That's a long time While no separations. I like to say that. There you Go. Did y We worked through it. Did y'all know as soon as y'all saw each other like she did? 'cause I was that kind of guy. No, you whatever. No, we did not. But no, we were just friends. Okay. We were Just friends. But it wasn't long after though that I knew. But I wouldn't let him know that I that I felt like that. Like he was the one. I felt like he was the one.


But I was like, I don't know. 'cause You know David had a little play in him where You know. So when, so when did you realize, When did I realize it was probably, it was fairly some months that, 'cause we started singing together early. So it was some months and David started protecting me even like with the other guys. 'cause I was the only girl in the group us singing. And he would always like, y'all don't harsh play players. We had a singing group like, so y'all know me, Kirk Franklin and another guy, Daryl Blair. The Blair. So Kirk Franklin, And I have been friends for like 40 something years. Since 50. Yeah. When he was 15. And I Met went school together, we met him. Wow. Yeah. So it, it just, but I just felt like if it works out, I said, I said I really like this dude, but You know I have to just see, wait and see. I watch his Play ways. Yeah, Yeah.


You know. And, and it did his play, play Way. She, she actually busted me one time with my, with a couple other girls that I was with. I I Was just looking. I she Was just looking. I Didn't bust you, you bust Yourself. They threw me a surprise birthday party. Both girls. No. Well we were, no, they just, we were all just friends. You know how you invite people to, okay we gonna do this. They should have told and listen, we meeting at this house, they shoulda told me, we mean at this house. But he brought somebody with him so that we didn't know that he was gonna bring somebody. But it was just people that we all knew. Mm. I was doing a little much. I'm for real. That's why I wouldn't hook up with her because she was my friend. And. I knew. Once I started that, that was it. You wouldn't going nowhere. I no that once I said I do. I am.


I will. Alright. And here I am. So What do you tell young couples? 'cause you said something, you said y'all, you've been together that long. No separations and never separation. Right. Me and my wife, we've been married 23 years. Been together. 31. No separations. Right. We worked through everything. Good, bad, ugly, whatever. So what do you tell young couples? We took the voice off the table. And the thing is, is to, sometimes you gotta just separate and for instance, in the house to just gather your thoughts versus like throwing venom like at the heat of the moment, sometimes you just have to back up. Okay, let's take a minute and digest what's happening versus, so you won't say pie, I say piercing things. Yeah, I've been saying that since the beginning. 'cause you can say stuff when you're angry and you can't take them words back.


Because no matter if somebody say, I'm sorry, And, I forgive you, but in the back of your head you stare Thinking back and you never try to resolve issues in, in the middle of a battle. Right? I mean you, you just let it calm down a little bit. Cool. Period. Just cool it off a little bit. When you're trying to resolve stuff in the middle of war, it gets a little hard. Right? Because You know early on, like she say, just I, I'm quick with, quick with my mouth, quick with tongue. So I would just say piercing stuff. And. I just started to see how, man, this is devastating. This woman, it's crushing her. So You know, I just started building her up. And what's The worst battle that you guys got into that you remember that it was just nasty and you was going at her neck. She was going at your neck. Okay. So like we talk, Which one you gonna say One?


The knock at the door? Yes. The knock at the door. Oh, knock at the door. Up at the door. Okay. Who showed up at the Queen? Well imagine this. Imagine she's at work. You at the house and the constable knock on the door and say, Hey here you go here. The papers, you've been served. You've been served. And. I say served with what? What? Oh you have a baby. I'm like, what? I got a new Yeah. And so she comes home and is like, hey, how your day been? I'm good. This is how long y'all were married at This time. We were married five years by this time. So before I got married I one them last come by. The last last little hits. Yeah. Yeah. Come laugh. Little hits, Little relapse. Always get you. Yeah. And so imagine her coming home and say, Hey, how your day, oh my day was good. What you do today? Oh I got us another baby.


Oh, that's how you said it. No I did not. I was about to say course You that or took you some time to even come Out. And I rehearsed. It took him some time to get it out. Okay. Yeah. I rehearsed it 'cause on the way home. Okay, I'm gonna tell her like this. So You know you remember? Nah, I can't say it that way. So You know the time. And, I can Jesus. I just tried to rehearse it. You remember? So finally had to come and say, dear You know I might have a child that You know that I had. And he, the thing is, is he, he had two. He had two, he said from a previous argument. That's what he calls it. So they, he said, but they You know two, two different Ladies. The best things that ever happened with my two daughters. The best thing Ever. So it's like I told 'em, I said, okay, now it's,


Hey Amazon Prime members, why pay more for groceries when you can save big on thousands of items at Amazon Fresh Shop Prime exclusive deals, and save up to 50% on weekly grocery favorites. Plus save 10% on Amazon. Brands like our new brand, Amazon Saver 365 by Whole Foods market up plenty and more. Come back for new deals, rotating every week. Don't miss out on Savings Shop Prime exclusive deals at Amazon, fresh Select varieties.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything, sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered, no matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to Awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League Baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


It's Honey German. And I'm bringing you Gracias. Come again. The podcast where we dive deep into The, World of Latin culture, ula, and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists, and culture shifters, this is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars, from actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes. You know it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman laughs and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun and life stories. Join me for Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German, where we get into to listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma Tego. Mr. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we pushed record. Right? Okay. And this season we're taking in a run bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh. So All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC Bc I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My URA Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Except at the one because I was there when she was born. 'cause we was best friends. She Was at the hospital the Day my time. I went, I went to the hospital when, when she was born, the whole 21 hours, y'all sit there. But as he came and said this to me about the other young lady, which I knew about, the other young lady, And I knew that they had been intimate. I knew they had a thing going, but for how it was presented, it was rough for me to take Mm. You know. I was like, I don't know. 'cause the chick, God bless her, we in a better place now. But then she was rough to deal with. Right, right. You gotta put holy hands On her. I didn't put no holy Hands on You know. I just had, we had words, but not even to You know what we talked about it. And David really pulled me and sit down. We talked, well, before we got there, it got really bad because she was like, I can't deal with this. I'm out And I.


I shared with her like, look, it's me and you against everything else. That's, That's the breakdown he gave me. It, it is me and you against everything else because I know that this is a hard situation to swallow. I know I put us in a bad situation. I tell my kids now, I say, look, I put y'all in a bad situation because now you gotta go over to your mom's house for Christmas. Okay? I'm about to have Thanksgiving. I say, that's a hard place to put kids. And. I say I take full responsibility. I mean the, my, my two old daughters best thing ever happened. You see 'em now. I went to get the, the blood test You know how you go in and do the, the test. And I was gonna go and do a test and You know the first thing. That baby probably ain't mine. Mm. That baby ain't mine.


So by now she's five And I walk in the place, And I, look down at this little face. I shay, we ain't gotta take no blood. Her face is exactly like mine, But to me she looked like him and she looked like her. So it's like she was a great mixture of the two. But when David told me the resolve for me DJ Envy was that it's, he did the, the, the spark thing. He said, it's us and then it's them. It's everybody else. He said, so you never have to worry about me choosing you over them because it's us first and then them. So that gave me a reassurance. And that's, that's our relationship. That's kids, Everything. I wouldn't have to be fighting to have my plate because I knew that I had the papers. But still, you don't wanna be warring with someone else over just stuff that's even outside of your home.


Right. All right. We have more with Tamela and David Mann when we come back. So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is DJ and v just a envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Long LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking in with David and Tamela Mann. Now with all that was going on, how did you block out the noise, right? Because I'm sure you had Friends and girlfriends leave Him. He's this that, and you have, but it, no one, no one really honestly did come to me like that. Because the thing is, is we were in a small community. A lot of us we were, yeah, we was church kids, we was in church singing and all this kind of stuff. So all of us d did know each other and knew that they had been what they did. What Is that You know doing what you did? Oh yeah.


You know, being involved that step outside the church. Yeah. So, but if people, they knew me as a person and they knew her as a person. So it's like she had her reputation. I had mine and it's like no one really never stepped to me and said anything crazy like that. But they was willing to defend me. Now, mind you, when we wrote this, this book, And I put the chapter, the knock at the door and it girl, he was cheating on you all the time. It's like, do the math, read the book. Just go read the book. You know girl, I knew he was cheating. It's like you just gotta read and just follow. But, but that's How we live. And we breathing and we fight. That's right through all through all the things. You know, 36 years later we're still building.


We're still living because we just believe that heaven is our destiny. You know we're breathing every breath with purpose. We believe that we have a call, we have a purpose to do what we do. Even to inspire people that follow us in relationships. I mean, this is like you saying, everybody wanting us to do this together. Lord they do. And they expect to see us. It's like when you see one, it's like, okay, where your husband, you out here by yourself? No, he's here. It's like he just stepped away Because trust me, I've been trying to lay in the cut while we've been doing this promo tour. And the same thing you, I'm like, We fighting together. We doing this together. And, I Really can't see. I mean, I don't see y'all apart. Y'all are really tag team back again. Every time we see y'all You know We really, and it feels complete when y'all are together. And if, and that's, that's the, I love the completion of it because he completes me and my prayer is like, Lord, please give us more time.


Give us more time together. And it's like, it's like, I don't know if I can do life without, without him. Is that what got y'all into getting into shape? 'cause you said You know you wanted to live like you wanted more time. Is that what made y'all say You know what, let's get into the, I had di whole diabetes scare and all this stuff and we was just like, man, we gotta do something. I can't leave her here by herself. It's just too much going on. Just seeing the craziness And. I'm just like, I can't leave her here by ourself. I gotta get myself together. And so that's what we're doing. We just a work in progress. You know. Y'all look good, man. Thank you. Working from the inside out. I think the importance of it's like this record and doing it is like mentally working, coming from a mental space, coming from building the body, doing differently, making better decisions for the body and that thing.


It's like, so we can be here longer together. And I was, I was telling you off air. Thank you so much for what you're doing in this mental health space. Thank you brother. It means a lot to me as a black man and somebody who's expected to make The World feel good. And I was like, I, I shared with, I was embarrassed to come out with my story of depression and, and making it. And to hear stories like you, yours and, and you're talking and just putting it in the forefront. It makes people like me say, good. I can share mine without being embarrassed. 'cause I was, was embarrassed. Really? I mean like, But why embarrassment though? Because people Expect to be so strong. People expect me every time to come out and perform. You gotta be funny. You got, you gotta be funny. You gotta be you Mr. Brown. You make The World laugh.


Like she say, I grew up, I'm a family. Like, okay. So people expect that. And so they don't know in in the background. You dying You know. Literally dying and drowning. And so when people like you come out and, and You know make it known. Hey, it's cool. I have a therapist. And. I have Jesus. That's right. Yep. And so You know I just want, But even all of you, all of y'all lives what y'all give, it's, I think it's important that all of us bring what we bring to the table. I feel like this pie is big enough for all of us to have a piece to share it. We can help somebody. I mean one of our message is ought to get to somebody. I mean, my God. I mean that's right. It's like with the platforms that we we have, we should be able to help encourage somebody from any walk of life.


I just feel like we're sent here, not just for us. We're sent here to help all walks Of life. So what's the message in this album? This album is to live, breathe, and fight. Even though you're facing the things you're facing, the songs talking about Carry on. Even though that you've dealt with mental health or different, different things in your family or whatever your issues may be. We have to carry on. We deserve to win. After you've done and been through the mess and the upbringings that we've came out of, we deserve to win. You deserve to have some nice things. You deserve to have a smile on your face to be in good Relationship. And I know you miss you gonna find somebody. I I've been watching, I be talking to scream. Leave her alone. She don't pray though. She don't pray about it. Don't leave.


He dunno. He dunno. You know. She dunno. My body, She was kind of like you early on. She was a player For Malaya. That is not true. That is not true. But all the men caught on to what she's been doing, been checking the radio. And, I. See it. Trust me, I've been watching You know. I know. I did not start out Player, player. I was, I Wasn't. Wait, see you messed up. You said I didn't start out player, player. I didn't, wouldn't I I mean once you get she said she was deep involved. I wasn't a player. I was I'm single. Don't prove me wrong. Just meeting people You know and now she Kicks the Same game to the same guys. That's not true. And they figured it out To the fact that fact That two gentlemen said you need to fix yourself. You need to get therapy to come back Around two times. She need to heal. First of all, two men told us she need to heal Tamel.


And Don't, one of them only lasted to the Sunday after homecoming. Oh, Because you Needed to heal. No, because he don't get me started. A lot of it be, a lot of it be deflecting and cap and The and the language shit. You should be calling these guys things like eaters. Y'all know about that. No Eaters You know We owe Do not My best eater not ain. Yes. I didn't say that. I don't say that. The phone got 'em labeled in the phone Eater. Best eaters. That is not true. I would never Thursday eat. Let's pray. But I think we should. I'm down to pray. But when you look when but When you're looking at being found, I think we have to make a list of what we are wanting in a relationship.


And then you become the list. A list talk that talk. Just know what you want and it's okay to have standards and it, but you said that you realized later in life about your value, right? Yeah. But yes. But it takes time for you to get to a certain point where you feel like, okay, now I'm ready to enter back into things. Yes. I just feel like some men don't understand where you're taking that time. Now that doesn't mean that you're lonely or without, it's just You know you need that time. I stepped away from something. See that's the, I needed that time healing process when y'all said for her taking her time for Heal. That's the healing process right there. So she is in the process of being healed the way she looking at feel. So y'all just have to, it's her way. Are You still dating you healing At Gho this weekend? So honestly, what's that? What's I got eaters.


I'd be with the ho I'm so sorry for them. That's okay. I brought y'all into this. And I did not. It's okay. But as long as You know. Yeah, I know what's going. And I know these guys are y'all stop teasing her. Thank you. Why? Why you gonna come here and try to mama somebody? Yes. Miss I'm this old. I'm just old. I'm, I'm the oldest in here. I'm 58. And I did take time before I started dating. I took, I took a lot of time 'cause it was a long relationship that I was in. And then I got back outside's and now here come these two. I see God working on it. God got his hand on It. He working on it. You know Hand on Me is one of my titles. That's right. Hand on hand, hand on me. Because you don't need to have hands around the, the his throat. What the way he got his foot on. You need to choke on it.


What? But I have a song on this called Powell talking about the power. God, you should listen to it. I'm like, that's right. That's a good one. The power is really just talking about how, just how the Lord just maneuvers and how his power just happens over things and to just how he just holds us. I mean, it's just amazing how God just really protects us when we don't know that we being protected. We think we out here doing it ourselves, but the Lord is really shielding us. So it's just right. It's just really a blessing to be able to bring. My hope is that it's good music and people can be healed and have inspiration from it. All right. We have more with David and Tamela. Man, when we come back, let's get into a joint off her album. Deserve to Win. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club.


We still kicking it with David and Tamela Mann. Now that was deserved to win off her album. Live, breathe, fight is out right now. Charlamagne, I was gonna ask about, Lord I trust you. Right. 'cause You know to to, to what you're speaking about now. You say, when the sun's not shining down on me, when the chaos is overwhelming with my peace, when my life is spinning outta control. When I lose my grip, And. I start to let go. Lord, I trust you. How hard is it to put your trust in God when things aren't going well? When, when you don't see no light at the end of the Time? It could be, it could be hard to me. That's when I have a real good cry. Mm. I get in my car a lot. 'cause my car to me, it's like I can get away from everything. And. I don't have to hear anything. It's like that in my closet. It's like a prayer closet. And in my car because God is like, I don't understand what's happening right now.


This last year and a half, half of things and tr things coming to me like, I can't believe that I'm in this situation. I can't believe that I'm having a fight just to prove who I am. And I thought I was doing that. But it's like, okay Lord, I trust you. I I trust that you going to handle it. And then that's when the song came for me, working for me. That the Lord just gave me a stamp of approval. You may not see me at work, but I'm working in your behalf that he's working for me. Bless you. Thank you. So it's just, I I just take comfort in knowing that he's my guide and he's my help. He's my present. Help in the time of Storm that even when I don't see it, nobody else is around. He's there. And, I can go to him. And I ain't gotta worry about him. My business being in the street. That's why testimony is so important though, right?


Yes. Because I, I like to hear other people's stories and what they've been through and what they, The overcoming of it. That's right. The Overcoming it. That was your last album. Overcoming The Overcoming. Sure. Was overcoming. And and that's the thing is, and the Lord has allowing me to finish the work even to the, to extent of even with my body. I reached the goal of like even the weight loss that I was trying to do. So, but to even spiritually become a, a writer like I wrote on, it's like I gave direction on every song on this album. So it's like things that I'm proving to myself and showing like, Lord You know I I wrote the plan down And I. I'm following through with the plan And working for me. That was your 11th number one, right? Yes. So you congrat the record of all time number one God Supposed in gospel music.


Wow. Congratulations with her mentor Kurt and Kirk. We're tied. Yeah, we're tied for number one. We're tied. But And I mean you don't see this stuff coming. You hope people gonna like the music and enjoy it. But it's like when it happened, I don't even look at the chart y'all. They have, they tell me she Never know working For me. You lean into the country music. It's, yeah. So I know And I know Kirk Franklin is known for dibble, dabbling different beats and sounds and stuff like that. Have you thought about like what You know it would be like for you to do other styles or bring in other styles like the r and b or like anything secular but making it gospel kind of how he does a bit? Well I kind of have some them ballads that's close to maybe r and b. I've had a little RR and BRR we did B then And we did do a love project us against The.


World that I did. Like I have a song that's called Fields. I sing a song that's called Feel Like It is really a straight r and b song. We didn't push it, but I think it would've really did well. But I just didn't want people to think that I was trying to do r and b mu music. That I still wanna stay in my genre. 'cause I feel like we all have a part to play. And really she was afraid of what people, people were gonna say And I saying worried About what people were gonna say And. I did. I was, I was, I was very fearful and it wasn't like I was fighting them, but I was dragging my feet. Right. It's like I feel like if I can hear whatever, I can sing whatever You know. Like when you say the country music, it's like I'm country y'all, y'all hear it in my, just how I talk. But I know about the chickens and the hogs.


You know I was raised actually in the country. So it's like those things to me, what it's like I've been stretched and a lot of times we only listen to people's single that they have out. But we really don't go listen to the body of work. The Whole Right. And even with, even with the the, the, the love the project Project we did, she was afraid like of what people were gonna think. I'm in the studio, I got my chest hairs, And, I got my sun shade. I'm doing my best r and b. Oh, you was ready. What? I mean let the lights down. Pull the lights Down, turn the lights down. I had my shades on. I was doing my, yeah. And she was like, just have, I said, that is not how you sing. But then I realized she was afraid of what the church crowd was going to You know think of Her.


But once I thought about it, it's like I'm singing to the love of my life. I'm singing to him. I'm not singing for y'all per se. I mean thank God for everybody. But I was singing to him and the song is, you make me feel like I'm on top of The World. And when it's the truth he does. So it's like when you hear this song, it's like, it just brings it all to life of like me talking straight to him or him You know feeling. Like when he touch me it just, it's just how I feel when I, he still gimme me goosebumps. It's like I feel, I feel babe don't do that. Don't that. I feel because you not don't do that. Right. You know if I touch you don't, Don't do that right now. But What's wrong with that though? Y'all marry. Why can't two marry people who have that? It's True, but it's just the society that we live in. Yeah.


It's like our people. We can be judgmental. We could be the most loving, but we also can be the most judgmental when it comes to Christian people. I don't understand that about Christianity. I'm not gonna lie. I also not judge one of the first things they teach animals giving to the people. And I. It's not And I love being on this side. But I don't know why we are like that. I have no idea. But it's, it just, it does have to be a separation though y'all. It has. It is just, I wouldn't come and look for you to do certain things just like you probably wouldn't expect for me to do certain things. And it's not judgmental. You just, it's just like what you've represented. You just like with your parents. It's like sometimes even some kids, like our kids like to talk about sex. They don't want us to talk about sex. But we have sex.


We Have sex. So it's like, but it's just like people don't, Well we make love People we doing, people don't wanna hear certain things from certain people. Yeah. So it's not, I don't think all of it is, I would say judging. It's just I start old saying, what would Jesus do? Could you see him just pull back on on one? Yes. Get out. He wouldn't smoke some weed. Get out there burning bush. Absolutely Bush burning. Bush was to bring a message. Didn't you say to save again His father created M The burning bush was not for you. Him smoking. No, the bush was being burnt to show as a sacrifice. Question. Mann and Wayne sacrificed in the bush that I'm talking about. No they not.


No. They cooking greens. God creates everything for a purpose. God created marijuana. He did. But it but it, it wasn't for us to to be like joyous around High healing. Now I do believe it. Medical Purpose. It's healing. It's for healing. Y'all don't think Jesus got high? I Don't. I'm gonna push you out that seat. Listen, why do you think all them people thought he was walking on water? Ain't cus but neither. Listen, he turned the water in the wine. So that's the alcohol. And then he turned the fish bowl, the fish and the bread. He multiplied everybody. That's, that's the munchies man. I dunno man. That is the munchies. I see why you always on him. Come on. Come on Lauren, Get this. So this is, I'm With you. This is your Time. You know what I'm doing.


I'm allowing him to jump off the cliff on his own. And we just gonna watch him go down. Jesus Know my heart. He working on his. That's all he need to Say. Don't try to bring God on in here. Double time now. Now you see it double. You were just smoking with God. Now you, Yeah. Alright. I told you we gonna Call up. That Ain't Won't He do it. He's working for us tonight. Man. We appreciate you You. know we have to pray before we leave. Charlamagne definitely needs it. We all need it. Father God, We thank you for this day. We thank you for this opportunity to be before your people. We actually just bless us, Lord God. Bring inspiration, understanding to all of us, God, in every area that we need and touch those that are having problems for us in their minds, Lord God, to just bring and lift every weight off of us.


Oh God, we just give you glory for this opportunity. Thank you for The Breakfast. Club. Thank you for what they bring for our people. And we give you glory for everything that you're doing. In Jesus name, amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. For joining us. Always a pleasure man. Thank you So much. Thank y'all. Pick up the album out right now. Live, breathe, breath and fight. Fight. And remember, keep Living, keep breathing, keep fighting. God did not smoke the burning bush. He did not. He was. It Was. That's not it. It was for sacrifice. Come on, get Outta. There it is. The, Breakfast, Club. Get outta there. Outta there. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, y'all crazy. If y'all think Jesus ain't never smoking no weed, like outta your mind. Omes too. So God just put all of those great recreational drugs here on earth coming from the earth and didn't partake.


Okay. Okay. Okay. David Manay ain't gonna push you out your Chair. If your daddy created marijuana and shrooms, you wouldn't partake. Okay. Okay. Alright. Right. Okay. Let's get To just with the mess with law. LaRosa, Your music is real. Just Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do lie. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me now. In the last hour, Jess with the mess. I told you guys that there was a little bit more left of the 50 cent billboard article that I did wanna get into.


So they had also asked 50 cent about Drake losing his footing in the battle when he started responding to some of the different allegations that were being thrown at him. Because the person who was interviewing 50 says, I think that at that point is when Drake lost his footing a bit. And what 50 cent says is when you say something that isn't true and the person wants to defend themselves, they're encouraged, the public likes that you're vulnerable because it matters to you that it wasn't true. And then they jump on you. That's like Meek Mill. When they say Meek is Gay. Yes. When they say Meek is gay with the puffs in the puff situation now it's how he responds to it that makes people talk about it more. It gets bigger and bigger and it turns into things going on and out there.


You don't hear one thing about French man, Montana and French was in that circle and around a lot of that. Not one thing, but Meek is all over the place. It's the way that they respond to what people say about them publicly. They feel like, oh that bothers you. If you say anything then that then people start harping on it harder and harder. I thought that that was a great lesson to take from this article of ignore the BS because he is right. You don't hear French. Montana was around the Diddy stuff. Why You throwing French in in now? Leave French Little. No, he was, he he came up in the conversation but he never responded. So did Usher. Remember never responded and looked, but when the Meek stuff happened, it was everywhere. 50 a true cancer. He acting like he didn't fuel so much of those French and Diddy back in the Day. He said, he says he be he be he know what he do Online. Yeah.


Come on man. I heard did he touch your butt? That was, that was 50 thing to French all the time. But the point, you get the point, right? Yes. That's what you, you be telling me that I tell you that all the time. Yeah. I don't pay that. I don't pay that no attention. And and Meek does make it bigger pulse, whoa. When he replies back to things, don't, don't, don't, don't give things energy With the meat. Does what? Man, shut up You. Know what I'm talking about. You ain't here like that Paula Santos. 'cause you done said that. God be smoking weed and yeah, don't be trying to call for him now. He can't hear you. Truth. Is he tired? He cannot hear you Or she Or she I that. Now also Za has some comments too on the Drake Kendrick beef, and this will be the last part, but I wanted to hear his comments too.


Let's take a listen. First of all, Kendrick is the natural lyricist. And Drake I think is a trained lyricist. You could train a fighter and he could be good. Then you got those natural fighters and while Drake got bars forever, Kendrick bars potency was stronger. So the battle for Bar for bar was something that was just not good advice on Drake's Camp. Drake is a, is a powerful artist in our culture. And you can't take that away from him. The thing that these young brothers should recognize as you get older, you gain more knowledge and wisdom and experience. So hopefully as they mature more and as humans, they would go, wow, that's crazy. That's, I ate you up, son. I love that other joint.


My son love your joint. My son love your joint. That's is what it is. And here we are for the culture coming together. Rza is not wrong. But I would also just expound on that and say Kendrick is an other worldly lyricist, mc, who can also write songs. Drake is a very dope rapper and an exceptional songwriter. But Drake didn't play into his strengths and this battle and Kendrick played into all of his Drake. Scrimp is songwriting making hits. He didn't give us a hit in this battle. I thought he battle us about how he thought he was gonna How long talk about this battle? Oh, you upset what you mean? No, no. I I will say no. It is a little bit far right? It's been a long time. Shut up. But I was wondering because Y'all shut up. It has y'all New York is still talking about Jay-Z and Na. So cut it out.


No, we don't. Oh, please. No we Don't. People still reference that beef a lot. Nah, they so More about B Tupac a lot and Tupac. Because both of them, that's even longer. But both of 'em are dead. So they're like a immortalized. They they haven't really, but that's even longer. What's the point? You don't. A great beef is a great beef. This happened this summer. Knock it off When y'all say, like, when people still talk questions, when Charlotte or whoever being here saying like, it's the greatest beef that we've seen in a long, a long time or whatever it greatest It. The greatest thing I've ever seen. Period. Yeah, right. I didn't really under I hear that, but it's like, okay, there will be more beefs. But now I'm understanding this morning when all this was top of news, I'm like, we're still talking about it. Like it happened yesterday. This is, I've never seen this ever And, I just want, I will say it's lot. I will say to to I understand what 50 saying. I understand what s saying. Both of them. All right. But it's really not even that deep.


Kendrick is just better. And he busted Drake's ass. That's Just it. Drake hate to see you coming. It's just the truth. Kendrick Kendrick is better. And he was better in this battle and he just busted Drake's ass. It's just that simple. All right, well that was the moral Now Kendrick now in the battle. Abby birthday. Drake. Exactly. Dang. On his birthday. I'm sorry. You wanna blow? People wanna blow out his candle. Ooh, not true. And he gonna pop out a cake. Drake dressed like a Owl. Charlotte. It's a trick candle. The flame will keep lightning tell, keep blowing until Drake tell him. Stop. He gonna be jealous. But go Ahead and continue on. All right, so Charles Barkley and Shaq inside the NBA, they were having a conversation yesterday about Bronny and LeBron's first game where they made the NBA history.


And Charles Barkley made a very controversial statement. Let's take a listen Bro's. A prospect, number one, I'm glad he is healthy. I I think he should be in the G League. He's not ready to play in the NBA right now. And it's expected he will spend and he should be in the G League because he's not ready to play in the NBA first and foremost. But secondly, there's gonna be some guys coming for his head and he's not ready. 'cause he's really a a, a tweener. He's a point guard to guard. He, he's, it's probably best attribute right now is being a defender. But I think to take the pressure off him and let him get better as a player, he should be in the g What's controversial about what he said? People Ain't gonna say that.


Who? No, That's that's, he's absolutely right. He Didn't say right or wrong. I said controversial. Who have you heard saying that publicly on the platform. Everybody been Saying that he has to play to play better. Any he has to play said that. Not y'all we're talking about other, other people, other analysts, other major sports names. Everybody else is just like they happy for bro 'cause it's LeBron son. No, people are still happy. I haven't heard it. Two things can,


Hey Amazon Prime members. Why pay more for groceries when you can save big on thousands of items at Amazon Fresh Shop Prime exclusive deals and save up to 50% on weekly grocery favorites. Plus save 10% on Amazon brands like our new brand, Amazon Saver 365 by Whole Foods Market at Plenty and More. Come back for new deals rotating every week. Don't miss out on Savings Shop. Prime exclusive deals at Amazon. Fresh Select varieties.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport. We're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's The history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am mate. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we pushed record. Right? Okay. And this season we're taking and a run bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Seeing that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh, so All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, it's Honey German. And I'm bringing you Gracias. Come again. The podcast where we dive deep into The World of Latin culture and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists and culture shifters, this is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars, from actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes. You know it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman laughs and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun and life stories. Join me for Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get into to listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Be true. You can be happy for him and you can be happy to see this happen. You can be happy that LeBron has the power to make that happen. But you can also say, yeah, he's not ready for the NBA. No. He needs to play in the G League. For him to get better, he has to play. He's not gonna play in the NBA. He can't play two minutes every game when they're blowing teams out, he has to play in the G League. He'll get better, he should be there and it is what it is. But I'm happy for him to be in the NBA but by the way, he gotta play To get better. People were saying that before he even left college, they were saying he wasn't able to NB know. I know they were saying that and they were saying a lot. I remember when he won the McDonald's All American too. People were like, he didn't deserve that either. Ah, I Don don't remember that. I, there was a whole controversy. They felt like it was given to him because of who he was. And there were other people that were more deserving. Yeah, but nah, he, I think he needs to stay play in the G League 'cause he has to play to get better.


And in the NBA he won't get time. He'll get two, three minutes and that's not enough time for him To get better. I want Ronnie to get better and shut everybody up. Me Too. I I love to I Ronnie Ball up. Me too. Alright. But it's not hate though. It's not hate to say that. Like that's just ba Now we're talking about just basketball critique. Celebrate salute. Glad to see Bronny James Jr. And LeBron on the court love. Right. But you still gotta talk basketball. You can't 'cause 'cause if he's going out there averaging oh point something points and oh point something rebounds and not getting no minutes, then what? He had zero rebounds in Tuesday. Eight game. Charles Barkley didn't lie. All y'all well that was this hour of the mess. All right, well Charlie man, we give that down two Man four after the hour.


6 million ways to get in into hell choose one. There's a guy named Jeremy LA from Florida. He needs to come to the front of congregation. We'd like to have a world with him. Please. All right, We'll get to that next. It's the breakfast slow. Good morning, You are chicken out, The, Breakfast, Club the crazy people in America. I really got Bronx. Damn. It's time for Don Day. We in the Y in the, the craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all, all He Laughed. Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news? If I catch all As in traffic, I whisper Y'all.


It Is just one of the many wacky news stories Out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man, that's double, that's that devilish laugh. What is so funny? You Go to ambitious of Jesus. No, I was laughing that something I saw Carlos Miller post. Who? My guy Carlos Miller. Listen, donkey today for Thursday, October 24th, goes to a 20-year-old Florida man named Jeremy Lang. Now what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now I'm gonna tell you right now we keep having all these conversations about border security. But I see stories like the one I'm about to tell you. And all I keep thinking is we building walls for the wrong people or we need to build more walls.


Okay, finish the one at the border because yes, we need stronger border security. But who gonna keep these crazies from within away from us? Okay, I'm looking at Jeremy Lang and I'm saying I need a wall built internally here in America to keep us away from them. Who is them? Them is the crazies. Okay. See he's the young man. So I give him grace only 20 years old. But then I see what he's accused of and it just reinforces to me that this new era we are in, because it's social media, just has completely, completely made people lose sight of what reality is. Hell. If you 20, you probably don't know what reality is because you never experienced it. If you grew up in an era of social media and YouTube and nothing I repeat, nothing will make you outta touch with reality like those platforms.


Now Jeremy wanted to steal from Jesus. Okay? Well not Jesus but a place where people worship. Okay. Jesus. And that place is a church. Yes. Jeremy was arrested last week for burglarizing a church and police say he's probably linked to six more. What type of table you get in hell for that. Okay, that should get you in the VIP section of club Satan with bottle service. But Jeremy was arrested for burglarizing the church. Let's go to ABC three for the report please. Police say 20-year-old Jeremy Lang is responsible for at least seven burglaries over two and a half week span. Surveillance footage we obtained from Pastor Clifton Riley at Bethel a ME church shows the suspect break several windows before eventually climbing in last Friday night. The pastor tells me he spent less than five minutes inside and left with nothing.


Authorities say Lang was spotted Monday night wearing the same clothes from the surveillance days prior. He was found carrying burglary tools, marijuana, and a stolen firearm. And PPD says Jeremy Lang provided a false name to them at the time of his arrest. He is charged with one of the burglaries at this church. Other charges are pending from the six other churches that he's burglarized. PPD did not identify the items that he's accused of stealing. No. I definitely could just give him Donkey of the day for that You. know what I'm saying? Because You know you stole from the church. God definitely got something for this jackass. But that's between him and his creator. But the reason I'm giving him donkey today is not only because he stole from all those churches, but police searched his cell phone and in his cell phone he had internet searches like And I quote, how to cut shirt into a mask.


Jesus Wear. Do church keep money? These are actual quotes. Do churches have safes? Lemme tell you how you spelled safes. SAFE apostrophe apostrophe S. So SAFE apostrophe S possession. Ha. This is the one that got me. Oh boy. He Googled events where you raise money in Pensacola. He was going after all the sweet licks. This man was gonna rob people who are actually doing great things in the community. Events where you raise money in Pensacola. I had to Google for myself events where you raise money in Pensacola because I had to see what Jeremy saw.


I wanted to see what Jeremy saw. Okay, would you like to hear some of the events? Yes. This Heathing was plotting on. Yes. Fourth annual brunch fest. Purple paint party. That's the second annual charity event. The fall. Paul Palooza a pet adoption and charity event together for tomorrow. Event fourth annual mission 22 Show and Shine Pins for a purpose. 28th annual CCA Pensacola Banqueting Auction hot work hits cancer, Pensacola, east Hill and northwest. Bro, you deserve to be under the jail. What? What are you talking about? You know what's under the jail. What's that? Hell, okay.


You was going to take money from people raising money for cancer. You was gonna take money from people who are encouraging people to adopt pets. I keep telling y'all, segregation wasn't a bad concept, it was just poorly executed. Should have been based on behavior, not race. Because I don't want people like Jeremy eating in the same establishments I'm eating in. I don't want people like Jeremy going to the same schools as my kids. And, I. Damn sure don't want to go to the same church as Jeremy because he's just in there staking the place out. I need to see what human evolution looks like for people like Jeremy. He's 20 but he thinks he can just Google search how to commit a crime against the church. How to commit crimes against the community. He literally searched for how to cut shirt into a mask.


Where do church keep money? He was plotting on a robbing a pet adoption and charity event. I don't know if anything man made, I don't know if anything man is created can rehabilitate this human. I think even God would have to admit some of the product he created is just defective. Please give Jeremy Lang the biggest hee-haw. It's horrible. What does he look like? What you looking at? Play a game. Play a game. I do. Mm. Okay, let's do, let's play a game of yes. What race? Alright, gimme clues. Jeremy Lang, 20 years old from Pensacola, Florida, robbed about five to six churches and he googled how to, he Googled how to cut shirt into a mask.


Where do church keep money? DJ envy. Guess what? Racists. Ah, white. Okay. Not mad at that. Guess see if He was black, he'd have the po Shay mask already so he wouldn't need to cut a mask into it. So Good. I'm that's, I'm, that's what I'm with's I'm going with. That's a good use of context clue. Lauren LaRosa. Jeremy Lang, 20 years old in Pensacola, Florida. Robbed about five to six churches. Google things like do churches have safes and used an apostrophe and safes? Guess what? Res I hate to do this to us. Uhoh us. What do you Mean? I think he black damn down.


I hate it. I just felt And I. Think he watched a little bit of like too much of first Sunday. Yeah. I I think he's one. I hate that though. But I think he's one of Uss Well How your vs. DJ envy Lauren LaRosa. I want you both to know that you are absolutely positively wrong. Damn. Both of Us are wrong. Damn. Yes, both of y'all are wrong. Wow. Jeremy Lang is not white. Jeremy Lang is not black. Was he? Jeremy Lang is nigga. Wow. How, how do you think he was gonna get away with that hair like that? Like you see that hair mile away. I don't care if you wrap your face with a a t-shirt, a sweatshirt.


You can see that hair. Stick it out. I'm convinced after seeing that, that M word did it for the mix tape. He needed content for his mixtape. It's Damn, Look at him. Look at him. Okay, look at him. Prophe Gave It away. This man looks suspicious in any neighborhood. He does. I don't care what neighborhood he is in. He looks suspicious. You right. Black neighborhoods, white neighborhoods. This man will get the police called on him. He Came out the womb. He looked like he came out the womb doing all the wrong stuff. Yo, he, Wow. Even in his mugs are, he's like, mm, boom. Mm mm gotta just blip ball up. Like mm. When I get outta here Mm, I'm coming straight to the pastor. You Gotta be a different type of dumb to try to rob the people of God. Jesus. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051.


Have you ever got your friend in trouble with his girlfriend or wife or boyfriend and wife? Right. That happened to me this morning. It did because you talked too Much. I I just got my friend in trouble by accident. Don't FaceTime me. I play all the time. I never not play. He was, he, he, he was at the doctor. He was at the hospital. He had to go to the er. So when I see him at the er, I said, see, I told you need to leave him dirty alone. Leave him dirty chicks alone. He scares to the side and his wife's in the corner. You know my wife here. And she goes, I heard what you just said. So I I banged on her. And Then you hung up so fast looking suspicious. Yeah, I'm suspicious. You should have been like, what? I knew your wife was, there was a joke. Nah, And it don't help that. There was a headline of you this week that said, ain't nothing wrong being a little freaking Rigging Baby boy.


He got it. Right. So that is the question. Have you ever got your homie, ladies, have you ever got your girl in trouble with their man by talking too much? Now you said I was talking to Lauren about this and Lauren said you got codes. I have. Yeah. I mean you have to know, you gotta be respectful of what's possibly happening in the room because I'm the friend that I'm, I might call you at 2:00 AM with some stuff to say. And my friends, they You know they, they got boyfriends they live with they boyfriends, all that. So yeah, we, we have a, we know how to talk to each other in certain ways because some stuff just ain't for the, the boos to know. So what do you say? Why would I say every right. You're right. You're right, you're right. Charlemagne. Ew. What? I don't get involved in people's shenanigans.


Okay. I'm that person that once I go straight, if you ain't straight, I'm telling everybody. So what I mean by that is We know you're not straight though. What, what, what, what I mean by that is when I say, when I say black men don't cheat, I really mean that. So all black Men don't cheat on what All my partners know. Don't even come around me with that. Don't talk to me about it. 'cause I ain't covering you for nothing. But He didn't ask nothing. He was just an emergency room. And. I Was just playing. I'm not covering for nothing. Don't call me talking about, Hey man, I'm gonna tell such, such you was with me. Don't do that. Don't do that with me. I don't play those type of Things. Dang. So if your homeboy ever had to call you and be like, yo, I was at whatever. Tell him I was asleep on your couch. You be like, That has happened to me. What happened? What you do? I'm like, I'm not getting involved in none of this. I don't know what he told you. I ain't talking to, okay. And then I called him like, bro, don't be getting me, don't put me in the middle of this nonsense.


Yo, I don't play that. I mean, I, I I don't play that. I can understand. I get it, but like, dang, I don't play that. And then, and then your homeboy get mad. Man. You can't do such. No, I cannot do such and such. I will not lie for you. Don't put me in the mix of this 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies. Have you ever got your, your girl in trouble by talking through the phone or saying something wrong? Fellas, have you ever got your homie in trouble, yo, On purpose? You. know what? Be the one you said on Purpose. On Purpose. Call me with this Fool. Y ever saw the TikTok with a girl? Call her home girl and be like, that kids is out here. And she turned the phone and she in the car with her boyfriend and she like, Ooh, I'm gonna call you right back. She did what you did because now you gotta explain why she calling. Even tell me where the, where the hose Is at. Envy be playing too much.


That's what he said. I'm sure we gotta Go to rap, bro. Take your calls. What you gonna say If you gotta go to rap, bro? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out. Pull out your phone. Call in right now. Call, add your opinion to The. Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast. Club. Daddy calling my phone. Calling my phone man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Laura la Rosa filling in for Jess. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Have you ever got your friend in trouble? Meaning did you ever say something you weren't supposed to say? And that is the question. That's what happened to me this morning. I was playing around, a friend of mine called me. He had to go to the doctor. I seen him at the doctor And. I was just like, Hey, messing with them dirty chicks. And yeah, he, he scanned to the corner and his wife was in the room, was like, I heard what you just said. So I just banged, hung up the phone. That made it worse. I want you to know that. I'm sure. So, but you said you've done this before? Yeah, I have done this before. I had to learn my lesson about just calling my homegirls and saying anything. Especially when you're on FaceTime. 'cause you automatically on speaker because even if you'll be like, if you call somebody and be like, Hey you by yourself and then the other person here, like their person or boyfriend hears that.


It's like, well why is she asking if you by yourself why she can't talk to you and I'm here. Even a littlest thing like that gets, you get somebody in trouble. Charlamagne said he staying far away. Don't call him, he ain't playing with none of games. I Don't get involved in anybody's shenanigans. Don't call me with that foolishness. I've never played like that. I don't wanna be Nobody's fake alibi. You shouldn't be lying to your girl. And if you call me in front of people on FaceTime You know for any reason. I'm gonna say something crazy just because why you doing that? You doing that. Like why you doing why, why you gotta FaceTime me in front of all the people? You want people just to know that we know each other. Like especially when you ain't calling me for nothing. Yout calling Homeboy. If, if your homeboy girlfriend is like, well FaceTime 'em, then I wanna hear FaceTime. You said you was with Sean? FaceTime. Oh, I'll, I'll give you a good example. This happened, this happened.


I'm not gonna say where I'm, I'm, I'm gonna keep everything generic. Right. Okay. But we at a game, right? We at a game. Right. And one of my partners was having a party that night and it was a house party, but they was inviting the other boo while their, while their baby mama was there. And so I said something like, what time is the party tonight? And he hitting my leg. Right because he didn't want his baby mama to know that he was having a party. So she was like what party? Oh, I said the party he's having at his house tonight. Yeah. I'm I'm not about to lie for you. Yo, you crazy. You straight up yo, you crazy. Straight up. For real. Don't be doing that. Don't put me in the middle of none of this.


These shit your shenanigans You put yourself. You asked what time to party. You Know. She didn't know Now. Sabrina. What? I'm good morning Sabrina. Good morning. Good morning. Now you got your girl in trouble Sabrina? No, my girl got me in trouble. What happened? Well so she posted me on her Facebook page and she posted me getting married and my boyfriend didn't know I got married. Wait a minute, Your boyfriend didn't know you got married. Your boyfriend Didn't know you got married. That don't sound right. Let me light my apologize because You, you're supposed to get her Facebook page. Oh my best friend got married. Da. But my boyfriend didn't know that. He like, somehow that's how I got contact. He got married.


Mommy just took me to Africa. We was there for like a whole month. We supposed to be going back to the property there, everything. And now he's going to Africa now to get married. You took your boyfriend to Africa? No, her Boyfriend took boyfriend took her to Africa. But then she came home and married her. Her now husband? No, I married him before I went to Africa. Oh, so you just recently got married and spent your honeymoon in Africa with your other bull. Right. Oh, so lemme ask you a question. What do you use to clear up your your vaginal PH? Balance your pH your discharge. The sad part was, I, we wasn't, we wasn't doing nothing. I was just like You Know you a liar. Ain't nobody took you to Africa and y'all ain't do nothing.


All my mother we was not. Well you was lying. Why would you lie like This? He was not. You're lying your ass. He must have been old And fat and you was doing it for the money. You know what? He's not fat. And he just felt like he was taking me to Africa because he was doing me a favor because when his family would come to America, I would take them everywhere. Picture to the doctors, showed him around and he would disappear. He should, he wasn't the one doing nothing should for him when he would come here. So he was like, let me take you to show you where I'm from 'cause I took him Stuff he should have took you to to Ghana where I'm From and everything. He should have took you to Ghana and took you to the door. No return and left your ass. Jesus Christ. Hello? Who's this?


Chris? Chris? What's up brother? This happened to you Chris? Yeah man, I got my partner in trouble about about a week or two ago. Man. Tell me what happened Chris. Man. So I was sitting up there having some talk with my homeboy. You was having pillow talk with your homeboy. That sounds crazy. You know how You know how guys talk man. We having locker room talk. I ain't never, I ain't never said I'm having pillow talk with my homeboy. If you had pillow talk with your homeboy, you had some baby oil and some Louis around brother? No I didn't say pillow. I said pillow talk. Oh I Thought you said pillow. I heard pillow too Brother. Go ahead brother. Yeah, so I'm sitting there telling him about a recent trip I had to be off You know talking about everything I did over there and I'm looking around And. I say Hey is that on?


He say no brother, he man this is on its own. What did he say? So about Man listen the camera about 10 minutes later man his kick coming, cutting the both of us out telling us what we need to do, where we need to go and all this shit kicked me outta the house and everything. Hey man. You know why because y'all was having unc talk You. know what I'm saying? You get, I be doing the same thing. Me and my partners get to a certain day man make sure them phones off man. Take them phones, put them phone you and that phone ain't recorded. Hey, put that away now. And You got your ass in Trouble. She had the camera on. Hell man. Y'all both put Yeah she had a ring camera on. Oh yeah, yeah. And the ring camera was recorded.


He didn't know. He said he see a light and he said nah, I ain't record it. And it was my Girls do that all the time. Damn. Boyfriends have no idea what shoot, now they know. Sorry. 805, 8 5 5 1. I might just the, Have you ever got your homie in trouble by talking too much? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura on LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're asking, have you ever got your homie in trouble this morning?


One of my homies call me. He was in the doctor's office. And I was just joking with him. You know. 'cause we play like we like we play. Just like if I ever call Charlemagne and and I'm in emergency room, he gonna say something. What's something stuck in your ass? He gonna say that regardless. I know. That's why I would never,


Hey Amazon Prime members, why pay more for groceries when you can save big on thousands of items at Amazon Fresh Shop Prime exclusive deals and save up to 50% on weekly grocery favorites. Plus save 10% on Amazon brands like our new brand, Amazon Saver 365 by Whole Foods market up plenty and more. Come back for new deals rotating every week. Don't miss out on Savings Shop. Prime exclusive deals at Amazon. Fresh Select varieties.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Waken Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport. We're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Awaken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Hey Friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent I'm coming offers because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Someone's cheating. We've Got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Honey German And. I'm bringing you. Gracias. Come again. The podcast where we dive, dive deep into The World of Latin culture and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists and culture shifters, this is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars, from actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes. You know it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman laugh and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun and life stories. Join me for gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get into to listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Call him. Yeah, because you don't tell the truth. He Ain't say nothing about no, no women though. Exactly. Because You know that's not the life you live In. Exactly. Lauren, right. I'm gonna tell the truth. I'm gonna say what? I'm gonna say. What got in your butt? I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say who left something in your butt. Because that's true. That was not true. No, that's true. But anyway, so I said something stupid. I like I said, what dirty chick he was messing with now just joking, laughing. And then he scan, he scanned to the side of the room and his and his wife was on the in the corner low Kiddo. Why would he answer the phone like yo envy me and my wife here at the hospital. That's What he should have said. 'cause he knew I played. I listen. But anyway. So by the Way that that is a telltale sign that you up to no good. Yeah man, me and the wife just sitting here You. know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. What's up? Me and the wife just here. Oh you don't even answer the phone. Hello? You be like, hold on baby. Somebody calling me right now. I think this George on the phone. Hey, what's up?


Pardon? I'm here with my wife. You just telling on yourself Juan. What's up Juan? What's up man? What's going on Andrew? You all right? I'm good brother. Talk to us. You all right? Hey so look, I just wanna say, I just wanna say this old girl, she on there, she talking about she feeling the beans on her people because she saying that You know they got clothes and stuff. So she kind exposed to whoever know her in real life. You would never, people Gonna be like, what'd you say It? I mean we we not stupid like yes you are, you would. No we're not. I've been thinking about this Whole conversation. No, you would never. Even the way that we talk to each, it's the same way that you be like, Hey, I'm in the car with such and such. You on speaker. Like you would never even Lauren guess It. Lauren, you've told on yourself so much. No, but I mean promise you. But the only reason I ain't even Trip, I promise you'll be good.


Only reason I ain't tripping. 'cause all the guys that like You know you need to heal. You had two guys tell you story. I, that's why we Not talking about me. We talking about my friends that are in relationships. I don't have to hide nothing from no, I don't belong to to anybody Slim. What's the deal? What's the deal? Yo Slim, what's up? Talk to us. This happening to you slim. Now you don't belong to nobody. Oh Yeah. Don't belong to this is happening happened the other day, me and my cousin, we went to go after work and we went, went over with some little skis crib. And I. My night was successful. So I was calling to see how his knife was and when I called him I'm like, hey. I'm like, Hey, what's up with Truck last night? And he was like, what's, I don't know what you talking about. I'm like the business from over there on playlist. My brother talk man. Go ahead Young King.


Go ahead. Keep talking. Go ahead King. I like, I'm like the bitch from over there on and his girl snatches the phone. Like what didn't y'all went to go see last night? And I pulled to you. I I hung up the phone. If he said what you talk about, you supposed to let it slide. You keep going You know them bitches. You know what Bro? But that's the funny part. I was excited As hell. I was excited about thinking about that because You just had a successful night. So what was funny about I Good Night. What was funny about it when he said, man, I don't know what you're talking about. You started giving descriptions. Yeah man, You know the girl with the brown eyes and the long brown Goodbye slim I gave up comes damn Slim. Ain't that quick.


He like the skis though. You know the skis though with the short name. Oh man. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Crystal. Good morning. Good morning. Okay, What happened Crystal? Okay, so my girlfriend coworker slash my friend, I'm in the car with my boyfriend. He messed around and found some text messages or whatever. So on some defense type stuff I call her. I'm like girl, ah, did You know that such and such feel like I'm cheating on him with such and such First thing outta her mouth is, well you are damn. Oh my God. But in The World, right? So say what Lauren? I Oh how You know I was about to say something because why wouldn't you be like, girl You know I'm sitting here with and he trying to tell me Uhuh.


No, no, no because You know I wanted it because, okay, this is the reason for real because I felt like I wasn't cheating. I feel like sex is not cheating. But that's another girl. Sex is Cheating. But listen, when you in, when you in do or die flight mode like that, you don't have time to moving in variables. You need to get straight to the point. And the point you needed was your friend to be like you not cheating. And she needed to know. She needed to say that. Hear you didn't give her cues up. You, you didn't give her the cue. Listen, you dropped the ball. That wasn't her fault. That was yours. Goodbye Crystal. You messed that one up yourself. My bad. Y'all. Y'all have a good one. You too. Shout onto my baby cam. Alright, is that Miss? Alright, That's the one that She She bet m.


Alright, what's the moral of the Story? The moral of the story is I don't Charlemagne don't Robert Bank With him. Definitely don't. And I'm about to tell on Lauren, I just wanted the record to show, I just want the record to show that Lauren said this morning, she don't belong to nobody. After talking about all the codes, her and her homegirls use, just a couple weeks ago she was referring to some man as her bait her Man, I just want to tell that brother. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Run for your life, okay? Hey, hey, hey. If he can hear you, that's the only way he can hear you. 'cause he can't get through this phone. Get Away from Lauren LaRosa. Okay, run. It's not my fault. People beat Kat once you make it to the block list, you live there. I don't know what to do. Alright? Damn. So he was your man two weeks ago. Now he blocked.


Who are we even talking about? I don't know who This guy was. I don't know who can't remember me. And we was all texting in the group chat and she was like, yeah, something Got Y'all. Y'all distracted me from talking to my man right now. Like what? Don't know nothing. Don't. I ain't see nothing. Wow. I Don. Dunno what You talking about. Well, it's a cold, cold world. You better bundle up all. Well we got Justin Domestic with Lord, You got good coats. Go get you one. I don't know This God damn. We do. We gonna get into Cam and Angel Reese talking about things. People said Cam has some words for Angel Reese. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's dj nv Jess.


Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren. La Rosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don she don't nobody bro. World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren And I. Me Lauren. Alright y'all. So Cameron and Mace were on. It is what it is. And Kim had some words for Angel Reese. Now Angel Reese earlier this week went online.


She was on Instagram live and she was talking about how much money she makes versus how much money she spends. Let's take a listen to Angel Reese. I just hope y'all know the WNBA don't pay my bills at all. I don't even think that pays one of my bills. Literally. I'm trying to think of like my rent for where I stay at five. Where is my, I don't even know. My salary. 74 Okay times. Yo, I'm living beyond my means. It's like, no, my rent is more than that. It's 8,000. I'm living beyond my means. Like y'all think if y'all thought I don't, I don't even know my salary for WNBA. Did I even pay my card up? Yeah, I think it Paid your card up. Now when she, when when that live happened, of course that picked up everywhere. 'cause people were debating, well why doesn't she know what she makes?


Is she is she, is she really living above her means? Which you can hear her, I believe she's jokingly saying that. Of course. So nobody understands Star ka The World. Nobody. Nobody heard her say Psych. No. Listen, nobody Heard the big old psych Ta tallish. No. Listen, I think that the reason why I picked up so big is because there's always that conversation around the WNBA and the money they make or whatever, right? Angel Reese though, I mean she's Angel Reese. She has tons of endorsement deals. A million Of 'em. There were A lot of people responding to her though. She's got her Own sneaker. We gonna get into her stuff. Let's take a listen to camera on on it is what it is. Responses to responding to Angel Reese. And. I seen that video. I didn't like the video. She's like, yo, the WNBA doesn't even can't even pay one of my bills.


It doesn't cover my rent. And they was like, how much? She says, how much do I make a year to whoever she's talking to? You can't see who she's talking to. That's first. You don't know how much you make a year. Secondly, she says, how much is my rent? So you don't, you don't know what your rent is. Oh, she don't go broke. So then they tell her what her rent is. They said 8,000, let's do the math. So she says 74 times 8,000. I'm like, that isn't math. That is a multiplication. You would, It was more for my personal disappointment. Okay, so Kim You know, trying to give her some advice, basically telling her to like, slow down a bit, do well with your money because people can't go broke.


So people were doing the math on her rent. You know eight KA month, 12 months. That's 96 K. 16 months. That's 128 K. Her estimated salary, she said herself is about like what, 73 74 think it makes 74,000 in WNBA Year. And people were trying to make the point, well like You know her rent alone is gonna be more than what she's making off of her salary. But let's get into Angel Reese as a business, right, because Angel Reese, she recently just dropped the news that she owns part of a soccer team. Correct? Yep. She just redid a deal and some sort of endorsement deal that she has with Cash App. She also has things with Reebok. Reebok, she has always Sneak, she has endorsements by brands like Goldman Sachs, tops Beats by Dre Tampa packs, Airbnb, Amazon, PlayStation, sports Illustrated swimsuit stuff.


She's out Reese's Pieces thing. Yeah, Reese's Pieces. She makes way more money outside of BA. She's running around now. I do. I mean I'm You know as you're coming up. I think she's very open to You know advice. I'm probably, I'm hopefully You know. Sure she has a really good business manager. But I think people are a little being a little bit too tough on her not understanding what she's saying, which she was getting at. She was joking. She She was joking. And she's also saying like she Said, psyche, yo. Yeah, but I think the sarcasm was also supposed to be like a, a shot at the fact that she, she has to work really hard outside of her WNBA contract because I have how much money she makes and she does it. She also says Psyche and Then she's also a rookie. Psych Don't mean nothing to y'all no more. Yeah. Not does, but she's also a rookie You know, most rookies don't make those huge contracts. They go into a rookie contract for the first two years and then the third year or the fourth year is usually where they You know, reevaluate and get the big check.


But she makes all her money outside. But the reality is the WNBA is not paying any of her bills. No, but everything She's doing outside of the WNBA, she clearly was being sarcastic. She said Psych, I knew you was gonna say that again because I don't understand like Psych, I didn't know she words matter. It's like, I mean, She said psych. Yeah, I know. We know Psych. Psych. All right, y'all Better worry about how y'all gonna pay y'all bills first right around the, it's almost right. Halloween Parties Yesterday. Nine days. It's eight days today. Eight Days to the first. Okay. You gotta decide if you're gonna go to a Halloween party or pay the rent. Dang. Is that, I mean, I was gonna say it's that hard. It is that hard for some people. What's the Soccer team? She she do on the part of the soccer team?


What's The name of it? Let me look it up. Flew to the MLS too, man. Flew to Don. Don Garber, the commissioner of the MLS Actually taking my son to a game next week. The DC Power Football Club. Okay. Or DC team. Yeah, I think, I don't know if they're playing at Yankee Stadium because of The World series or they gonna play at Shaa Stadium with a Mets play. But I definitely go, you hook me up with that. Thank you. Of course. Now, in other news, we've been talking about the Young Thug case down in Atlanta and a lot of us have been screaming for a long time. Is this, when is a mistrial gonna happen because there's been so many missteps by the prosecution in this case. Well, yesterday the official mistrial watch has began, they're actually back in court today.


So there will be updates to this. But I did wanna briefly talk about this because yesterday in court for the, this is the longest running criminal trial in Georgia. There was an incident that happened where the prosecution had a witness on the stand. They go to give the witness something to read. It's, it is a pull from social media where he is supposed to be reading this to identify some other people that they're trying to identify in the courtroom. Right? The witness begins to read and everybody realizes, oh, he's reading an unredacted copy of this versus he's not reading the redacted copy that is on the monitor. Now this is important because oh my god, that redacted copy, right? It, it blocked out a hashtag that said hashtag Jesus free quo. The reason why the court had decided to block all that stuff out is because they didn't want the jury to even have any conversation or knowing of anybody else, any other defendants in this case that ever already been arrested.


So when he read Free Quo, now you can figure out, well, who was quiet? What was he arrested for? What was his You? know what I mean? Like it all can come in. So of course young thug's team goes in mistrial. Objection, mistrial. Yeah, right. They said that like nine times now. So at that point we have audio of the judge, can we take a listen to the, the judge talking about the sloppiness Trying to do is fix your sloppiness so that everybody won't have wasted You know 10, 12 months of their lives in this trial. Your Honor, we can't agree we can't come over. Okay. Do it now. I'll defense Baby. The grace of this judge is showing I've never seen a judge wanna help. They shouldn't, shouldn't clean up the sloppiness. I don't think that, But this is the third judge, right?


Yeah, it is the, it's like the third judge. But I, I will say she did mention that she's not going to grant a mistrial with prejudice, which means that the case is permanently done and can't be tried again. So there is still the option for a mistrial and then a retrial without prejudice, which means that the case can be brought back to court again. They would have a certain amount of time to get the case together to bring it back and retry it, but it could happen. So we're on this watch right now to see if that's even gonna happen. There's No, there's absolutely no way they can convict Young Thug and call it justice. This trial has been a complete joke from day one. It's a waste of taxpayer dollars. The best they can do is try to make a deal with Jeffrey's team, either that mistrial and if they come back and try to do it again, what would they do? Yeah, but that's what they, it seems like they'll try to do not be sloppy, but that's what they did with the artists from, I can't remember his name from Florida.


Remember? They, they, it was a mistrial and then they recharged them, right Mind WL Yeah. Which makes no sense. So now that means thug is gonna have to pay lawyers again and go through the same process again. If that happens, we gotta see that's not right. We gotta see what happens. That's not right if they're back in court. So Because they have more than enough time to get this case together and the fact that they didn't, it's not Right. Yep. Well they're back in court today, so we'll be watching. We'll be on the mistrial watch along with everybody else. They Tried to lock up Doug's attorney one point, remember? Yep. This Is crazy. They held him in consent to court and he said I would, I would rather be in jail with my, with my client so we can prepare this case. Mm. All right. Well that is just the Best call the bank. Don't call Charlotte. Well, Laura la Alright now when we come back, come tell her we got the People's Choice Mixes. The, Breakfast, Club.


Good morning, You out. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Lauren also filling in for Jess. We gotta salute to David and Tam Laman for joining us today. Her new album, live, breathe, and Fight is out right now. Yes indeed. Alright, and when we come back, we got the positive notes. So don't go anywhere as The, Breakfast Club in the morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. I gotta remind you guys that Powerhouse NYC goes down this Saturday. All right. If you wanna see artists like Sexy Red, a Boogie, bossman, dlo, just to name a few, get your tickets asap. It will sell out. Still some few tickets available. So get your tickets now. Charlamagne.


Yes indeed. We got a positive note. I do have a positive note and the positive note is simply this. It's a quote that I love that I I I, I really need to frame this quote actually 'cause it just talks about the era that we're in. Well, it applies to the era that we're in, but it's just about this constant lying that's always going on. And I, just want y'all to know this constant lying is not aimed at making the people believe a lie, but at ensuring that no one believes anything anymore. A people that can no longer distinguish between truth and lies cannot distinguish between right and wrong and such a people deprive of the power to think and judge is without knowing and willing it completely subjected to the rule of lies, which such of people, you can do whatever you want.


I don't know if You know this. They're doing whatever they want with us right now. You enjoy today Breakfast Club bitches do. I'm finish or y'all done.


Hey Amazon Prime members. Why pay more for groceries when you can save big on thousands of items at Amazon Fresh Shop Prime exclusive deals and save up to 50% on weekly grocery favorites. Plus save 10% on Amazon brands like our new brand, Amazon Saver 365 by Whole Foods Market at Plenty and More. Come back for new deals rotating every week. Don't miss out on Savings Shop Prime exclusive deals at Amazon, fresh Select varieties.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast Waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to we're talking and all things trending in ura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and raw wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with Gem Sponge straight up com and that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to, gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma Go. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back and this season we're taking an a bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, Seeing that the most popular cocktail is the Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.