
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living, or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now, That's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in, in additional terms, apply.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails.


Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake Gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. You gonna Corte? No, I'm not gonna court today. Oh, okay. You got the, you got the to tie On. I know, I know. Button nothing. When I got here earlier, Eli was like, you look like a flight attendant. Jess. You look so cool. I was like, yo, shut up. Look like a what? A flight attendant. Attendant. Oh Yes. He is so funny.


But last night I went to this woman's dinner. It was a Taraji P'S dinner. You know they got the new film coming out. Tyler Perry Straw. Yeah. It's on Netflix or whatever. And it was a nice event. It was at a black girl restaurant in the middle of New York City. Kwame. Oh, Tatiana. Tatiana Kwame. Oh yeah. Tatiana. Yo. Yes. And the, you know the chef. It's A five star chef. Yeah. And amazing. Yo beautiful Place. They got, it was So good. But you really Don't like Caribbean food. 'cause they do like Caribbean and African. It was like a Yeah, but it was mixed. It was so good if it's made right. Yo, it was so good. I didn't know nothing was, 'cause you know, it was so bougie. It looks so, but it was so good. It was seasoned right out that oxtail. It was falling off the Phone bone.


Yes. I love that place. I love that Place. Shout out to the people. I saw Gayle King last night. Sherry Cher Shepherd. I always say our name. Like Sherry. She Oh, I know. Couldn't nobody, I know. Nobody couldn't hush in there. No. Tara b Tam Hall was up in there. Oh Lord. Tamika d Mallory, nator Norton. All of them, man. Like it was, I know I'm leaving. Some people are, but it was, it was a room full of like just beautiful black women. Right. We were just, you know, empowering each other and dope. Tiana Taylor was there. It was, it was amazing. I loved it. Dope, Dope, dope, dope, dope. So, so y'all were just talking about the movie or just did just, They got us there, hyped us up. Showed us the trailer. I said, where's the movie? They showed us the trailer. No, the movie look good though.


Tiana plays a cop. Taraji, you know, she plays a mom struggling, you know what I'm saying? You know, it's a whole, How's assistant Tiana doing? She Doing good. Good. She doing good? She look good. Good. Happy. Everything. She, she good. Yo, she got a lot of things going on. So, Tyler Perry, do not stop. Boy Tyler Perry. Keep a movie out. He Does not. But this looks Good though. TV show Up. This, this look real Good. Show. Good. Dope. Dope, dope, dope. Salute to all those women. Yes. Yes. And salute to Chef Carme at Tatiana. Amazing place. If you ever come to New York City, like I said, it's like a Fivestar Michelin restaurant. Yes. Or whatever the star is. It's up there. It's hard to get in to make a reservation early, but the food and the vibes are just dope. And the drinks. Yes. Oh my God. Me and my wife love that spot.


All right, well, Snoop Dogg will be joining us this morning. It's album, The icon Living. The icon living. Snoop Dogg will be here. Is It a crime? His album Look comes out tomorrow. So we're gonna be kicking it with Snoop and play some joints off the album. And you know, it's Mental Health Awareness Month. So we have the good sister, Dr. Judith Joseph joining us. She has a new book, high Functioning, overcome Your Hidden Depression and Reclaim Your Joy, which is out Now. That's right. Well, let's get the show Crack. We got front page news a lot to discuss. I'm sure the latest with Lauren. We got a lot of breakdowns with Diddy because it went crazy yesterday. I know. Jesus. All right, we'll talk about it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Ah, the Cleveland Cavaliers have been eliminated from the NBA playoffs to payoff the paces. Beat 'em last night. 1 14, 1 0 5. And the Cavaliers were a number one seed. It's cool. Number one seed. Yes. You know, set the stage for LeBron. Go back and play his final year in Cleveland. Maybe get, maybe get them over the top. Get them back to the Easter conference finals one last time. Nick year. You think so? Maybe. Mm. Emini here. That'd be a good story. Yeah. Good storyline. The Thunder beat the nuggets last night. 1 12 1 0 5 OKC leads that series. Three, two. I actually like the fact that the paces actually beat 'em. I think the Knicks have a better chance of beating the paces. The beating the cals. But what's going on? Morgan? Morgan. Hey, front page news. Somebody Gotta Do it.


Let's do it. President Trump is visiting the Middle East. Yeah. Saying the future of the region is quote, commerce, not chaos. He spoke to, or he spoke at a Saudi US investment forum in Riyadh and Trump told the audience that Iran is the greatest threat to the peace in the Middle East. And he also said he's offering the regime a better path forward. Let's take a listen to President Trump's comments from that event. Today we reaffirm this important bond and we take the, our relationship closer, stronger, and more powerful than ever before. The biggest and most destructive of these forces is the regime in Iran, which has caused unthinkable suffering in Syria, Lebanon, and Gaza, Iraq, Yemen, and beyond.


But they cannot have a nuclear weapon. So Trump signed a $600 billion economic pledge with Saudi Arabia. This is the first stop on his four day trip to the region. Today will be day two. Now the trip is focused on investment with several deals and agreements expected to be announced over the course of this trip. He also added that Iran will, well you heard it in the audio. Iran will never have a nuclear rep weapon. The President also made an announcement lifting sanctions on Syria. Let's take a listen to that. I will be ordering the cessation of sanctions against Syria in order to give them a chance at great news. Yeah. So Trump. So the White House says, Trump met with Syrian leader Ahma Al Sharah in Riyadh, and was joined by Saudi Crown Prince Mohamed bin Salala with Turkey's president joining by phone.


Now the White House statement says that Trump thanked those two leaders for their friendship and told Al Sharah that he has a tremendous opportunity to do something historic for his country. Now Trump also added, his administration is also opening communication channels with the new regime that ousted the former dictator, Bashar al Sahad. And reports that the president will speak. Well, he did speak with the leader of Syria. Again, also warned again that Iran needs to talk to the US about AP Steel moving on. They, they Rode, they, they rode the red carpet out of Trump yesterday too. You saw the, they did. You saw the custom mobile McDonald's. Yeah, I did see that. They had for, Yep, I seen that. And I, I had a question.


You know, we talked about it yesterday, but they said that that jet, that they were gifting him, is that a gift for him personally or is that a gift for, is that the new Air Force one? I was just confused Man, knock it off. He gets it. He gets it. He gets it when he gets outta office. That's His, that's his, I didn't know, that's what I was asking. Oh, okay. I didn't try to spin it. Yeah, the administration did, did say that he was gonna use it as Air Force one under his administration. But after, to Charlemagne's point, after he's gonna get it and they said they're gonna put it on display at his presidential museum or presidential library center. So yeah. Oh, so he keeps there. Okay. Yeah, he, he keeps it. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. Now he will head to Turkey later this week for peace talks.


To begin Peace talks with Ukraine and Russia. Now the direct talks between Russia and Ukraine will not be the first, or will be the first since early weeks of the war. Let's take a listen to President Trump talking about that. Talks are being held in Turkey later this week, probably on Thursday. And they could produce some pretty good results. Or are people are gonna be going there. Marcos gonna be going there. So Ukrainian President Zelensky said he will be available to meet with Russian President Putin, but Putin has not yet said if he was going to travel to Turkey. So we will continue to keep you posted on all of these international stories as they seem to impact The World.


And of course, and how they will impact us here on the home front at 7:00 AM will get into that cutter and that jet and all that stuff too. 'cause Rand Paul had something to say and he's the GOP, he's along party lines with Trump and he doesn't like the fact that Trump is gonna be accepting this gift. So we'll get into that at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Stef Arm, McLeod outta Long Island, New York. Stef Arm. What's up? Get it off your chest. Yo. Hey, good morning. Good morning dj. Andy. Good morning, char. Peace. Peace. Good morning. Good morning. Hey, I just wanted to say after going up to York next again, going up three three to one against the defendant champions the Boston Celtics. I think that Jalen Brunson should be mayor for New York. I don't think he got time, but I'm with you. But you know what, as a Nick fan, as a diehard, longtime Nick fan, you know what, I'm just quiet right now, Stefan, I'm just quiet. Yes, because sometimes when we talk too much we, we, we fake ourself out of it. So let's just be quiet. Everything is falling into place.


Cleveland just lost. We, I think we got a better chance of beating the paces. We all right now. Well You can't, you can't say that though. Hey, I got you. I got you. But I don't care what nobody say Nicks and five is lit. It's lit in the city. Got no Achilles. He Diddy locked up in the city. Dixon Five. Yes. You got, you said five. God damn. He said, see nowadays when everybody say Diddy, they just think he said Diddy, he five up in the city, man. Five Nixon. Five. Now he's saying Nix. But listen, don't sleep on anybody because I'm not sleeping on them. The Cav was the number one seat. I Know, but I And what Pace is what number six? Yeah, But we ain't beat the Cavs all season.


Hey, hey listen. Records don't matter in the NBA. Not in the playoffs. Not in the playoffs. Not in the playoffs. All right brother Playoffs, Jalen Brunson. I think he the most cut player in the NBA. You know, going into the fourth quarter when the Knick is down fire, they got to leave. You know, it's a win. Alright, well have a good one Brother. Here go New York. Putting the cart before the horse again. Nah, that's what I said. Everybody just relax. Be A little quiet. We gonna be calm just for a little bit. Hello? Who's This? This is, this is me from nap Name from Nap. What's up? Get it off your chest. What's going on man? How you doing LA Peace brother. How are you? I'm alright. How you doing Jess? Good Morning. That's good. That's good. Hey, I'm letting you know, I know you like truck drivers. I'm a truck driver. Big dog. And I don't like truck drivers. I say salute today.


They Got me sound crazy. Just salute to All the truck drivers, brother. You like truck? All Right, well I'm gonna give you a little example how Truck like that blows for him. Yo, Shut up man. Oh Whatever. Hey, you said that you think y'all got a better chance on beating us The Pacers beating The Pacers over Over the Cavaliers? I think so. I think the Cavaliers was, was a, a great squad all, all Season. Yeah, but the Cals was the number one seed. The pace was number Four. But that's what I'm saying. That's why I feel like we got a better chance of beating the Pacers than the calves and the Cals beat. Yeah, but the paces just showed you. That's not accurate because they just, okay well seed Well, well Emini here. The calves had mess game. I think we feared better with the Pacers than the calves.


I don't Know. Well every, You gotta look at it like this. I gotta look. We beat the best big man in the game. We beat the best team in the league. Come on man. Give us some credit. I know y'all from New York and everything in New York is supposed to be bigger and better than everything else in the United States. That's actually Texas. But we got this this year. Nah, Emini here. I'm a New York fan And I'd rather, I'd rather play against the Pacers in the Cavaliers. I ain't taking nothing from the Pacers. Y'all get busy. But I'd rather play Y Emini here. Y'all took us out last year. So by the way, it's the playoffs. You never know. The s Right. Tics the Celtics said to themselves, I'd rather play the Knicks because we beat them four times this year. That's right. And, and we see what happens. Well thank you brother. Well Hey man, y'all stay blessed. Thank you. And hey enjoy y out the rest of the week. Y'all have a good time. Thank you.


You too. Be safe on them rolls brother. Alright thanks man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, SHA Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right here. Tell you what it is. Who's, Hey, what's up Emmy? What's up Trav? It's Ram. Hey. Hey Jess. What's up baby? Hey boo. Charlemagne. What's up Trav? Chilling. How you doing sis?


I'm calling this morning so I Just say you know a happy belated Mother's Day to all my girls, Jess. Yes. You know, happy related Mother's Day to you my girl. Thank you Boo. Charlemagne you, you mother to the girls. So Happy Mother's Day to you too baby. Well thank you Emini. Here listen, I think you should tell men Happy Mother's Day 'cause we make women mothers a clown. No you didn't. But do you say Happy Mothers Day to Mothers on Father's Day? Yeah, you should, but Listen. No, But they make us fathers. I do wanna say a special Happy Mother's Day to someone. I don't think I've ever mentioned this, but I was one of the first ones she told. But Happy Mother's Day to my friend and my little bestie. Taylor Hayes is her first Mother's Day.


Aw. So I'm so excited for her. I'm gonna be a gun. Y'all And I I'll be a little Gay uncle. A gay uncle. Yeah, that's right. Me and Charlamagne gun uncles, y'all. Hey, Hey. Back in the nineties they wouldn't let the gun around the kids. You're an idiot. I don what you talking about? My my gay uncle was around me. I don you ain't been the same since. Thank God. Oh God. But no, But seriously, But I do wanna say Happy Mother's Day too. My beautiful friend Taylor is her first one and yeah, I'm I'm so happy for her. Yes Sir. We happy for Taylor too.


Yeah. Have a good one brother. Happy Fat Taylor baby. Be happy Fat Taylor. She already stressing her poor baby daddy out. That's all right. He deserves, he deserves it. You gotta hold that baby for, for a time. Time. Poor P is crazy. He be all right. Damn Luther poor P man. We praying for P Man. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. James from nc. What up? Get it off your chest brother. Yeah, man. Have, have y'all seen that plane or that giving being given to Trump by the Saudis? Yeah, We haven't seen it, but we heard about it. I've Seen pictures of the inside. Man that thing is like a flying mansion.


It it Emini here. It's nicer than most people's homes. Yeah, it's 400 something million Emini here. Air Force one is the same thing. But yeah, I get what you're saying. Just, yeah. Nah man, this thing has an upstairs nine working showers or Emini here, nine working bathrooms with some of 'em having showers in them. You ain't never, you seen the inside Air Force one Air Force one the same thing. Emini here. I'm sure, I'm sure. Do You this I've seen the inside the Air Force one, this thing is like Charlemagne. I'm telling you man, I believe you. I y'all see it too? No later. Well we shouldn't see it at all. You know, because accepting gifts from foreign nations is, is is unconstitutional wild.


You know, as Nikki Haley said yesterday, it's just never a good practice. And you know, and this is Nikki Haley who's a Republican. She said if, if this were Biden we'd be furious. Yeah, yeah. She, she right about that man. And I, I, some people are concerned that it plane's gonna be bugged with like wires and whatnot. So they, They got debugged that plane. I said that earlier this week, 1,000,001 times. I Said, but we, you don't know that I said that earlier this week. This is the same group that, that that funds terrorist organizations like that plane could be bugged. That plane could be a bomb fall. We know how, we know they can't just make that plane fall out the sky when they want to. Yeah. Y'all have a good day man. Yes, you Too James sir, get it off your chest. He got That plane. Remember on barbershop when Ice Cube had Oprah's guest house on his wall?


This dude got that plane on his wall. It sound Like he said he got a, he got a shower in. He telling you man. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren. We do. So Cassie took the stand for the first day yesterday. Y'all know she's a prosecution star witness. A lot of people feel like she didn't get the job done, but I actually think the prosecution took a win yesterday with her on the stand and we're gonna talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. You were in court yesterday. Now what's the outfit today for court? Oh this is Milano d Rouge And I don't even know what the bottom, I think it's Mika's. I have the same thing. Yeah, they're like, it's like an Instagram brand. Micas. Okay. Comfy. They're Really nice though. Yes. And they're shaped really well. Right. But it's so comfortable add today I had to get a little comfortable. Okay. Which still look professional. Thank you. Lauren LaRosa is in court all week long at the Diddy case and we'll talk to her next.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's djj, NV Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Some, She gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. So it's week two of Diddy's trial here in New York. And day two kicked off with Cassie, who was the star witness for the prosecutors taking the stand.


Now a lot of people feel like Cassie dropped the ball yesterday with her testimony. But I do not agree whatsoever. Cassie got on the stand and she detailed everything from the, you know, the first day that they met to the times that they spent together, her 21st birthday where they received, she, that was her first time kissing and she admitted that she didn't want to kiss him. That she felt, you know, just very, she felt she didn't know how to feel, she felt confused. She was young, she was crying. She set the scene early for the power dynamic of, you know, this big mogul who was supposed to be helping me in music who had such a big life that she just uncontrollably fell in love with and things got bigger than her. That was, And it was 17 year age difference. Correct? Yes. And that was the narrative. And, and they were together for those who don't know for 10, 11 years now after she details a lot of the background, she starts going into the things that a lot of us wanted to know about.


So they, they talk to her about the Freak Offs and, and what she says about the Freak Offs is that Diddy allegedly was in control. She says that, you know, he would, it was very well choreographed. Like it was almost, when she was describing it, I was like, it sounds like he was shooting a music video, but Executive producing. No, for real, for real. She says that, you know, there were certain supplies that they would have, right? So they would do like candles as the lighting and it would always be like Glade or there was another brand that she mentioned because she, he wanted it to smell a certain way. And then she says candles then, then she says that they would get extra linens be, and we've heard this story, but she said that, 'cause we heard before that there were extra linens because Is dookie on the sheets. So what she said was, she was actually shut up man.


She was actually made to have Freak Offs during her period. And so there would be blood on a lot of the sheets. And she said she didn't, of course didn't wanna do that. But she was being made to do that allegedly. And she also alleged that there'd be urine on the sheets. And we've heard testimony about the urine and why that those things happened allegedly. And baby oil, she said that every, they would oil up so much. That was like a big thing for Puff, allegedly. Like you had to be oiled that every five minutes they were like just reiling because He want you to look like a shiny suit. Yeah, Because Glistens And I guess it's the, the sexiness of baby oil on the, you want You to glisten like them shiny suits you used to wear in the nineties. This is so Sad. I guess so.


And then when we were speak talking about the urin out, you know, she, she talked about that in one of the free calls because they had asked her, you know, we opened up our, our testimony or our opening a statement, the prosecutors talking about, you know, you alleging that there was a male escort that was made to pee, or I'm sorry, urinate on that made to urinate On you. You can say pee, same Thing urinate on you. Can you detail that? So she starts to detail that and she says it at one point she was choking obvious reasons and they ask, well why didn't you just ask them to stop? And when I say them, she updated us and let us who the Attorney, Riley Freeman. He says, why, why wouldn't you, why wouldn't you just move out the way? That's what he asked her for. Basically they just asked like, you know, at this, 'cause it didn't sound like she was being held against her will at that point, like physically.


So they're like, well why would you just, 'cause she said she laid down with her hands up a lot of times when that, when that was happening because she didn't like it and it was a lot going on. And she said that not only would the escorts do it, allegedly Puff would join in as well. And she said when it would get to a point where it was too much for her, sometimes he would tell the escorts. Puff would tell the escorts allegedly like, yo, alright, let's stop, let's chill. So they asked her like, why wouldn't you just tell them to stop yourself? And she said, Emini here, I'm laying on the floor and allegedly intoxicated by all these things and it's two men standing over me. What am I gonna do? Water. So I board with pee. Yeah. And so the, and the Reason they ask that question is 'cause they know the defense is gonna ask that question. So they try to, to make sure that they ask questions that the defense asked to, you know, make it more comfortable. Yeah. But she broke the Freak off down in steps as well.


She said that the first step was there was like masturbation and they would have to do masturbation. It would be her and an escort. And she would have to talk out loud and describe what she was seeing. She would've to be very descriptive because, because allegedly Puff would wanna hear that she said and he was blind. He would be blindfolded, right? No, not all the time. Because once they got more comfortable with the escorts, from what it seems like she's describing, the blindfolds would come off and all that stuff. You Got mad notes, Lauren? I need to see those. Yeah. And they're highlighted. I had to organize 'em better because I felt like yesterday I had a lot of information that I didn't get. So I organized them better highlights. I made notes in the back of important points to get to in here. You can read these notes. Lauren is in the courtroom. He's the Actual courtroom.


That was a new notebook at the Ginning. Yeah, it's just almost done. I bought the second one yesterday. Yeah, that's crazy. So yeah. So that, that first step was the descriptive foreplay. And then step two is the touching. Now step two she alleges is that's when all the baby oil comes out. Step three is oral. And she says that a lot of times she would rush to get to the oral because she just wanted to get it over with because she kept making a point of she didn't want to do this. She just was doing it 'cause she was so in love and she said she didn't want him to go and do it with anybody else. Now step four was the actual intercourse where they would engage in, you know, sex. And she said that sometimes puff would just watch allegedly. But then she said other times he might join in if he were, if they were really comfortable with an escort. I can't, No, you can't say that part.


That Looked like her giving cuff Fellatio. Fio. Yes. And sorry. And the, the other escort having sex with her at the same time. Now she did give us a update. I didn't know if I needed, she said that a lot of times after they would finish the escorts would ejaculate have a happy ending and puff would make her take that happy ending and rub it on his nipples. And then they would engage in whatever they were gonna do. Just Cassie and Puff alleging. So his man milk on puff's nipples. That's what Cassie's alleging that she, that that puff liked her to rub it on his chest and on his nipples. Jesus. And then, Oh, so chocolate covered nipples with a semen drizzle. Yo Glaze. Shut up man. Glaze. We have to say glaze. Oh yeah.


Did he likes his nipples medium well with a semen glaze. Yeah. She said that anytime that she was having intercourse during the free calls by herself and, and Puff would just be allegedly listening or watching. He would then ask her about it after. And very, he'd be very descriptive. Like he would ask her, how did the D feel? Did she rub the semen in the nipples like a dj? Scratches a record or did she rub in like motion? Keep Going, keep going. She Keep going. And really specify Why you answering him Going back. Right head clown. Look, you said that she said she didn't want him to do it with anybody else. Is that because she didn't want anybody to endure any like the,


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


I found out there was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I am talking to a felon right now And I cannot decide if I like him or not. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take real phone calls from anonymous strangers all over The World as a fake gecko therapist and try to dig into their brains and learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's pretty interesting if you give it a shot. Matter of fact, here's a few more examples of the kinds of calls we get on this show. I live with my boyfriend And I found his piss jar in our apartment. I collect my roommate's toenails and fingernails. I have very overbearing parents, even at the age of 29. They don't let me move out of their house. So if you want an excuse to get out of your own head and see what's going on in someone else's head, search for therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. It's the one with the green guy on it.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay shey.me/talk to get your tickets.


The Chilling podcast, forgive me for I have followed delves into the hidden truths behind seven M Films, the Shekinah Church and the Hold they had Over members Join hosts, Jessica Acevedo, the executive producer of Netflix's explosive docuseries, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult and Khalia Gray of seven M films. In the final episode, former member Melanie Lee talks about escaping the church and the hold of its leader Robert Shin. That was the beginning of my closure. He's a scam artist. Don't miss the powerful season finale featuring part two of the Melanie Lee interview, which offers new perspectives on her time in the cult and a deeper understanding of her journey of recovery. All episodes out now


It's like life and death. Yeah, yeah. And you don't know any better. You don't know you have that freedom because you've never had that freedom. Listen to, forgive me for I have followed as part of the My Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Things that she was doing or the way that she put put it, his girlfriend. Like what was happening? Yes. The way that she put it, she said it on stand. I was a very jealous girlfriend when it came to him and other women. And she said, you know, this is this powerful rich man who she was so in love with. She felt vulnerable because he had shared this secret of these vos and Freak Offs that he liked to do. She didn't want another woman coming in and sweeping up in her place. And a lot of times she alleges and we saw actual text messages they brought up where she tried to tell him she didn't wanna do a Freak off.


And he was like, oh, okay. You're boring, you're predictable. I'm sorry. He said you're predictable. But it was giving the effect of I don't want him to think I'm boring. I don't want him to think that I'm not down, so I'm gonna just do it So he don't do it with somebody else. Yes, go Ahead. Did did, did he like, did he let the semen cool off or does he like his semens warm or room temperature? What else did he have? I don't know the answer to that, that, but I will say, she mention that he sometimes like the oil to be warm and they would do, they would pour wax on each other from the candles sometimes. You know, allegedly, The first day you were in court, you said, you know the, you know everybody in the court and the, and the, the judges and the attorneys. Not the judge, the attorneys that were outside watching. And the press believed day one went to Diddy. So day two, what did they say? And day two went to prosecution or Diddy as well.


People Believe that it went to Diddy. But I would argue different. I would argue that day two went to the prosecution because even if you didn't feel like they gave you all the evidence they needed, which she gave a lot, she said that they hired these escorts. She said that they engaged in, you know, these sexual things with these escorts. She said, she said did Got semen recipes. She, she said a lot yesterday that sets them up for the landing. They just haven't landed the plane yet. And I think that if anything, you walked away believing that this woman could have been taken advantage it Day Two y'all. But they also said people were leaving during that. They then people were snapping and sleeping. It was that people Felt like they were, the prosecution was taking too long to get to the gut punch. That's how people felt because they spent so much time on their history on why she didn't do this.


They kept asking her a lot of the same questions about the drugs they were taking and, but what I think that the prosecution was building is they were building character around this witness. So you have this pregnant woman that you're looking at and she was, y'all, she barely cried. Right? I'm wrapping up right now. Isn't she taking A stand Today? She's taking a stand again today. Yeah. I didn't realize It's eight weeks. I'm just Asking, telling day too. I'm just asking. 'cause she's there. And what would've, and We already at semen on the nipples, we're Gonna bring this Back in. Yeah. The semen on the nipples. What was the family's reaction? What was her husband's reaction? What was the courtroom's reaction when they said he liked a semen on the nipples? Let's talk about it When we can. Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna bring it back in the next hour. 'cause there's, there's a lot more. Well wrapping up the Freak cross and then we're gonna go into she, she watched, we watched the video with Cassie o in court yesterday. So that was another thing. What video did you watch? The video of the, of the beating in the hotel.


Oh. Oh. Those videos may not get played, but we'll talk about that. Alright. All right. When we come back, we got front page news and Snoop will be joining us and we'll get back to Diddy and the nipples and all that and a little bit, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now. Last night, NBA playoffs, the Thunder beat, the Nuggets. 1 12 1 0 5 Pacers beat the Cavaliers. 1 14 1 0 5. Morning Morgan. Well good morning. Good morning. Can you hear me? Yes. Alright. Alright y'all, let's get back into it. So Democrats aren't the only ones raising concerns about this cutter jet.


So Cutter is offering a $400 million jet to President Trump, GOP, Senator Rand Paul, he is along the lines of President Trump. He's from Kentucky. He says Trump has no business accepting a gift of this magnitude. Let's take a listen to his comments. The Constitution in Article two talks about the president can't take ENTs or gifts from foreign leaders. And so there is a provision in the Constitution says, you can't do this. I think it's not worth the appearance of impropriety. Whether it's improper or not, I don't think it's worth it. Speaking from the White House on Monday, Trump said, turning down a free jumbo jet would be quote stupid. Now Trump will fly to Cutter for a state visit today.


And the Arab nation is at the center of this controversy over this offer to give Trump this slavish jet. They're also expected to announce hundreds of billions of dollars in US investments. So Trump is like, I'll take the plane if y'all go ahead and invest in that. But, but, but, but it's, but it's, it's, it's unconstitutional. You cannot take the plane. The US Constitution prohibits government officials from accepting gifts from any king, prince or foreign state. Full stop. So, you know, we, we gotta not wrong. Yeah. We gotta stop having this conversation. Like, you know, maybe he can, maybe he can't. No, it's actually just un unlawful to do. Like he's not supposed to do it. It's unconstitutional. Who's been, he hasn't done anything by the book. You think this is gonna change it? Nothing for sure. I was just about to say, who gonna check him?


Boo. The American people should check him. The people, the elected officials should check him because they're, at the end of the day that con every that president is beholden to the constitution of the United States of America. If we're in a post constitutional society, I can't even begin to tell you how screwed we are. Yeah. But We seen a lot of the things that he did. So if he, if he didn't follow the Constitution to follow the laws before, what, what thinks we gonna he gonna do it Now, once again, if we're in a post constitutional society, I can't wait to tell y'all how screwed we are. Are we screwed? Okay. Are you ready to be a slave? Because you know, if we, if we, if we Just say up the constitution, Emini here. You ready? You ready to be considered? Not the Constitution. I'm ready to be considered three fourths of a human against. Nope. No. Well I never was. But no, 'cause you said a gun.


But no, I'm not ready. I'm not ready for none of this. And, and Rand Paul, you know what's so funny? When I gave Donkey the day Monday, it was Republicans who I saw talking, speaking out against this way before Democrats. Laura Luer, the Nicki Haley's, the Rand Pauls like, they, they, no, this is against the US Constitution. It's it is, it's not lawful. It prohibits government officials from accepting gifts. It's so plain. So look, can he, the fact that Republicans actually said that it was wrong, could he fire them? Like could he Can Fire them? Elected officials. Elected officials? I'm sure, I'm sure he's not Happy. It's not that simple. I'm Sure he's not happy with them speaking out against him though. Absolutely. And hopefully they clock is clocked that tea.


Switching gears to immigration. A federal judge in Pennsylvania is now ruling that President Trump can in fact use the Alien Enemies Act to deport alleged members of foreign terrorist organizations. This would allow the government to remove members of MS 13 or the Venezuelan gang Trenda, which the administration has designated as a terrorist group. Now, despite this, the judge has said authorities must give immigrants at least 21 days notice before their deported, which is also been a long-term argument in regarding to, regarding this administration and how they've been operating with deportations. 21 days is a lot for them. The, the ruling conflicts with findings by several other judges who have also ruled that the President does not have the power to use the Alien Enemies Act to remove gang members.


So again, to your point, Charlamagne more stuff that's gonna be stuck in the courts trying to figure out what's right, what's, well, you know, what's right and what's wrong, but it's a matter of clocking at tea and making sure that those who are operating in, in, in the wrong status are held accountable for that. Yeah. And nearly two dozen Democratic states attorneys generals are suing President Trump over attempts to link some federal grants to immigration enforcement. This includes California Attorney General Rob Bonta, who says the lawsuits seek to stop the Trump administration from withholding transportation, Homeland Security, and Emergency Preparedness grants unless states enforce federal immigration laws.


Let's take a listen to Attorney General Rob Banta from California. We're suing President Trump for unlawfully imposing immigration enforcement requirements on billions of dollars in annual US Department of Transportation and US Department of Homeland Security Grants. Let's be clear, the president doesn't have the authority to coerce state and local governments into using their resources for immigration enforcement. This is a blatantly illegal attempt to bully states into enacting Trump's inhumane and illogical immigration agenda. So the loose, the two lawsuits were filed in a Rhode Island federal court on Tuesday that looked to block the Trump administration's efforts to force the states to cooperate with immigration enforcement on a federal level and or not receive federal funds.


Now the grants are for things like disaster relief, cybersecurity, and transportation. Now, Bonta says sometimes these lawsuits take time, but in many of the lawsuits filed against the president in the last 16 weeks, success has come quickly. Now this group of 20 states that joined the lawsuit also includes New Mexico, Minnesota, and of course you guys New York where Leticia James is the ag. So these are things that I'm gonna continue to keep you guys posted on. And that's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all very much. Thank you Morgan. Thanks Morgan. All right. Now when we come back, Snoop Dogg will be joining us.


That's right. Uncle Snoop will be here. His new album isn't a crime. It is out tomorrow we're gonna kick it with Snoop. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Snoop. No. Yay. What's up Snoop? What's up with y'all the icon Living man. How you feel? My working hard and hardly Working. Happy to be back in the Big Apple Now with this album here, Snoop, is it a crime? Is it a crime? Yeah, I feel like listening to this album, like I don't know why but I feel like you have something to prove. Like you wanna prove to people that you can, you can rap and you get busy like, you know, listening to this album last night, I'm like, this ain't no just fun Snoop album.


This is, I wanna show you guys I can spit, I can rap too. You know, I'm a rapper so we competitive. So when you not hearing or seeing then you get to, you know, feeling like maybe I need to try it one more time or get back into what I do. I'm a mc And I love to rap. I love to make music and people love my voice and they love when I make great records. And when I don't make re great records, people let me know that as well. So it, I hear all of that and it makes me say to myself, I should treat myself like a musician and not like a rapper. Mm. Because if you a musician, you can make music until you die. But when you're a rapper they try to put a cap on you. So I'm in the musician mind state of, you know, whatever feels good to you must be good for you. And when I make music sometimes it's good for you.


What, what, what was missionary to you? Missionary was Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg getting together for the first time in 20 some years, allowing Dr. Dre to produce Snoop Dogg for the first time. And what Emini here by produce Emini here by producing like say for instance I was an RB singer and they'll present an RB singer a song and say I need you to sing this song exactly like that. That's what missionary was. Songs being presented, spirits of Dr. Dre driving and leading and producing Snoop Dogg for what he thought was best for him at the time. The first records that we did together, he was a producer, I was the rapper. I would rap, spit motion, feel he would take that and create it and make it into what it was.


This was the first time that I was not writing my own material, allowing them to take the lead because I believe in Dr. Dre and when he drives I sit in the passenger seat and that was a project that he drove. So I got back into my seat and let him drive. Do you think y'all, y'all created an impossible, an impossible bar for yourselves with the chronic, with doggy style with 2001? Absolutely. I don't think it's an impossible bar. I just think it's the times. You gotta understand when those records came out, rap wasn't popular. So we wasn't fighting against 400 rappers that was coming out with our album every day. Mm. And the sound that we had was original and it was unique and it wasn't no mimicking or duplicate. So you had a chance to understand what real music sounded like.


There's a cloud right now where it's a lot of music that sounds alike, A lot of artists that sound alike. When I came up it wasn't two rappers that sounded alike. I can name five that sound alike right now and you can too. Absolutely. It's not a bad thing, it's just you was able to clearly see and hear what was great. Right Now you have to fight through so much to find out what's great. So to me missionary is great when you catch up to it. If you don't catch up to it then it ain't meant for you. People forget how much respect that you have for for BIG. Right. What? Listen to this album And I see you taking clips and bits of hair and it makes me realize like, damn Snoop really respected that man's craft and and really loved him as an artist. But If you knew when he was alive he respected my craft.


I'm sitting in the crib dream man about Lynn Jetson cos so Susan how to sell records like Snoop. Oops. Yep, yep. So it's, it's mutual. Like there's now, there's nothing wrong with showing love but back then it was frowned upon if I said I got love for him and he got love for me. But we didn't care. We both went on a limb and and allowed people to know that I got love for this man. And I have no problem with saying that standing on that it is who I am and I'm glad that I was able to do that. So it's documented, it's testimony. It is what it is. You can't fix that and you can't change that. Me And OG Snoop would sexy. Right. I knew you was gonna go to that record. Yes. I just knew you was gonna go to that particular record.


Jesse, You Get everything go all the way to Song 15. Right, because I knew you talking about this old man I want look, I want record is called me and og. Damn. But I love it though. I love it, I love it. But I, you know that's I, I wanna know how did that come about? Like the, how was the vibe in the studio with Sexy? Now look, sexy Red is the homegirl. I love her to death. Yeah. Now how we got together was she was coming to LA and needed a studio and my studio is close proximity to LAX offered her to use the studio When she come over, you know, my family, we don't do nothing but hospitably make you feel at home. We smells good, we got blankets, food, we got game room.


So we just giving her the blue carpet treatment and she just loving every minute of it. So I'm like, red, let's go in the studio. We in the studio and we just talking and she asking me questions about my career. Like you know Unc, you tight, how you be doing this and that. We get past that. I'm like, what's up with a record? She like, you want to do one? I'm like, hell yeah. But on the track she ain't feeling it. I'm like damn. So I gotta call all my homies and make the kind of music that she like. So one of the homies sent some beats. She listening when she hear the beat she like, she grab her phone and she kicked them first bars off and then she say it. I'm like oh she really get damn. She go in the booth, she spit it, I spit mines we to it and we vibing And then she come back to the studio like a week straight and we just bonding like uncle and niece.


It's just a relationship that we build in it. So it was one of those things where it was a moment that we captured just because I was being hospitable. The letter used to studio and then the record came about. 'cause we just naturally connected with each other. My spirit is open. I've always been like that. I don't frown upon the new MCs, the new girls I like, I open up to everybody. If I don't like your thing, you'll never know it publicly On West Up. You say why should I retire? Why the should I retire homie? It's our time y'all West up. Do you feel like the West Coast is having some type of renaissance right now, Don't you? Yes. Yeah. Emini here. I feel like to me the West ain't never left. But I've always been a person that the, are you kidding me? There's never been as many West coast records on radio at Time and, and trust me I am. It's not A lot now it's just Kendrick.


No, but it's, that's just the point when Dre, Snoop, Tupac, all of us was in our heyday. It wasn't spinning like that because it still was some hesitation on we ain't damn them s ain't here, we ain't playing it. Like y'all know the rule when they leave, turn that off Now. Now It's like it stays on. So I'm like I can't believe they actually really planned this is what, what I really love about New York radio when y'all started opening up to the south, I don't really care about us 'cause we was gonna make ours. But when y'all opened up to the south, that made me know that the hip hop game was expanding because y'all used to on them bad. Bad. And we, they cousins. So we used to feel it the second half of it. So when y'all allowed them to come in and get they expression off, that's when I was like, it's some great things happening in New York because it gives the game a chance to expand and not be trapped.


Now look at what hip hop is now. It's low. So Even at the peak in the nineties, right? I don't even wanna call it the peak 'cause y'all was, y'all been going for a long time. But when you know it was the, the chronics in the doggy styles and Pac was out. This right moment right now feels was not like this bigger than That. No. Oh, because we had a bunch of us right now it's like K Dot was standing up top at that time. We was all on the mountaintop. Like you got Cube Fody Show Dog Pound. This just was just a west coast. Every heavyweight right now Hendrick is the heavyweight. So it's like that's why I'm coming back so I can get his back to let him know that the OG stand with him and got his back.


You understand what I'm saying? That's what we do as musicians. We put our flags down and we let people know that we do make great music representing our coast, but it's not a coastal thing. 'cause we make music for everybody. Did y'all ever talk after he dropped whacked out murals. For what? Emini here. Just to have a conversation. What there to talk about. That's my little homie. He spoke his mind. He said what? He said like, and like I said earlier, like as a older guy, sometimes we don't have radar on what we doing. Just so y'all can know the scenario of what happened. It was a repost from Gin and Juice. That who Kid sent Me. Damn Who Kid. But it had that song in it. I don't even know what the fuck the song was. I just reposted on my, 'cause it's my brand. Then when I get wind of it naturally I reach out to nephew, let him know my bad.


I didn't mean that. And naturally he responded to what? He responded. Well we, we family. Like you can't have a spat or a misunderstanding with your brother, your cousin. That's of course, that's how it's supposed to be. It ain't supposed to get no bigger than that. It's supposed to be understood what's understood. Don't need to be explained. See a big dog can get checked if it's by the right person. If he got the right intellect. There's nothing wrong with being properly put in place if you out of place. That's what's wrong with half of us, that we feel like the young generation can't tell us nothing. You used to be young too and you had a mind. And you had a spirit and sometimes the young generation can't teach the old dog a new trick if he willing to listen. We still Kicking it with Snoop now on the album. You talk about Nate Dogg and, and Nate Dogg's catalog.


So break that down and, and what are you doing with that if you, if you own it. I said I got Nate Dogg catalog in the pipeline. Yeah, Warren G told you could get what's mine? I got Nate Dogg catalog, Got pipeline. So basically what that is, it's more about lining up business for us to be able to own our thing. Nate Dogg's estate is with his family. Warren Jesus with his mines is with mine. It's just a line of ownership. You understand what I'm saying? Teaching ownership through lyrics because a lot of us make records, get our P chin up and then we sell it and then we think we did a good thing. You know that's, that song is called Sophisticated Cripping and and you do say Warren G said guess what? Get what's mine. What does Warren G mean to you? Warren G Probably the best friend that I got that only me and him understand each other.


Like the passion that Warren G has for me and had for me as a artist in the beginning, it's like Don King, like a promoter who promotes a fighter. Like believing in Snoop before anybody else and then seeing Snoop do what he does and still having that believability and watching our friendship grow into like grown men and fathers and losing people in our lives. You know, when he lost his mom, I didn't understand what I was there for him. Then when I lost my mom, I didn't understand he was there for me. There's been certain situations where we have become super close behind tragedy in, behind love. And then at the same time, you gotta look at this music industry.


This music industry is trifling. It's crazy. You think about how he brought me to death row, but death row didn't sign him. That's crazy. So there's a lot of animosity and frustration and anger in him off of that. Not at me, but at the situation in at home. And as a artist, if you pushing for me, you want for me to do this, but as a artist I'm feeling fucked up because they left my homeboy. So it's like these are things that we never had a chance to like fully get an understanding on because it's pain. It's like the pain I had to deal with when I went through whatever I went through. Sometimes as men we know how to express that, but as a friend we always there for each other.


So if I can make that as the point, our relationship was like that. Where it's more getting into life rather than music and fun. I saw something recently, he was doing an interview and he said he felt snubbed during the Super Bowl performance, but then he also said, I just wanted to be there while they was making missionary. He was like, I don't want no money or nothing like that. I just wanted to kick it with my people. Well you know how it is when you in the studio, but here's what I wanna say. His relationship with Dr. Dre is his relationship. His relationship with me is our relationship. When I'm working with Dr. Dre, I don't bring nobody with me. Mm. I bring myself. 'cause I'm not responsible for nobody but me. Now, if Dr. Dre wants people to come, that's his job to say, I need this person and that person.


I've always been that way when it, when it's time for me to do a job. I don't like bringing to the job, but I'm gonna be accountable for all I could be accountable for is me. So when I come to work, I show up by myself. When I work with Pharrell, by myself, Dr. Dre, by myself, certain mother, I don't bring that with me because I don't know what you going to do or how you going to act. So when I'm going to work, when you go to work, who you bring with you just my Brother Who you come to work with Myself, God. See what I'm saying? So it's like, imagine you gotta go. I'm finna go to work right now. Y'all come on. How much work you gonna really get done? Yeah. Yeah. And I wanted to ask, you know, as A og, you know back then dealing with the press and, and and public was easier, right?


It was magazines channel 11, news is gone. But now you got social media. So when you look at all the stuff that you do, you know, whether it's the football league that had got so many kids in the NFL and the give backs and, and all the things that we can go on and on and on. And then you hear people's opinions on when you did the crypto ball. Does that bother You? Nah, it's, I call it 30 for 30. Let me explain that to you. I DJ'ed at the crypto ball for what, 30 minutes. Made a whole bunch of money, made a lot of relationships to help out the inner city and the community and teach financial literacy in crypto in the space that it don't exist. That's 30 minutes, 30 years. Snoop Dogg been doing great things for the community building, showing up, standing up for the people, making it happen, being all I can be.


But which one is it? 30 for 30, 30 minutes or 30 years? Oh, is it a crime? Nope. I hated that man. I ain't gonna lie. I hated it. I came at you And I love how, I love how my people defended me, but I didn't give y'all no ammunition. Meaning that I never said nothing. Yeah. So it was kind of becoming like, damn man, y'all keep riding on dogging there And I ain't finna have that. Y'all can't, but damn he ain't saying nothing. So it was like, I can't fight for another man that ain't gonna fight for himself, so is it a crime? I'm fighting You. And then they kept taking the video saying, well he said this about Trump back then, but then he dj but he, it's not, you didn't endorse nobody, you just de you DJ the party. But those are bots and then there's entertainers who was getting behind it and trying to make something out of it.


Which to me is like most of those guys, they live off of the internet and live off of that energy. The things that I do, if even if I would've done it for him and hung out with him and took a picture with him, can't none of you mother fucker tell me what I can and can't do. But I'm not a politician. I don't represent the Republican party, I don't represent the Democratic party. I represent the mother gangster party, period. Point blank and G we don't explain. So that's why I didn't explain, that's why I didn't go into detail when mother fuckers trying to counsel me and say he a sellout. Even on my Instagram page, like after that I would post And I see motherfucker like, oh he a sellout. You know what I would do? Jump right in. They mother in with a video, you nigga who sat shut your Snoop Dogg You want do guess what they would do?


Oh man, I'm just a fan man. I didn't really, I'm sorry man, Snoop, I just, yeah, you got me up. I jump all off in your talk to you face to face. Don't hit me on. No, he'll sell out on Instagram or this and that 'cause I'm really engaging like that. Some people were saying that that was, that was Trump cashing in a favor because Harry yo got pardoned and you were instrumental in his Harry o getting pardoned and Emini here. I don't, I don't know if that's true but that's what well the internet rumor Was the internet loved sparking things, but Trump did get Harry out. That is a fact. That is a fact. And I performed at the crypto ball for David Sachs, who's been a friend of mine for 15 years, who was head of the crypto crime league situation that was put into that position.


So it was more or less a relationship that I had with Charlamagne. And Charlamagne was put into office by the president. But Charlamagne's been my friend for 15 years and me and Charlamagne been getting money together and we working this crypto thing that nobody know about. And then Charlemagne say, Hey dog, I got this crypto play that's gonna bring some money back to the hood. Cool. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm with you. You helping the hood out. Not knowing that the hood going to talk. Like what does that part work when I'm trying to help y'all, but y'all talking, that's why a lot of times when people make it, they don't come back. Dang. For that reason. It's the truth. I love it. You got so many business ventures, yo, like what made you say like, I want a hockey team, I wanna own a hockey team.


It's different, Jess, you gotta think out of the box. They ain't gonna let us own no football team, want no basketball team. So I gotta go in an area where I could possibly actually own a lot of it. You know, the people that own teams in those worlds that I just said, they don't own 50% of them. Hmm. They own pieces. Little small increments. I'm trying to get 60, 70%. Yeah. So that way it's really a ownership. You know what I'm saying? That's, And I looked at that sport as wow, that's a great sport that nobody's paying attention to. That has not been brought to that level. There's no star power there yet. I've always thought about businesses and, and places that haven't been affected yet. I don't wanna be in a lane where it's already working. We want to go somewhere where it ain't working so we can create a whole new avenue.


And that Merch hard too. Snoop. So let me tell you about it. So the album cover, right? Is it a crime? If you notice, you see my wife in the front, right? So for my whole career she had my back and this is the first time I put her on the front. Ooh. She don't Cover this album cover so everybody can know that she got my back, she with me, she's standing by my side. There you go. And now she get the sign and look at it. She gang banging. I love it. How much she Charge you. Yeah, I was gonna say that. How much she charging? Oh, half. That's why she got her half. I love it. You know what I'm Saying? Now also on the album that comes out tomorrow, you say one of your biggest regrets was not squashing things with Pac. Yeah. That still sits with you to this Day. It do, it do because he was really my friend and sometimes mother be talking like they don't really know.


But that was my friend and he was like dear to me. And anytime you got a relationship with somebody and it's like, it's working, it's going good, then y'all get a argument and die. Like, come on man. I, I didn't even get a chance whether I was wrong or right just to be able to get that follow up. But the beautiful part was his mother was still here And I got a chance to hug her and talk to her and get the approval from her, which was his spirit because he was always connected to her. So that gave me half clarity on where I was with him because his mother always had love. Was was the record my friend.


Was that hard To write? Oh my god. Danon Porter sent me that record and when he said it to me, he was crying on the track. You could hear him crying like before he do his hook, certain pieces. And it took me like six days to even write my first couple of lines. And then when I wrote him, I went in the booth And I was like, my spirit was like sad. I was like, I can't be crying singing this song. So then I got my spirit right, put the lyrics down and then I sent it to Danon and he tells me, And I didn't tell you, but I lost my brother too after you. And I was like, damn. It just was like the spirit of both of us losing, losing our brothers, me writing this lyrics to this song.


And then it was the point of listening to the song. I swear to God, man, I cried like the first 20 times I heard this song. I just, I just got past the point now where I could listen to it and watch it without crying. But if the wrong people in the room, I'm gonna cry. You Think you'd be able to perform it? No way. Hey, it's, it's, it's that deep. And I never thought I would make a song like that that would make me cry. You crying off your own song. I'm open like that. You pause so you know you That you ain't gonna hit me. Pause. When, when you lost people like that, that close to you, do you ever feel alone?


Like you, because you snoop, right? You walk in the room, you a icon, people idolize you. But when you in a room full of people, do you, do you still feel alone? 'cause you don't have those people that, that that was that close to you. You know what music sparks that? Certain songs. Like if these three words come on, I'm gone, I'm gone. These Three words because it's, yeah, when the last time that they heard him say your mother and your brother, it's like, all right, why is you come on Stevie, you hurting me right now. Like that record right there when it comes on, I don't care where I'm at. I could be in a gang meeting, a real serious gang meeting and they be like, yeah, cool. We finna go on a mission and hey man, time out man to meet over.


It's one of Their records man. Has anybody ever tried to out smoke you? Yes. And then s died. Like, You know how many people? Yes. You know how many people that they tried to outs smoke me? It was this one girl that wanted to smoke with me and we had like a guitar like right over there. So she smoking with me all of a sudden she fall bam. And her wig is stuck in the guitar. No man. And like help her out. We like, no, leave her ass over there. You gonna smoke with her dog. Like I get challenged all the time and my thing is, you know, do your thing. You World up one good time When you, when you did that commercial or you know, you put, you put on your, your, your story, your Instagram that you was, you were a stop smoking win. Yeah. You thought I had cash. You just thought the worst.


Everybody was like, everybody was like, I'm not smoking no more. Snoop's quitting. I'm quitting. Like I see so many people say they were quitting Meek Mill was out there like, I'm quitting too. Everybody, everybody every but coy, Leray, Quin. Everybody quit. See that, that, you know the dog has a strong Absolutely You do. Right? They'll follow. Did they all give you the middle finger after like it That mad. But some of my businesses, like double Dutch told me they thought like my cannabis businesses, they was, they was in shock because that's what a lot of money I make. And they was like, listen, stop smoking. And I didn't tell him. So when they finally got the word, they was like, oh my God, we thought we was gonna lose the business. I'm like, nah, Smoke high. I as right now.


Does it take a lot? Are you Nah, Emini here. The weed I smoke get me there quick. You know what I'm saying? I smoke death row weed. It's available in stores everywhere. You know Fat Joe? I saw Fat Joe saying, 'cause he got the new pod with him and Jadakiss and he said Kendrick Lamar surpassed you in Tupac as the most dominant rappers of the West coast. What, What are your thoughts on that? He can't say that he not from the west coast. Hm. And that's no disrespect, that's just facts. That's like me coming out here saying that Jay-Z ain't the king or whoop, whoop, whoop. I don't know who run New York, this yours, but I do know when it come to the West coast everybody riding with Kendrick hands down and it's been that way. So he is the king. That is no doubt he is the king.


But as far as what Fat Joe said, you would have to ask the whole West coast and the West Coast would have to give you because you got certain people from the Bay who ride with the bay. We love what we love, but you can't say that if you not from that. Yeah. Saying surpasses, that's a strong, strong word. It really is Kendrick one than ones. Don't get me wrong. But you know, y'all have stood the test of time. Even, you know, the PAC is immortal. We talking about 30 Years Of being on top. Yeah. Not in the middle or down there. It ain't never been a time where I was down there. I've always been up there even when my records high. Absolutely. Do you think you've already fulfilled your purpose? Are, are you still searching for what God really puts you in? I know what I'm here for. I put a gospel album on April 27th from Spirit of my mother on death row records.


So I


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


I found out that I was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I'm talking to a felon right now And I cannot decide if I like him or Not. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take real phone calls from anonymous strangers all over The World as a fake gecko therapist and try to dig into their brains and learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's pretty interesting if you give it a shot. Matter of fact, here's a few more examples of the kinds of calls we get on this show. I Live with my boyfriend And I found his piss jar in our apartment. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. I have very overbearing parents, even at the age of 29. They won't let me move out of their house. So if you want an excuse to get out of your own head and see what's going on in someone else's head, search for therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. It's the one with the green guy on it.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty And I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/talk to get your tickets.


The Chilling podcast. Forgive me for I have followed delves into the hidden truths behind seven M Films, the Shekinah Church and the Hold they Had Over Members. Join hosts Jessica Veto, the executive producer of Netflix's explosive docuseries, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult and Khalia Gray of seven M Films. In the final episode, former member Melanie Lee talks about escaping the church and the hold of its leader Robert Shin. That was the beginning of my closure. He's a scam artist. Don't miss the powerful season finale. Featuring part two of the Melanie Lee interview, which offers new perspectives on her time in the cult and a deeper understanding of her journey of recovery. All episodes out now


It's like life and death. Yeah. Yeah. And you don't know any better. You don't know you have that freedom because you've never had that freedom. Listen to, forgive me for I have followed as part of the My Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Understand what I'm here for. I know I'm one of them chosen ones. I know what my spirit is here to do. Been through the fire so I can get to the light And I just know that I'm being used for a certain reason. I know I'm an angel. I know that they put this kind of pressure on the ones that can handle it the most. I know that what my purpose is, I know why so many people love me and magnate to me so I do the the right things and try to stay on the right side. You know, I do wrong every once in a while that's part of life.


But I try to do more. Right. And try to be an example of what you supposed to be. Is there a moment you wish you could relive? Not to change it but just to, to feel it more deeply? Falling in love with my wife for the first time. That was a beautiful moment right there man. I, that butterflies in my stomach and all kind of stuff like, like just that pure feeling of that. Going back to that. 'cause after you have so much success you forget about what regular stuff feel like. That was special man. Just thinking like man, I'm gonna get to do it to her. Jesus Christ. That's beautiful. Now y'all got a whole legacy.


That's what I'm saying. That's right. That moment led to a legacy. Yeah man. That's right. Do you post everything yourself, Snoop? Oh yeah. That's me All day long. That's me. I'm a machine 24 7. I'm a, that's how I stay active. Okay. They Didn't run and taught me Instagram. See that's what happened. A lot of those platforms, I don't really know how to work 'em. Mm. But Instagram, when they taught me that in my mind I said I don't have a network. I don't have a TV show. This finna be my whole mother network in my TV show. Mm. I'm gonna give you every piece of me that you wouldn't imagine. I'm gonna make you laugh, cry, put music on there. Just if I was a TV network, what the fuck would my TV network look like? It would look like my Instagram channel.


Unexpected. But it's some entertaining Said nah, I didn't forget yo, when you posted me with that little ass ponytail. Even when your page, I ain't forget that. I didn't, I didn't feel you. That ponytail had me Up there And I damn. I'm just like, I grew my head and everything by then my head had grown and all that. I have bad hair days too. It's okay. It's okay. Don't worry about it. Look long as you real enough to deal with it. That's what I'm the one that posted it first. But you waited till my head grew a little bit and then reminded what I had. That is crazy. Well let's get into a journal of the album. I want to hear, is it a crime? Charlemagne wants to hear You want my All And you know what, I love that. Everybody want to hear something different.


I got a hit. Let's Hear. That's right. Let's get into it now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. This album's out tomorrow. Snoop Snoop for joining us. Is it a crime? It's A new album. Always a pleasure talking to Snoop Dogg man. Absolutely. Now Snoop Dogg is a icon living. Yes. He's like a walking memorial As far as hip hop is concerned. Is he the biggest hip hop artist ever? Most recognizable. Most famous. Your most Famous I should say. Yeah. People Argue so welcome Memorial. Like I remember Charlamagne, you can't say that 'cause you said that about Usher and he was like, that's kind of like saying I'm dead. You cannot say that a walking memorial. I Just think we gotta, you know, recognize, you know our, our legends while they're here because you know, in 20 years, 50 years these people are gonna be like mythical figures.


That's how I be feeling. Like when I, when I hear stories about like Biggie and Pac and you hear about like Angie Martinez and Suede stories about having these conversations about Biggie and Pac. You like, dang you met Biggie and Pac. Like that's them Now. So say legend. Don't say Memorial until they passed. I feel like Legend Ain't strong enough for some of these guys Because they throwing it around people throw it around too loosely. Yeah, Like I like Snoop is a icon living to me Memorial. He's definitely an icon. Welcome. Memorial might be a bit much, but Yeah, it's like a zombie. Whatcha talking about? Yeah, Emini here. Yeah, rec famous. Yeah. I don't, yeah, Snoop gotta be the most famous rapper. Yeah, I think he is. Yeah. God was just the mascot of the Olympics. Everybody knows. Yeah, I think so. Anyway, let's get to the latest alarm. Lauren Becoming a straight face Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well she gets the details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything. She be having the latest on this. Good lord. The latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest The on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So there is an update in the Tory lane's stabbing situation. So I, I don't have an update on his health, but I do have an update on the attacker. The alleged attacker. So the person that is alleged to have stabbed Tory Lanes is a man who was serving a life sentence for a murder charge. And according to reports, this was not his first violent incident behind bars. The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Center told TMZ that Tory Lanez was allegedly attacked by a fellow inmate named Santino Castillo.


This happened at 7:20 AM Monday morning in a housing unit at California Correctional Institution. Cci, which is where Torri is being housed. And from all reports they said that prison staff responded immediately. I told you guys that I, I found out that after they responded and they were trying to help him, he was an airlifted to the hospital where they found out that he was stabbed 14 times. What's his name Again? His name is Santino Castillo? Yes. What I tell you race today Wayne. Guess what'd I tell y'all? You Mexican. What I tell y'all, I told y'all when there is a stabbing multiple times and you have been stabbed over five times In Jail. It's a Mexican in prison.


It is a Mexican. Okay, let's tell the whole story. Tory Lane's DM Jess Hilarious singing. Just told Chris what you text and Chris called one of his cousins. You stop that. People believe That. Dude, I'm gonna try to put that on my husband. Oh and no, he is not for Mexican. So this is not his cousin. Oh, he is black. He's Why, Why he throw that your way? I don't know. Well, Because, And I told y'all Castillo no relation to your Chris No, no, no. Has been placed in a restrictive housing pen pending investigation. 'cause police are looking into this and he was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole for second degree murder, first degree attempted murder, personal use of a dangerous or deadly weapon and inflicting great bodily injury. So he ain't going nowhere.


And didn't he do this before? He Yeah, he, yes. Well yes, he, he did a couple things. That's why They shouldn't have a general population in prison. Because if I'm doing how many, how much time Tori got? 19 years, something like that. Yeah. Like 19 years. You can't have me around these people that's doing life and don't got nothing else to live for. They just could be jealous, envious, hateful like, but I'm sure he had the option to stay in, in protective custody PC and he didn't want to. Well put me In pc. The fact that the thing that Jess is talking about is there was a point in prison where Casillo was sentenced to an additional six years for assaulting a prisoner with a dead deadly weapon. Yeah. So Yeah, crazy. Sounds Like he should have been deported a long time ago. Exactly. El Salvador. Well he, yeah. Well even if his ass is here legally, like might, he might be legal here.


That's what I'm saying. Standing stab people up like that. It might be legal, but if it's Legal we gonna set him. You know what though, long before the deportation, I used to always say there should be a world Star Island for certain people. Like certain people you can't, you just gotta take them, shit them off. Yes, man. And I was saying this for years, Tory Lake, it ain't got nothing to do with race, the ethnicity, this is about behavior. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Tory lays his, his legal team after following this happening. They're now holding a press conference. A press conference will take place today, the 14th at 10:00 AM for all press. And they said that they have some new exculpatory evidence that we'll talk about how his justice was violated in the case that he's currently backed up for the me stallion case.


And right now I don't even know what that means. What's that word you just said it Exculpatory. So basically, What the hell is that? I don't even know what that means. It's, It's evidence that, that it is new findings that they found that that that show light, that bring light on something like you're like uncovering something. They basically are saying that they have new, you know, they've been fighting for his Oh It couple. It says show or declare that someone is not guilty of wrongdoing. They Have, they're bringing light to the fact that they're saying that he is innocent, which they've been saying, but they saying that they have new evidence now or new things now that they wanna, they can support that reveal and now more than ever because of what just happened to him, it's important that they reveal it because they need to get him home. Okay. Mm. So that's a, you know, update. And I did ask for update on his health. So hopefully we'll have that, you know, just checking in on him, seeing how he's doing. Yeah. You ain't gonna give us Diddy. I don't have the time now I gotta bring it back in the next hour.


You want Diddy stole back? Yes. You ain't Going to give us, you heard about them seamen recipes. You want to hit more of 'em? Yeah. Damn. What else did he put that glaze? That's what you want. He Walking right into it. I just wanted to hear the stories. That's all I got. I got some more stories when we come back. Cassie watched the, the video of her being attacked by Puff in the open courtroom and she told us all about what led up to that damn. And for the first time, I think we had a bit more context from her point of view anyway of, of what went down. I need to go back and listen to what was the biggie record where he says sex to me while you man masturbates Diddy got an ad-lib right after Biggie says that. And I need to hear what Diddy says. It's an Adlib right after Biggie says that I need to hear do the line. I can tell you what it is. That's no, it's not nasty boy sex.


That one more chance. Just say do it And I can do it. Is one more chance Just say the line sext me while your man masturbates. Woo. Is it Woo Uhuh boy you couldn't wait. You couldn't wait. You know, you, I just, you I just sent him ame yesterday. You them, I sent him a meme yesterday when Charles somebody please masturbate it. It's the, it's the, I just want you to Adlib. I'm trying to find it Sex and me while Man masturbating. That's crazy. I just sent you something like that yesterday. You, I told you, you did exactly what Charles Buckley did when he saw Russell Westbrook walking in with no shirt on.


He said, whoa. Whoa. Same thing. Nature boy Dick Fla fla, you. You know what? I'm not talking Diddy. What you no crazy. We got Donkey the day up next. Yes. Yes we do. That's the breakfast local. Oh my God You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to do. Hold, give it a read. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve the You need a note? Well you need to tell them I am. Did you have the voice? Tell them, tell, tell, tell Better it's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne.


Who you giving Dusty other day to then? Well sexy Red Donkey today for Wednesday May 14th goes to a 34-year-old woman from Mississippi named Jesse. Lemme see. Gia Jia Faye Zel. Lemme tell you something man. I don't know what world we live in anymore. Okay? Stop thinking you know people because you think you know but you have no idea. I was born in 1,978 Personally I believe after 1990 God stopped making humans. Okay? He stopped making humans. He sold the patent. It's his product but not his recipe because these people out here look like us, but they not like us. Okay, see Jia went into a Dollar General with a gun berry, low hanging fruit.


Okay? If you're gonna take a penitentiary chance, don't do it at Dollar General, okay? I would rather you not do it at all. I would rather you not walk into any store with a gun. But definitely not Dollar General. In fact, if your brain says I should go rob this Dollar General, you should immediately change your thoughts to, I should go in this Dollar General and fill out a job application. Okay? One of the reasons it's stupid to rob a Dollar General is because you never know how much cash a Dollar General has on hand at any given time. So you might fool around and get 20 years for $20, okay? The money in Dollar General fluctuates constantly based on sales expenses, deposits, withdrawals. It's just not smart to do, not smart to rob any place, but definitely not a Dollar General.


Okay? Now, Jacenia entered the store with a firearm and demanded money. Then she got into an altercation with an employee before leaving the scene with an undisclosed amount of money. With Dear Dollar General, employee Dollar General not dying for you, okay? The only way you should end up in a fight with someone who walks in any store with a gun to rob, it is if your life is being threatened. If you fighting for your life, I completely understand, other than that, get the hell out the way and go hide behind the Doritos. Now I'm not giving you donkey because you robbed the Dollar General Gia. I could. Okay? But there is more to this story. See, officers came to the store to investigate and after they came to investigate, Yesenia did something no criminal should ever do and that's returned to the scene of the crime.


What did she return to the scene of the crime for? Would you like to know? What do you think she returned to the scene of the crime for? Huh? What'd you think? I have no idea because she dropped her cell phone. I repeat, officers said they were at the store investigating when Jia Iselle returned to the scene and asked about a cell phone she dropped during the robbery. Is it crack? It's got to be crack. Okay, Zel, you got the right last name because you must be a crack head ice cube. If you look in the cast, the new crack head name, name Zel. And last Friday we have found your person. R-I-P-A-J Johnson. Okay? You just robbed the Dollar General at gunpoint Jia.


And you came back to the store while police was investigating to ask about a cell phone you dropped during a robbery. Lemme tell you something, man. Even if you're not smoking the fried cocaine, that's normal from our era. You are absolutely addicted to this new drug, the biggest drug on the market by the way. And that's your smartphone. Okay? Once again, smartphones making dumb people, we love these devices so much. We treat them like they are the 79th organ in our body. We treat them like they are our hearts, our lungs, our livers, our kidneys. We are addicted to these devices. No doctor has universally diagnosed us with phone addiction, but it's obvious. Okay? All of us exhibit behaviors and symptoms that suggest a strong dependency on these smartphones.


And this right here is just the latest example. Some donkey. Today's just SEL themselves. Please give Jia Zel the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You, the he. You wanna play a game or we think we gotta figure it out. We can play a game. We gotta figure it out. You don't think so? You think we gotta figure it out? Play A game. Ex verse. Okay, well let's play a game of yes. What race?


Yesenia Zel. Okay. From Mississippi. Alright, went to Rob a Dollar General. Yes. Got into a fight with an employee, but then left with an undisclosed amount of money, but came back to the scene of the crime while police were investigating because she dropped her cell phone. DJ Envy. Guess what Is black? Damn, Damn, damn, damn. I don't like how you said that so quickly. Why? Why you think that gotta be one of us? Hm? Just a hunch. Just a hunch. Okay, just a hunch. Okay, Jess. Hilarious. Justine Zel from Mississippi walked into a Dollar General to Rob, got into a fight with one of the employees, but were left with an undisclosed amount of money, but came back to the scene of the crime.


Wow. Police were, were investigating 'cause she dropped her cell phone. Just hilarious. Guess What she is? I'm gonna say Black Sue for one. White Zel is her last name. Okay? Okay. Two. I robbed the Mini Dollar Generals. Not at gun gunpoint. No, not at gunpoint. No. Don't judge it. We don't Know. But I've definitely robbed many of them and I've gotten into altercations with cashiers as well. Because you were stealing something and they trying to stop you like It's theirs. And it's not since I can steal some stuff for you too, too. But why Dollar General? Why not? Because it's easy. Everything. It, it's easy. It's told only a dollar. I told you me And I was broke envy.


Sorry I wasn't out here. It it like you, since I was 10, I was out. I had to fend for myself a lot. So me and Ashley to steal. I want Jess Hilarious and DJ Envy to know that there are both absolutely positively wrong. What? Okay. I was wrong. I'm going off experience. He just judging black people. 'cause he not black. That's right. Dominican Jia is not black. What is she? She's nigga. It's the difference. It's the difference. And until y'all learn the difference, y'all will continue to make that mistake. Okay? Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yes. But why? She went back in for the phone when she seen the police there. IA just skated.


You gonna catch me? Why do we keep having to tell y'all this all the time? Niggas going? Well, she probably thought that they was there for something else. They shut up. Yeah. Honestly, she probably thought the cops was there for something else and came back and just, yeah, she wasn't thinking How, how old is she? 34. Damn. Damn. Yeah, she's stupid as hell. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes, indeed. Now when we come back, Dr. Judith Joseph will be joining us. Oh, What, What kind of Adlib was that? No, I love Dr. Ju. I love Ju Joseph. It is Mental Health Awareness Month. Dr. Ju Joseph has a new book out called High Functioning, overcoming Your Hidden Depression and Reclaiming Your Joy. All right, we'll talk to her next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We Have to. We have Dr. Judith Joseph. Welcome. Thank You. So great to be here. How you Awareness Month? Yes. Happy Mental Health Awareness Month. So you have a new book out now called High Functioning, overcome Your Hidden Depression and Reclaim Your Joy. What does Hidden Depression look like? Ooh. So Hidden Depression is not like the typical depression. You, when people think of depression, they think of someone crying, not getting outta bed, but Hidden Depression hides behind a mask of being pathologically productive. So imagine, you know, a single mom working to take care of her kids working at her job.


And she cannot slow down. People depend on her. So what does she do? She shows up to work with a smile on her face. She's showing up for others, but she feels no joy. And it's something called anhedonia. It's a scientific term that I study in my lab. People don't even know it exists. So hidden depression doesn't necessarily look sad, but it doesn't feel joy. Mm. It feels empty. I actually, I have a friend who just experienced that. Right? And he called me with like, he had just hit the lottery though. It was so, it was, it was unusual. I don't like to say weird. It is so unusual. He called me, he say, yo, I just figured something out. I'm like, what? He was like, well, I've been depressed all this time. I'm depressed. And I'm like, why you, why, why you, we, we, you want a steak or a cookie?


Like, why are you so excited about it? Like, this is not good news. He was like, no, no, no. Like, I'm not suicidal or anything. I've just been burying myself in my work. Mm. And I amm the most productive, but I'm not happy. My wife, she gets no attention from me. I'm not like mentally there for my kids. And I just found out I was talking to my therapist and we, you know, and he got, he was diagnosed and he has, he's depressed. And it was so crazy because I, when when you think of depression, you know, you think of, you know, the suicidal thoughts and sad, damn you can't get outta bed. He was the opposite, but he was still depressed. So I just, I just found that out. Wow. So, so, yeah. You know why he was happy was because there's a term in psychology called affect labeling.


When you know what you're dealing with, the uncertainty of not knowing how you feel just makes you feel so stressed. You feel like, okay, maybe there's something wrong with me. What I have to complain about, maybe it's my fault. Mm. But when someone tells you no, what you're experiencing is Anne Hedonia, it's actually a scientific symptom. Many people struggle with it. Then you feel as if, okay, it's not my fault. There's a term for this. I know what I'm working with here so I can do something about it. And as human beings, our birthright is joy. Like joy is literally built into our DNA. Mm. And if we can't access that joy, that's a problem. So just because someone's not getting out, not, you know, in bed and crying all day, doesn't mean that it's not a problem. We have to address this lack of joy.


How Do you get out of it? Right? So let's say you work with somebody who bullies you all the time, says you are Spanish. When you're black, you, you, you know somebody who has a bad wig and you have to see it all the time. How do you get out of that place of working with them? Because you gotta go to work. Why you looking at me like that? That was just a silly, you gotta make money. So how do you get outta that Being serious? I'm being serious Because there's people that don't wanna work. That's, how do you get out that, You know what he's doing right now? He's accessing joy. Yes. You know, playful being comical. He is finding a way through a difficult situation by accessing joy. Right? But many of us just go to work and we do. I'm Not being serious, but how do you, how do, if you work with somebody that you don't like, but you still need to get money.


I'm not talking about charlamagne or just Yeah. Or alarm. But when people that you know don't like their job. Yeah. But how do you continue to go through that? 'cause you still need money. You still gotta pay for the food on the table. You still gotta pay for rent, you still gotta pay for your car, you still gotta pay for your kids. How do you get through that? What do you tell people to do? There's actually a term in my book called the bio psychosocial model, right? So what you're talking about, and what you so eloquently said is actually a model used by every single medical student in The World, right? The biopsychosocial is like a fingerprint. We all have our fingerprints, but it's all unique. So we each have a biopsychosocial. So for example, the person you're talking about, the biopsychosocial for that person, socially, what's happening is that they're in this stressful situation. They're not supported.


They're actually being, you know, there's microaggressions, maybe macroaggressions at work, but that's just one part of why they're no longer happy. It's one of the things that's draining their, the science of their happiness, right? The other parts of that model are the biological. So maybe this person also has a medical condition, like, I don't know, diabetes or psychologically they have past trauma. So all of those things play into what's taking away from their points of joy. So understanding where the stressor are and what's causing you to be unhappy is important. But even within stressful situations, because I've traveled The World over 30 countries looking at joy, even when people don't have running water, even when they're in war zones, they can still access joy.


Why? So find something that makes you happy regardless of The situation, right? Because joy is a survival technique. We have to access joy in order to survive, not just to thrive, but to survive. So you can find ways at work to connect with someone else. Maybe someone else is going through it with you. So you're sharing, you're venting. You know, maybe you can use a candle at work or something fragrant to stimulate the senses or make sure that you're leaving work and having lunch like a human being instead of being in front of a screen, right? There are things, ways that you can access joy because it's a, a survival technique. I, I believe that, I believe joy is a survival technique. We actually had Lizzo on. We were talking about that. But I also feel like some people fake happy and they fake joy. So what does the real joy look like?


That's why I say understand the science of your happiness. There's only one Leonard, there's only one Judith, you know, ever in the history of the universe in the future. So what is it about you that makes you joyful? And in my research lab, when we're studying joy, we're actually adding up points. For example, if you took a rest and you woke up, did you feel refreshed? That's a point. If you were hungry and you savored your meal, that's a point. If you were lonely, you connected with someone. That's a point. But the rest of The World is so busy chasing this idea of happy, right? I'll be happy when I get the perfect partner. I'll be happy when I pay off my debt. I'll be happy when I have a house. The science shows us that even when those things happen, we're still not happy. So we have to access the points of joy that really feed into our unique sense of happiness.


For me, it's connection. If I'm busy, if I'm speaking at places, if I'm on TV all the time and I'm not connecting with my family, I'm gonna be unhappy. But for you, it could be something else. We're still kicking it with Dr. Judith Joseph. Her new book, high Functioning is out right now. Charlamagne, What are the signs of Hidden Depression and high Functioning Depression? Many people confuse high Functioning depression with burnout. The difference is that, you know, for burnout, let's say you go to a party and you say, I'm burnt out, people are like, oh, me too, me three, right? But if you walk into a party and you say, I'm depressed, people are like, oh, you should do something about that. Right? Like, like your friend, right? You got Cocaine right here. All we gotta do is snippet.


So, so when you think about burnout, right? Burnout by definition is a occupational hazard. When the WHO, The World Health Organization classified it, it's the workplace causing the symptoms. So technically you take the person out of the workplace, they should get better with high Functioning folks. Even when you take them outta the workplace, they're not better. What are they doing? They're busying themselves on a side hustle or two, they're taking on somebody's problems. They, they can't sit still. They're cleaning out their house or the garage, right? Because it's not the workplace, it's not something on the outside, it's something inside that's unresolved. So this hidden trauma, this unresolved pain. So they're trying to outrun it by busying themselves. So when they sit still, they feel empty.


When they're not working, they feel restless. Lemme ask you a question. I, I feel like, and this, this is a good thing, but I also feel like it's a bad thing. I feel like in the last 10 years, so many people have been talking about all these mental health issues and terms. Does it, sometimes it feel like it's an overload 'cause it's like, you know, you get a pain, right? You, you Google it, and then there's 30 Things that's wrong with you. Now you, you.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill, try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


I found out I was related To the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I am talking to a felon right now, And I cannot decide if I like him or not.


Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take real phone calls from anonymous strangers all over The World as a fake gecko therapist and try to dig into their brains and learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's pretty interesting if you give it a shot. Matter of fact, here's a few more examples of the kinds of calls we get on this show. I live with my boyfriend And I found his piss jar in our apartment. I collect my roommate's toenails and fingernails. I have very overbearing parents, even at the age of 29, they won't let me move out of their House. So if you want an excuse to get out of your own head and see what's going on in someone else's head, search for therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. It's the one with the green guy on it.


The Chilling Podcast. Forgive me for, I have followed delves into the hidden truths behind seven M Films, the Shekinah Church and the Hold they had Over members. Join host Jessica Acevedo, the executive producer of Netflix's explosive docuseries, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult, and Khalia Gray of seven M Films. In the final episode, former member Melanie Lee talks about escaping the church and the hold of its leader, Robert Shin. That Was the beginning of my closure. He's a scam artist. Don't miss the powerful season finale featuring part two of the Melanie Lee interview, which offers new perspectives on her time in the cult and a deeper understanding of her journey of recovery. All episodes out now, It's like life and death. Yeah, yeah. And you don't know any better. You don't know you have that freedom because you've never had that freedom. Listen to, forgive me for I have followed as part of the My Cultura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Giving yourself that agency to not just be one thing, right? I don't have to be the perception that is crafted or the version of me that everyone is kind of projecting onto me like I am having my human experience. And it is faceted, it's so faceted and it's fascinating.


Maya's mental health Awareness Month and deeply well is a sanctuary for your healing. I'm Debbie Brown, healer wellbeing expert teacher and fellow seeker. And each week we explore what it means to become whole through soul expanding conversations and practices. Why focus on Tiny Joys? Well, because they remind us of what it means to be human. They anchor us in the present moment and they create ripples of gratitude that nourish our spirit. Tiny joys are acts of self-Love to hear this and more ways to prioritize your piece. Listen to Deeply Well from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and t connecting changes. Everything You, you're even more confused, right? Is that the same thing with a lot of, sometimes with a lot of these terms, like when you hear certain things is now I'm depressed. Now I'm a high function and depressed. Now I have anxiety. Now I have this. Is it like, do you feel like it's too much for people? And how can people really break that all down to realize what they really have and what really bother? 'cause everything sounds the same at some time. Emini here, it's a great question, but the, the term affect labeling in psychology shows us that when you can name it appropriately, right, it decreases the anxiety. Think about if you were in a room and it was pitch black and you heard a loud crash. Some of us would start swinging, some would start screaming, some would start running.


But if you turn that light on and you saw what it was, a voz fell or some inanimate object, you feel relaxed. Right? Why? Because you know what you're dealing with. You know what it is, right? It's the not knowing and not naming appropriately. That creates a lot of anxiety. So people end up just drinking a lot, right. To soothe that thing 'cause they don't know what it is. Or they end up gambling or spending a lot of money or doing things busying themselves to outrun this pain. They don't understand. Right? And it's interesting too, 'cause you know, I, I, I think what envy is speaking to, to me anyway, is the fact that there was a time when nobody used to talk about their mental health issues. So we went from saying, we don't, we don't speak about this at all. To, in order to eradicate the stigma, we gotta tell our story. So now people are not just going out there to get help and understanding what they're dealing with.


They're telling their stories, Right? They're telling their story. But still the older generations are not as open. Yeah. Right. The younger ones, they wanna talk about it. They wanna feel seen, they wanna feel connected. And many of them do sometimes inappropriately use a label to connect. Right? But there is still a lot of stigma. You know, the places I go, the corporations I go to, it's still more accepted to say burnt out than depressed. But we have to name what it is because the supports are gonna look very different. The resources look very different. Now, How do you know the difference between somebody who's staying busy as a response to trauma, to somebody who's actually really busy? Yes. Great question. It's the anhedonia. You know, when you ask someone who's busy, but they're actually pathologically productive, they're not getting joy, you know, they end up at my office in Manhattan and they're like, I don't know what's wrong.


Everything looks good on the outside, but I just don't feel joyful. Mm. Whereas someone who's actually engaged in what they're doing, they're, they got the pep in their step, they're engaged and they're connected, and they're feeling as if they're getting a sense of purpose. Versus when you keep doing over time without actually tapping into purpose, you do feel numb. You're like, why am I doing this? But you cannot stop because you're trying to outrun something that you don't even know is there. Now you talked about, you know, working and being at rest. So how do you know when you're at rest and, and be and okay with being at rest? One of the points of joy that we measure in my research lab is actually that, it's called psycho mode a agitation. It's a terrible scientific term, but what it means is that you can't sit still.


You're just on edge. And when you add up points of joy, being able to be calm and not stress is actually a point that many of us leave on the table. We often think, oh, that's anxiety, not depression. But no, it's almost like a different side of the same coin. Right? You can't be joyful if you're stressed. Do you know anyone who's been really stressed out, who is like also joyful? No. And then, and look at the monks in other countries and the gurus, they may have just a mat to sleep on and bread and water, but they are joyful because they're at peace. So if you're not feeling that sense of peace and you have that inner restlessness, it's really difficult to be joyful. But is Everybody's peace the same peace Though? It's not. And that's why I said, understand the science of your happiness.


In my book, I actually have that model so that I democratize this information. Why are just the doctors and medical students holding onto this? Every patient that comes to my lab draws their own bio-psychosocial, right? So you wanna figure out what are the things that are taking away from my happiness, right? If you don't understand what's taking away their points of joy, how can you understand the science of your happiness? So in some cases, you're gonna look at the social factors, right? Someone who is partnered with somebody who's toxic, Emini here, they could eat all the kale they want, they're still gonna be unhappy, right? Versus somebody who, let's say psychologically they dealt with a lot of trauma in their childhood and neglected, abused. We need to address that first, because it's really hard to access joy when you're in fight or flight. And then biologically, let's say it's someone who has an autoimmune condition, right?


If you're constantly in a state of high inflammation, your brain's not gonna be happy. So everyone's so unique, but we're chasing things that work for other people without understanding our own science. I I, I keep, I'm hung up on this one question you asked earlier. It was like, can you feel joy when you're stressed? It's very, very difficult. It's super difficult. You know, like imagine when you're stressed and you're sitting eating your food, many times, we'll, like finish the bowl and we don't even know we finished our plate, right? Because our brain was somewhere else, so we missed out on a point of joy. Right? We weren't tasting the crunchy salad or the dressings. Right? Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. But like, mostly not even everything, 'cause I ain't trying to sound like a client here or anything like that, but a lot of things that you're saying, like I, I like live this every day.


Like I'll heat something up and then do something else and then forget that I'm even, and forget that I'm hungry and then do it. 'cause I'm trying to keep myself busy. Like, I wake up every morning at four, like here at six. We get done at a certain time. I go home, then I work on other businesses, and then I do. And then I have an eight month old baby And I have a 13-year-old son and I'm married. And I, it's so many different things, right? And The drugs. And the drugs. So yeah. He does not have to put it out there like that. But yes. What I find for me, speaking of drugs at the end of the night, a good like pre-roll. Like I find for me, weed that calms me down. I'm able to relax and just like take a breath.


But by the time that is, that's like 12, one o'clock in the morning, I gotta be back up at four. Yeah. It's like, but I don't think I'm stressed or depressed. It's like, what the hell is going on? Then You may be, I'm not your doctor, but a lot of people like you who have, you know, busy careers, families, a lot of responsibilities, they're caretakers. Right? In my study, the first ever published in The World on high Functioning depression. Yeah. A lot of caretakers, a lot of caregivers, they experience that lack of joy. Why? Because they're so busy in their mind, they're so restless that they're missing out the precious baby's face in front of them who wants to snuggle with you? Right? You lost a point right there because when you snuggle, you're getting oxytocin, right? You get in that attachment hormone. And you know, many times I hear a lot of people saying they're intimate with their partners and they just can't wait to get over with.


'cause they just wanna, you know, they're not, they're missing out. Yeah. That's a point of joy. Yeah. For human beings, right? Sleep is a point of joy, but many of us are spending our times on our phones before we go to bed. So that's disrupting our sleep. So we are losing so many points because we cannot sit still. Mm. What do you hope people walk away with after reading high Functioning? I really hope that they understand that joy is a priority. It is a necessity. It is part of our survival, especially in, in our community. Without joy, what would've happened to us? You know? So prioritize joy and understand the science of your happiness. You know, there is only one you and there will only ever be one. You. So take the time to know yourself, understand what's taking away from your joy so you know where to add back to it.


And joy has the power to change people and their communities. So, you know, we all probably have interacted with people who are not joyful. They can change the tone of a room, right? So if we take the time to invest in joy, we can literally change not just ourselves, but our families, our communities, and, And I think The World. How do they find you? Dr. Judith. Dr judith joseph.com. And follow me on all the socials, Dr. Judith Joseph, and pick up my book, high Functioning, Overcome Your Hidden Depression and Reclaim Your Joy. Thank you for joining. Thank you so much for having Dr. Judith Joseph. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you. Thank you. It's such a pleasure. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free fish. She gets from somebody that knows somebody, she gets the details.


I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, It's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. I did wanna talk about yesterday Cassie in court running us through that. Back to Diddy. Yeah, back to Diddy running us through the video of her being dragged in that hotel room back in 2016. So people have been trying to figure out kind of like what, what the narrative is. Was she trying to get away from a Freak off or was it two people So jealous, so upset. Cassie says that that was her trying to leave a Freak off. A hundred percent. She says that she had shot Didia text message, which they brought up in court.


In that text, she's texted him and saying, I went to FO so bad. That's how they talked about Freak Offs. The text is to pop up. She calls on PopPop because she, she alleges that he wanted her to call him what she used to call her grandfather. Hey Pop, That's, I say, Hey, PopPop is for granddaddy. Yes. I called, I used to call my PopPop, my grandfather PopPop. Now they, well That's when you know the girl way too young for you. Yeah, pop. It's one thing when the girl say, daddy. Yeah, PopPop, she sat on the stand too. She was like, yeah, weird. I know, but whatever. But anyway, so there's texts between Baby Girl and PopPop her and Puff and she's talking about, Come on man, wild it B BG Is wild. He called her baby girl. He called her Cece. Cassie Combs. Those were the nicknames that he had. I'm thing About, think about the contrast, granddaddy and baby girl, BBG and popup.


It's PopPop And Pop. But come on. Come on y'all. Come on guys. Come on On. But That's, that's crazy. Yeah. Well, so in the text messages she's saying that she wants to Freak off and people, And I think the prosecutors brought this up early because they wanna get ahead of it because she's saying she's, she's initiating it. Right. But she's also alleging at the same time she was trying to get away from it and couldn't. So she said that the reason why she shot this text and the reason why they were even in that hotel in LA the day that she got dragged back in 2016 was because she had this major movie premiere coming up on Monday. That video that we saw she alleges happened over the weekend. She believes it was Friday. She said she initiated that Freak off because she wanted to make him happy when he was pleased, when his moods were great, she, she would, she would be okay.


She didn't want anything to ruin a premier. She didn't wanna be told that she couldn't go or that, you know, to have bruises or anything allegedly. So she said she did the Freak off, they got there, they were drinking and were partying with one of the escorts, a male escort. And somehow she ends up getting hit in her face by him. He allegedly punches her in her face. She's bruised in the face now. And she said at that point she's like, I gotta get outta here because if it gets worse, she has this, she's thinking about the premiere and she's scared. So we see her in the video trying to get away and that's when she says that, you know, she alleges he dragged her back into the room, took herself back into the room. But she was trying to explain why she was even there in the first place. And, and again just, you know, quickly put in context to that video, she said, this is her trying to get away. Can't get away but doing this.


Because if it makes him happy, she can be in some bit of peace. What, What was the reaction in the courtroom when all this was happening? Even the, the semen on the nipples? Like what was the, the reaction with Puff the family, even Cassie's husband who was there? You Know, what, what was the reaction? So I was sat, I was sitting behind Cassie's brother and Cassie's husband. Her brother was a bit uneasy when they were playing the video. They didn't really react too much to the whole semen on Nipple and a lot of stuff with the men. And I don't know if it's because everybody knows that we're all watching them. Neither did plus family. But there was one point where they talked about all the drugs that they would be on during these Freak calls. 'cause she said she wouldn't remember a lot of them because of them. And they asked her, well how were you reading up on drugs? How did you know who to call? And she said it was because of Diddy. And then they asked her, well who, whose drug contact was it?


Like whose drug dealer was it? And she said she alleges it was Puff's. And I watched him and Puff was looking at her, her, and he was like, he made his face like, come on man. And I was like, oh wow. And that was the first time that I saw him visibly like, 'cause other than that it was blank stare at her the whole time. I Wonder, didn't they arrest one of, did these drug mules remember that little? They did. He's not, he's not on trial. I don't know if he's gonna be included in the trial or not. So far the witness list, all we have had, all we've heard from was one male escort, Cassie, the, the LAPD security guy that was like security at the hotel. And How is she doing because she's pregnant. So how is she doing? Does she need multiple breaks? Is she pain or she took Yes, She two Breaks Mentally. She took two breaks. She asked for one of the breaks while she's on the stand. She's doing a lot of like this, like holding her herself does making Yeah.


Yeah. She cried a little bit. She's probably contracting. Yeah, that would be crazy. She like eight months. Yeah, she cried a little bit in the beginning, like the opening of her testimony. But she helped, she held it together very, very well. Listen, I told y'all yesterday that video is going to be the most damning piece of evidence in this case because it's almost impossible to see that video and give Diddy the benefit of the doubt for anything. And I know folks, you know say, oh he's, he's not on trial for domestic violence. But the beating part is part of the coercion in manipulation that defines trafficking in a court of law. When you get people to engage in sexual acts through violence or drugs or emotional manipulation, that all constitutes trafficking in a court of law.


I guarantee you what you're gonna see over the next few days is them defining Yeah, what, what sexual trafficking is. They're gonna be talking about the man act. They're gonna be talking about the coercion and the manipulation and the convo of drugs and violence and an emotional and the emotional manipulation that he allegedly used to get people to do sexual things. I guarantee you they're gonna start talking about the transportation of prostitutes. That's all, all of That going, they're setting up sexual traffick. And I I I agree with what you're saying 'cause they set it up real good just to bring that land in. What's Difference between the prostitute and the escort? So the way that they were, the way that they were having a conversation yesterday was like, escorts are people that like, not even an escort, but the, well they were calling 'em escorts, but a lot of the men that they were enlisting from like back page Craigslist and then these like male serv, male services escort services, back pages old, right.


Where people that were supposed to be there, you just, they come and you like enjoy their time. So like y'all on Off Craigslist shut Up and she was having to use her real phone number to respond to the ads that she Was, they was booty on back. She didn't have to post, she didn't have to post them, but she had to use her real phone number to respond to the ad. She said. But to answer your question, they're still really defining it. But from what I'm getting from it, it seems like a escort isn't supposed to be having sex with you. Oh. They're supposed to just be there and like you enjoy their time. Gotcha. You might date with them, they might come and do like, you know, bring a stripper. They might come And and then you take that and rub it on your nipples. Don't, don't gimme the line. This is why I'm there right now. Yeah. Got These seeming jokes. And, and and and when and when they do these Nobody laughs in the courtroom, right?


Nobody. Huh? Nobody laughs in the courtroom when they say like, you put the, the semen on the nipples like there's no outbursts or anything like that. No. And the only reason I'm asking because 'cause if you don't know Lauren is at the court every day. Yes. She's at The court. The reason why I think yesterday, people who didn't catch a lot of stuff is because people were bored. It took the prosecution a long time to get to a lot of stuff. You're board into This that I wasn't, I was duly intrigued and my notes were noting, but this Is years and years of comedy material. Mm. Yeah. Well I'm, I'm, I'm a stiff nipple with a topper. You ever been on a iron? That's why people can't take this not nip. I could never take y'all to court. Y'all would embarrass me. Nobody get Kicked out. It's pews in the court. I have to sit y'all in the back like back of church. That should Be a drink.


That should be a drink of the bar. Not on the nipple. They already Got a slippery nipple. The slippery nipple. See what I'm saying? That's, and this is a slippery nipple. When you take that semen and rub it on the nipple, it becomes slippery. Oh My god. And they gonna stop blazing The rims. Imagine all of it. And the kids gotta be in there watching it. The girls didn't leave yesterday either. Oh, during the nipple? They didn't leave during anything. They stayed during the whole testimony. Oh, the daughters. Yeah. And it was, Diddy was straight face at Cassie during the video. I I do feel like Alex fine had a couple stairs for puff. But this is why We need the boondocks. This is why you need the Pel show. Okay. This is great material guys. Jesus Christ. All Right, well I'll be back with more updates because today Cassie's going back on the stand and then, then she's gonna get cross examined at some point. I think we got about like two more days with her on the stand.


So well head, Head your ass to court and good luck. Thank You. And we'll talk to you later on today. Yeah, once Lauren goes to court we don't, we don't see Lauren again till 7:00 PM because They take my phones. I know, I know. I be feeling like I be coming out like woo. Fresh out, first day out. Like it be tough. Alright, the mix is up next. Lauren. Thank you for the latest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your Chicken out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to Shaquille O'Neal. Shaq has his on. So Shaq says good morning Jess. Good morning. What up Shaq? And he said tell Charlamagne he ugly as hell. Tell I tell Shaq I look like a five foot six him. Okay.


I've heard people say that. People be like, yo, you look like Shaq a short Shaq people, people have told me that before. I don yo, you look like a short Shaq. Damn that's Crazy's cool. And They just called you ugly. Hey, I want to tell Shaq something else too. Shaq, I don't need you taking no days off from inside the NBA. No disrespect. I ain't like the combination they had up there yesterday. You know what I'm saying? Dwight Howard is a cool, I like Dwight Howard doing commentary someplace else but I'm I I'm used to a certain combination on inside the NBAI like Chuck. Yep. Kenny. Ernie Shaq. Okay. Yep. During the playoffs. I, I didn't like what I was watching last night. Luther, Jalen, rose, salute, Dwight, all of them. But that ain't the combination. That was D. Yeah. What Was you doing, Shaq?


Where hell were You? Where was you at Shaq? He was busy and Emini here. That respectfully 'cause I like all of these guys. Individual you probably was traveling. Yeah, they sound Good together. Collective. Not last night. No, no. When Shaq is there. Oh Yeah. When it Shaq, Ernie, Chuck and Kenny. I ain't no, I didn't like a combo last night. No, they Trying new people. No. Shaq probably had something to do. Oh Right. So they just fill in other, Shaq is probably opening up another Papa John's. Oh, Shaq probably opening up another build. You know Shaq doing everything so. All right. Who knows what Shaq salute To Shaq. Well he better not take too long 'cause somebody steal his Drop. Damn. No, not the person. Not Dwight. That ain't gonna happen. Shaq probably like, that's what y'all got feeling in. I'm good Mike Good on his podcast, but I ain't like, I just don't like that combination.


I didn't like that last night. Alright, And don't forget to get your tickets this weekend. Your girl Jess. Hilarious. And your guy Desi Alexander will be at ris. At Harris. Harris. I keep taking HR are the comments in my ass, I guess. Harris, Jess, hard H Post. So hard H Harris. I will be there this Saturday. The show starts at eight, doors open at seven. Yes. I might do a meet and greet. I'm not sure. That's a lot of people y'all. It's a lot. But the tickets are selling and it's almost sold out. So get your tickets now at Jess Hilarious official.com. Then next weekend, I don't know where it's at, but Mash and Tuckett, Connecticut, I don't know where. Tuckett, yes. Mashing. I've Never heard of that part of Connecticut At Foxwood Casino. Oh, Foxwood Casino, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Foxwood Casino, Fox. I don't know. Well, calling Hartford. Calling Bridgeport, Connecticut. All my ratchet cousins. I need y'all to get these tickets. Foxwood. That's close Too. Foxwood. Alright, so get your tickets. It's it's close to To the city. Yeah, Because the next day I'm in Boston. Yeah. Boston, Massachusetts. So I got a lot. I'm touring. I'm touring. Next weekend get your tickets for Connecticut and Boston. I will see y'all next weekend, but this weekend AC I will be there. All Right. Mash and t. It sound like a drag queen tutorial. Like you mash it and then tug it. No. Oh my goodness. That's what, Definitely get your tickets. If you have any problems, I own the spot. So if you have any problems at Harris's, I own the spot. Just tell him me and you. Good. You are An idiot. Salute to Snoop for joining us this morning.


Salute to the icon Living Snoop Dogg, his new album. Is it A Crime Will Be Out Tomorrow? No. And then he got a movie We he set up here all that time and ain't even tell us about a movie. He had a movie premier last night in New York City. He actually sent us the movie. Right. Then he send us the movie. Yeah, but he ain't talk about it on the interview. I know he got so much going on. Yeah, You right. Yeah. And salute to Dr. Judith Joseph. Yeah. She taught me a lot. High Functioning. Yes. Make sure you go get her book High Functioning. Overcome Your Hidden Depression and Reclaim Your Joy Salute to Dr. Judith Joseph. And the Positive Notice simply this man, it comes from the great Wayne W. Day. You know I love Dr. Wayne w Daya. Remove all unloving thoughts from your mind and practice kindness in all of your thoughts, words and actions.


Okay. Cultivate. If we focus on what's ugly, we attract more ugliness into our thoughts and then into our emotions and ultimately into our lives. So remove all ugly unloving thoughts from your mind expeditiously. Have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200. Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


I found out I was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flurries on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.