
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Scam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S node and Z Series. Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions. Apply to att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I'm a good lawyer. And. I Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. We don't follow the right plan. We lose The hit series. Reasonable Doubt returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new Jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste at moves you scan your Coke. Are Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo Copi Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake up, wake up Wake. Wake up. You guys really are like the hip hop. Early morning, late night The Breakfast Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show in Live. From the black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlamagne De God and Jess. Hilarious. Thank Y'all for being cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do. For the coach Collectively known as Breakfast Club, pick his. I'm always Nervous when I do The Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you trouble. Everybody wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo.


Jess is on maternity leave. Law LaRosa. Good morning. Good Morning y'all. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the Planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? Good Morning. I am blessed Black and Holly fad. I would like to tell y'all that I'm bright-eyed and bushy tailed, but I'm not because I stayed up last night watching the Democratic National Convention Night one. What'd you think? I thought it was good. You know. It showed me how much they don't care about Joe Biden because there's no way you care about Joe Biden and you put Joe Biden on at 10 o'clock at night. Okay. I was tired, so I know he was so I fell asleep. I was like, I'll catch it on Twitter. I know. I was, I was tired, so I know. He was like, there's no way you make him the last speaker night though. Damn. Could dirty.


It was good. I mean, it was good. The whole thing was good. I thought it was solid. Yeah. Last night, Hillary Clinton spoke A OC spoke Hillary was fantastic. A OC was good. Joe Biden Spoke. Surprise guest Kamala Harris popped up. Was she? That's not surprise, But we didn't know she was getting on the stage yesterday. Nobody knew she was coming on that stage yesterday. The convention is for her. I Know, but I thought she was gonna sit it out until it was like the day that she was gonna talk. Like I knew she was gonna Be there. Just came by and said, what's up? Yeah. It was this little pop up. Yeah, that's, I Said she Popped out. Everybody was awaiting her arrival. I mean, they're literally, once it starts at six o'clock, it literally says, we're awaiting the arrival of Vice President You know. We knew she was going to be there. Nobody knew she was Gonna speaking on that stage. It was a surprise to everybody speaking that she was gonna be speaking on that stage last night.


They knew she was gonna be in attendance, I guess. I don't know. But yeah, it was good. You know Jasmine Crockett was fantastic. Oh, my aunt, she made me cry. Who else did I enjoy? Reverend Rep, Ralph Warnock was great. It was good. It was a solid, it was solid. Solid night. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Tyrese will be joining us this morning. His album, beautiful Payne is is on its way 30th, 1992. Yes. His movie will be out August 30th as well. Yeah. So let's get the show cracking when we come back, Morgan, we'll be joining us. We'll break down everything that happened last night. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Loro is filling in for Jess. Hilarious. Let's get in some front page news.


Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. As I told y'all yesterday, we are broadcasting from the DNC and y'all saw what was going on right there was a lot happening last night. Yes. Yeah. So Vice President Ka State Vice President, Kamala Stage. Yeah. Vice President Kamala Harris. She took the stage at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago on Monday night. She welcomed the crowd and spoke about the upcoming election and thanked President Biden for his leadership and achievements. Let's hear more from Harris. I wanna kick us off by celebrating our incredible president Joe Biden, looking out at everyone tonight. I see the beauty of our great nation.


People from every corner of our country and every walk of life are here this November. We will come together and declare with one voice as one people, we are moving forward. So Harris told the delegates that this was gonna be a great week, and she will also accept the presidential nomination officially on Thursday. Now, former President Donald Trump, he's going after the vp just as the DNC is kicking off. Now, while campaigning in the battleground state of Pennsylvania yesterday, Trump claimed that Harris would be soft on crime if she was elected.


And he also said that he, Harris wants immigrants to vote for her. Let's hear more from former President Trump. She wants to defund the police, abolish cash, cash bail, and she wants to abolish it immediately. Cash bail. And she wants them to vote illegally if possible, any way they can vote. They don't care if it's illegal or not. Well, Trump went on to say that when Harris was the, so-called Border Czar in the Biden administration, she allowed millions of immigrants to pour into the us. He added that he believes Harris wants them again to vote for Democrats illegally. Meanwhile, vice president, vice presidential Republican, vice presidential nominee, JD Vance, he's gonna be in Georgia this week to rally at Valda.


Valdosta. Now, something very fascinating that's happening at the DNC free medication. Abortions and vasectomies are available outside the DC. What? What? Wow. Yes. What, yeah, I know, right? Planned Parenthood has parked a bus near the convention site in Chicago where anyone can get free services. So if you're in Chicago and you need some stuff going on, or you in the nearby area, I'm sure this is something that's available to you. The organization is strong, is a strong supporter of, of course, presidential hopeful Harris, and wants to make the abortion issue reproductive, women's reproductive health, a front and center thing. Now, also outside the event is a giant inflatable IUD set up by another abortion rights group.


So you guys watch last night, right? And we'll get into more of the speakers in the next hour. But what did you guys think so far? I mean, like I said, I thought it was good last night. You know Hillary gave a fantastic speech. Jasmine Crockett gave a fantastic speech. A OC gave a good speech. Ralph Warnock gave a great speech. And I think it's respectful how Democrats are constantly pushing the narrative that President Biden made the decision to step down. And he was selfless like that. That's, that's good. But the reality is they know he couldn't win. They know it was the low polling numbers and the low approval ratings and corporate donors who said they wouldn't give him another dime. But the narrative they're pushing looks Good. It, it was great energy for day one. Yeah. It was great energy for, yeah. And I. Don't understand why CNN, I mean, I, I, I guess I do get it, but I was, I was watching it on CNN, but it's just like they kept showing all the protestors outside, like they're looking for, like, they're looking for another, another narrative to tell.


I'm sure, I'm sure there was protestors outside the RNC, but I didn't see them showing that. But That's the controversy. Exactly. They gotta, that's what it's a cable news network. What you think they gonna do? A Couple of them got arrested, a couple of them got arrested. But like you said, they didn't do that at the RC Because the controversy at the RNC was Trump. The first time after he was shot, they showed him it was stoic. Like you gotta think about the angles here. They know what they doing. Yeah, Absolutely. Not to say that there weren't any protestors at the RNC though. Hello. Okay. Right. But we'll get into more later in the next hour. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


This is your time To get it off your chest. Keep calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, is this How y'all doing? Fa? I'm good, brother. Hey, good morning. Good morning. Hey, the beautiful Lauren. Oh God. What I do, And, and Lauren, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't let, don't let Charlemagne talk about them. Hairy arm. They all right. As long as they smell like Doritos. My underarms are not hairy. Like He said, he likes what he, he said, He said they alright. As long as they smell like Doritos. That's weird. I'm not, Not long as they smell like Doritos. They all Identifying as a Dorito under pit person. Like, okay, that's a thing. No, A lot of women was doing the pic. Janelle Monet. It was cool.


That's not my thing. I mean, you had a bad day. Hey, Hey, Charlamagne. Yes sir. Hey, you You know You know what Cum Harris was talking about them tip things. You know. No, no tax, no tips. Yeah, no tax on the, the tips. Yep. Yeah. But, but, but at the same time, she, the one that voted Kathy, decide and vote to hire 87,000 IRS agency to go out to tip, earn and, and give workers. So You know. That's why, that's why she'll give You know she can't stand on her record. Yeah. I don't know anything about that. She tell us. Good. It's on record. You know it was a 50 50 vote. She, by her being the president of the Senate, she can decide and vote to hire 87,000 new IRSs agents.


I think that Bill was $1.7 trillion. You know to go out to give workers and tip earn. That's why she don't give interviews. And only thing she makes speeches. She's not gonna answer no questions. You know. And, and that's why Democrats don't talk about threat democracy no more. Because this the ultimate threat to democracy. When you appoint somebody without the people's vote. Well, I'm looking right now. You know. I'm looking right now. I don't, I'm, I don't know what's true and what's not true. I'm just looking at PolitiFact and it says, no, Kamala Harris didn't vote in 2022 for a law that would tax service workers tips. It says tips. Yeah. She Can to It Says she can to decide and vote You know it. It was a one point, it was a 1.7 trillion bill You know where they had 87,000 new IRS agents, You know to go out to give workers because she's the president of the Senate.


I don't know in the Senate, I don't know. I'm not, I don't know if you're right or wrong. I'm just saying that from what I'm reading right now, it says that that's not, that's not true. Well, thank you brother. It says, TIPS were federally taxed before Vice President Kamala Harris voted in favor of the Inflation Reduction Act in 2022. The IRS Tip reporting program is unrelated to the Inflation Reduction Act. It was introduced in 2023 as a way for employers in the service industry to voluntary report tips. Similar tip compliance programs have existed since 1993. I'm just reading, I'm, I'm not picking aside here. I'm just reading the facts y'all. I'm Just reading the facts. Hello, who's this? Hello, This is Peterson. Hey Peterson. Get it off your chest. I want to give a big shout out to my girlfriend Day. I am very proud of you.


Thank you for your service. Thank you for being one of the best things God has placed into my life. I appreciate you And. I, love you. I adore you. Beautiful. Can't wait to see what God has planned for the future. Aw, congratulations brother. That is so Cute. Yes sir. Thank you DJ Envy. Have a good one brother. Oh. Oh it gets even worse guys, vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump have both said they would stop taxing tips in their bid for the presidency. We noticed they've heard that, but some people online have called Harris Hip Critical, accusing her of voting in 2022, the Tax Service Workers Tips and Instagram post shows a video of Harris voting for the Inflation Reduction Act. Texts overlaying the video reach Kamala Harris hopes service workers forget she was the tire breaking vote for the IRS to go after tips.


The video then claims that the Inflation Reduction Act hired 87,000 IRS agents to launch a tip reporting site. Kamala taxed your tips. The post was flagged as part as meta efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its newsfeed. People have had to pay federal taxes on tips for decades long before the Inflation Reduction Act was passed in 2021. The IRS that had planned to hire more than 86,000 new employees over 10 years. But those employees would not all be working in enforcement. And the IRS Tip reporting program is a voluntary program that replaced existing tax compliance programs. So that is a lie. Okay. The guy probably saw that Instagram posts. It's true. Most people do. Or every probably seen it on Facebook. He was a little older. You know they believe anything on Facebook. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Char Man. Envy. What up Are we Lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a Outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get On the phone right now. Here, tell you what, it's We Live. Hello. Who's this? How you doing this? Brian? Tommy, What's up blind? Tommy, get it off your chest Man. How y'all doing man? I'm really embarrassed by the fact Vy. I only got 12 followers. How You know If you blind. I had my nephew tell me He might be lying to you to mess with you.


You might have mad followers and he just might be trying to You know mess with your self esteem. You blind. You don't know. No, he wouldn't lie. He only 11 You know they pure at that age. Why does that matter? If? you can't see like the likes and the love Anyway. And what are you doing on TikTok anyway? Try just trying to get, get myself out there. You know What's the brand like? What are you doing Being blind just Talking and stuff. You know Talk. All right, well talk, talk that talk now tell him, Tell him where to follow you Blind Tommy. That's what you should do right now. Use this opportunity to get some more followers. Yeah, y'all can follow me at Blind Tommy Comedy 82. Oh You're a comedian. Comedy okay. Yeah. All right, blind Tommy. Good luck. I know a heckler level song Coming. Please, brother.


Hello. Who's this? This is Ty. I'm calling from Cleveland, Ohio. Ty from Cleveland, Ohio. Get it off your chest Todd. So this is what I wanna get off my chest today, ma'am. I, I take issue with some of those campaign as to Kamala Harris is putting it out. I wanted to win it, but I don't want her to win it. And then she lose votes for the next go round if she decides to run again or somebody in her party because her campaign adds were misleading. Talk to me about that. I had a long conversation with a group of 17 year olds, five who were gonna be 18 before the election. And a group of seven 18 year olds who were also in the conversation who were first time voters. And they all pointed to these two campaign ads.


One where she said, I'm working for in America where everybody could have one job to pay all their bills. That's not gonna happen. And she shouldn't be putting it out there like that. Her people rather, it's reasonable to put out an ad that says that I'm working for in America where there's more living wage jobs that people can work and then pay all their bills with that job and have money to invest left over. But getting a bunch of impressionable people to think that you're gonna try to get them a job, help them get secure jobs that only pay like 25, $30,000 a year and that's gonna pay all their bills. That's, that's misleading and you shouldn't do that. And the same thing with taxing on tips.


I don't think tips should be taxed for people that have, are service jobs either up to a point, but it's going to be to a point. It's not gonna be just, you don't get, you don't have to pay taxes on your tips at the end of the year. They're going to add up all your income taxes included. And then there's gonna be a decision on whether some of those tips are gonna be taxed. And it's just smart to use your brief amount of detailed time more constructively so that you have people secure for the long haul as opposed to getting them just this one time and then they say you ain't about nothing 'cause you didn't do what you said in your campaign. Oh, I, I respect everything you say. I do want to ask one question though about your first question. What's the difference between saying You know you, you have a livable wage and you want people to have, have one job to be able to pay all their bills.


Like what's the difference? The difference is if the ad says I'm working for America that has more jobs, they gain livable wages for people that can't do those jobs, pay their bills and have money left over for investment is more focused on the truth. As opposed to working for an America where everybody just has one job to pay all their bills. That's not realistically. 'cause it's always gonna depend on your bills and it's gonna depend on your employer's bills too. And then I wanna say this one quick thing. I hear many people say, I don't know what she's been doing for the last three and a half years. She has a public record on her job. It's not hard to tell. She's been in there, she's been in there hustling.


But you gotta be willing to look and you ain't gotta look that hard. She should be talking about what she does every week, including the time when she's campaigning and she's getting paid two $86,000 a year to work. Not campaigning, she hustling. But they need to speak up and people need to look to see that she's doing her thing. Absolutely. Thank you for calling. Have a good day brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hear this up now. We got just with the mess with long LaRosa coming up. Yes we do. We are going to send a another rest in piece to Phil Donahue and then we got some sexy red conversations we need to have. Okay, we'll get into that next. So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's Steve nv. Jess Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren roasts filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess. The mess with Lauren Roast real Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Alright, so yesterday the news broke that talk show legend Phil Donahue had passed away at 88 years old. So sending the rest in piece to him again, he was surrounded by his family, his wife for 44 years.


He had been battling an illness for some time. So that's the cause of death. But a lot of people are having the conversations about why Phil, not even why, but just remembering some of the, like the big Phil Donahue moments and some of the first that he did. So some of the things that like are, are, are like trending right now is like the conversation. He was one of the first people to have a conversation with a person with AIDS live on air. He would be known to interview across the table. This was, he was also the first person to bring Nelson Mandela on a talk show. The honorable minister Louis Farrakhan. Yes. The KKK. Yep. He was big on race relations and feminism and he like really found his groove in the daytime talk show space and L-G-B-T-Q.


Yep. Yep. For sure. I I reference Phil Donahue a lot because that's the type of journalism and TV I grew up on. He was the king of tackling controversial issues. He was the king of talking to controversial figures. He had people in that he didn't agree with and they had conversations. This generation could never Oh, Twitter would Twitter. Not at all. They don't even understand that. Not at All. But see, but when you, when you raised in a journalism world by like newsmen who like come up off of a Phil Donahue, that is a normal thing. Like I think it's so like I It's totally changed though. It's totally changed. If, if that was done now, oh my gosh, they would try to cancel that person immediately. Phil Donahue, Barbara Walter, Diane Sawyer, Oprah, Oprah Winfrey. Like that's what we, we they all talked to people that they didn't necessarily agree with, agree with. Okay. Correct. This is the generation that believes You know this generation we're in now, this is the generation that believes you shouldn't platform folks you don't like.


And this is the generation that likes to stay in echo chambers. So y'all wouldn't have appreciated Donahue. No, I appreciate 'em. Y'all tried to cancel? Not really. A little bit. Who? Well, You know what's so funny. Who's y'all remember Barbara Walters? Of course. Remember when she passed away? Yes. Everybody was posting her clips laughing and joking. They was upset at her. They said she used to go to remember they was, they was the, was it the Britney Spear? What clip was it? They grabbed it and they was like, they were trying, they were coming for her on Twitter Couple. Oh they were, they were trying to make her a couple times. They was Couple times. Am I, am I crazy? They were coming for Britney Spear. I dunno if it was Britney though, but they were, they were coming for a couple Times. I'm just making sure because I thought they was laughing and joking with her. That was, that was a black person. They would've been so upset at Barbara Walters.


Well I really, I think it was because of the person. I forget who it was, but whoever the person was, people were feeling real bad for them at that time. And they were like, she should have had to apologize for this and blah, blah Blah. Barbara didn't, no she didn't. Barbara Did Not care. Right. East Barbara Walter, she Did not. And Donahue, I feel like old women named Barbara, they never care. They never, they never Care. It was just a different time back then, man. Different time. But And, I, And I. Appreciate it. Every moment of, yep. Oprah Said yesterday, if it wasn't no Phil Donahue would be no Oprah Winfrey show. They actually talk about a lot how like when Oprah came, that's kind of like what stole the fire from Phil Donahue. That's what people say. I can see that. Well, yeah. So rest in peace to him. He, he had put it out there for his family to ask when this happened.


That instead of sending like flowers and all that Twitch family that you donate to St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital or the Phil Donahue Notre Dame scholarship. So okay, putting that out there now in other news, my girl sexy Red is becoming a business woman.


So Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. With this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. It's so good. In fact, it'll have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down the street level and learn how to snag a new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home. A TNT connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy S not or Z Series. Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply C att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leak-proof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Time Is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare Match Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code Get dime, that's Dime Beauty c o.com code Get dime for 20% off.


So Sexy Red dropped a new line. It's called Northside Princess and I'm assuming that this is gonna be a brand where she does all of her products under, which is smart. Right? So she dropped her first product or she announced her first product yesterday and it's going to be a lip gloss line. Now the lip gloss has a, here are the names. All right. So the names are Juice, blue, brown, pink, yellow Discharge. Jesus Gonorrhea Gimme the loose blue SS on my period. I never put that stuff on.


They told me I couldn't say majority of it on The radio. I'm bleeping things y'all shouldn't have bleeping. I need to know what's going on. Okay, go ahead. Say go ahead. Gucci Juice that They said I couldn't say that. You can't. You can't say that. Yes you can. Who can? You can. It is not in certain, he just saying a color. Whoa. Y'all played the song Pound Town over and over. Y'all didn't bleep Booty Whole Brown. Isn't There a, isn't there a radio edit of Pound Town though? Okay. It is. Yeah it is nut. You can't, you can't say nut Gonorrhea, you just can't. Yeah because nut could be yellow discharge something that comes off a tree. Blue balls sex on my period. Look, they coming in here to get you the people coming in here to take you to the crazy home. Please. I'm level They coming to get you.


Listen, listen. Here's the thing. So basically she named her products after all the things your gynecologist tells you when you go in because your vagina smells like the kitchen and Red Lobster. That's exactly what she did. When you, when you go to the GYN smelling like SeaWorld, they tell you that you got a yellow discharge. Where would you get that for your lips? Lemme get that yellow discharge. My, I would never, I don't wanna put yellow. I know. And they said it smell like fruit. Which is crazy because I feel like a lot of the girls that be in that that need to go see their doctor don't smell like be smelling like they be smelling like bad and body works and that's not a good mix. I wonder if this would keep people from buying the product. I feel like people so intrigued with her, they gonna do it just because. But but pe this is my thing. I love sexy red. But why is she go, gotta go so hard to make us think she's dirty.


Like why? Well what would you go to Ulta and ask for that? Like let me get that sexy discharge. No, I think the yellow discharge, the gonorrhea. That just sounds crazy putting on your lip. Lemme put that gonorrhea on your lip. Well what's that? What's that on your lip? Gonorrhea? No You. know what I'm saying? What's that on your lip? Yellow discharge? Were you with your boo? They'd be like, take it. They like guys when you kiss them they hate when you have lip gloss on. They be like, take your lip gloss off and be like, you want me take this gonorrhea off? What's that on your lip? Blue balls. See but that's not a bad one. No that that's not a bad one. That is A bad one. Blue balls on your lips. It like people Have been on your lip Coochie juice People have been there before. Say Say that one again. Say in that one we're in trouble. That's crazy. We're not. What's the guy city? It's okay.


'cause Charlotte make can fight. Right. What are y'all talk y'all clearly y'all, y'all have never done this Say in that one. Go ahead. Go. What's that on your lip nut? That sound crazy. It does sound, sound. That's normal. Go ahead, say another one. That's Normal. Not for y'all. That's Normal. What you wearing? Booty hole Brown. What's that on your lips? Booty hole brown? No. What's that on your lips? Sex on my period. It's crazy. Crazy. That's Crazy. Yellow discharge and They're all fruit in it Bro. It sounds like a really bad mix of bath and Body Works and baby girl need to go talk to her people. Hey man, drop on. Include Bob's sexy rash. She probably sold it out yesterday. I'm sure You know. I don't, I don't think she dropped the actual website. They Didn't come out yet. I I don't, I don't know that for sure.


I just know she It she might y she might be ting it. No, No, no, no, no. She had the packaging and everything. If She announced this without it being able to buy yesterday, she bugging and her whole team is bugging. I'm about To double check 'cause y'all know I like the news. There's no What's going on with all this attention she getting from this? There's no way that she didn't drop the line yesterday case. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. It's there. Nurse side popping. Exactly. I mean Northside Princess dot com It's probably sold out already. Oh no. You gotta sign up to get the updates. Let me see what she sold. I bet you that Booty Hope Brown song It say sign up to get the updates. You can't go and purchase it yet. Oh, you Can't buy it. Could You imagine your kid saying, Hey mom dad, could I get something from so-and-so's line? Well what you wanna get y little Discharge my niece right now? She better not. Lemme get, I just wanna get the gonorrhea. My niece better not even understand what none of that is.


Just can get a little nut. Nah, no, no, no. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Y'all done got me in charge. I just got here. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Tyrese will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just Larry Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for just so let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So yeah, as we talked about previously in the last hour, president Biden spoke at the DNC. It was the first night of the Democratic National Convention. He said he's not mad at Democrats who said he should drop out of the race.


And speaking to delegates in Chicago on Monday night, Biden said it was the honor of his lifetime to be president. He added that Harris will keep fighting crime if elected and that Trump does not tell the truth. Let's hear more from President Biden And all this talk about how I'm angry with all those people said I should step down. That's not true. Violent crime has dropped to the lowest level of more than 50 years. And crime will keep coming down. When we put a prosecutor in the Oval Office instead of a convicted felon. Trump continues to lie about the border. Here's what he won't tell you. Trump killed the strongest bipartisan border deal in the history of the United States.


I love how he positioned that when he was talking about putting a prosecutor in the Oval Office because he didn't say You know Kamala is gonna be tough on crime. He just said that crime was going to continue to keep coming down. I thought that was very well positioned for everyone who always tries to use her being a prosecutor against her, which I think is the strength in, in, in this campaign personally. Well, Biden added that it was the best decision that he could make to appoint Harris as his vice president. And the Harris Walls ticket will make sure democracy lives on now. He also told the crowd that he loves America and he did his best for the country. He said, we are in a battle for the soul of the nation. And of course, Donald Trump is the only stoking, is only stoking fears for votes.


And I. Now Meanwhile, And I And I like how he kept, how he reminded people that Donald Trump shot down that border bill. Which is something that I don't think Democrats speak a lot of people speak to enough. No, I don't think they speak to that enough. That the fact that there was a You know bipartisan border bill on the table, that Donald Trump literally said, no, do not pass. 'cause it will give President Biden a, a, a victory in the White House. Wait till I get in to pass it. So meanwhile, former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, she hit the stage for the DNC in Chicago on Monday. She re she received quite the standing ovation. It was like crazy. I've never seen that type of support on a public stage for her. Of course, she spoke about former President Trump as well. And she said that Harris is the right choice for the White House.


Let's hear more from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Something is happening in America. You can feel it. Something we've worked for and dreamed of for a long time. Donald Trump fell asleep at his own trial and when he woke up, he made his own kind of history. The first person to run for president with 34 felony convictions as commander in Chief Kamala won't disrespect our military and our veterans. By the way, you all are never gonna make me feel bad about voting for Hillary Clinton.


Okay? I voted for her in 2016. We had her up here on The Breakfast Club twice that year. I don't regret it in any way, shape or form. I thought she gave a fantastic speech last night. And she's also the reason we need to stop saying America won't vote for a woman. You know, I've, I've said that a bunch of times myself. But then you think about it, she had what, 65 plus million votes Popular vote. Yeah. 2016. Yep. Over two point the Popular vote. 7 million more of the popular vote than Donald Trump. Yep. America is willing Yep. To goddamn vote. Vote. Yeah. Who tried to make you feel bad for voting for her? Really? Yeah. That was another one in my household that you didn't have a choice. And We thought she was willing. We actually went to her victory party. Mm. Y'all brought hot sauce.


No, we didn't. Hot, hot sauce. But I mean, I You know I took my daughter 'cause I thought that that took my daughter too to see something historic. Yeah. So dang, y'all was in the party and then it was like, Nope. What? Yeah, We was in there and then you just start seeing people leaving slowly, Shortly. That's crazy. Hillary was, I mean she, it just felt like at the time she wasn't Yeah. Popular. Right. The ride with You. know what I mean? Yeah. It it for Sure. She wasn't popular vote. Not even just, not even just black people, white, white people, people, people just, she wasn't popular, but 65 plus million people did vote for her. That's crazy. Yeah. Well, getting back on the topic of our people. I attended the DNC Black Caucus meeting where a host of officials, including Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett and others were on panels talking about things like misinformation, disinformation, women in leadership, things of that nature as it applies to the black community.


Of course, democratic vice presidential nominee, Tim Walls, he made a surprise appearance during that session. And he talked about white people not being concerned with the black community until it's time to vote. Now, my favorite speaker was the headliner of that session. Dr. Michael Eric Dyson. Yes. He headlined the black caucus meeting at the DNC yesterday and he said he wanted to make two points. So let's hear more from Dyson. First of all, for those who are mad that Kamala is, is a prosecutor or was a prosecutor, you heard the congresswoman already say, we got neighborhoods where we depend upon the intervention of the police state in order to preserve some kind of dignity.


We not trying to celebrate lawlessness. We just want the cops when they show up to understand that we are American citizens and don't be shooting us and don't be killing us and don't be murdering us. Number two, some of people are mad 'cause come Lane got a black man, you had a chance to put a ring on it. You didn't. The white boy stood up. Right? And I. Ooh. Now don't, now don't now don't go reminding us of that. Now. Michael Eric Dyson. Now Michael. Mike. Mike Michael is a generational wordsmith, by the way. They he definitely had the words, the alliterations. It was a beautiful thing. And I mean. The, the crowd definitely went wild on that note. And as you guys mentioned, of course speaking at the DNC New York Congresswoman, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, South Carolina Congressman Jim Clyburn, Marilyn Representative Jamie Raskin, Jasmine Crockett, Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear, Raphael Warnock representative Raphael Warnock.


Senator Chris Konz. Jill Biden spoke. She took the stage and m and Mickey Guyton performed. I love me. A black country music artist. So You know, I think that was super Dope. I I want salute representative Jamie Raskin in Maryland too. Salute to him for calling out that Donald Trump Supreme Court justices may try to steal the election if folks don't come out You know and, and, and vote in the landslide. I thought that was really good. And also too, i I sl to my guy Michael Eric Dyson. I love Michael Eric Dyson. I don't think the interracial thing is as big a deal as people make it outside of Twitter. Like I think that's some social media noise that You know, I don't even think should be addressed really in the real world. I don't think people, you saying that care like that. Oh, you, I'm surprised you're saying that. I don't, I mean, I, I believe in black love, but I don't, I don't care who you choose to love.


I like seeing black men with black women, but I'm not sitting around tripping. Alright. You know. Yeah. We're not gonna Not go for her 'cause she got away me. Exactly. Well, period. I'm not. Okay. So, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A and make sure you're checking out the Black Information Network as well. We've got your news coverage and live updates from the DNC. Make sure you download that free iHeartRadio app and listen@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Thank you Morgan. All right, well we come back. Tyrese will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is holding it down. Jess is on maternity leave and we got a special guest in the building To Good brother Tyrese Gibbs. Tyrese is here. Good morning, sir. It's funny now, man. Other than your gray beard, man. Gro papa. We've grown Tyree. What's what's funny, Papa, I bet you won't let your face your head groan you right. Well, well fellas, I have to go. I I just wanted to stay with Ty. Wait, wait, hold on. You dis disrespect. I don Disrespect. Tyree Tyreese had a grown man conversation earlier Today. I was about to say he about to throw one at me and walk outta here. He had A grown man conversation before on off air and, and You know we, we spoke like men.


But I have to go, but I don't want him to feel disrespectful that I'm leaving. If we Got a conversation, think disrespect why I think it is too. I told You I gotta go Before. Can y'all have one interview where y'all don't disrespect each other? This ain't much. Like why Envy? I told them envy. Yes sir. I love you. If I would be okay and not feel disrespected about envy leaving because this, this interview is pretty important. Okay. Alright. Everybody wanna see us? Okay. But they definitely tuned in right now. Okay. For a beige fella, right? Okay. I just want you to say these words, envy before you leave. Oh boy. Beautiful. Pain is the most important r and b album in 2024. I haven't heard it yet. Why you motherfucker, you got a point. You hear it Tyre?


That's son heard it gonna Say heard. He, I I I want to believe I sent him at least a couple pieces and you did. You got 'em too. Okay. Yeah. You sure? I've definitely heard some music. You, I'll just be wondering why they taking so long. Like you've been sitting on this album for a while. It's called Being Independent. It's called Money Up, money Down Being Grown and Dealing with Seven Lawsuits Getting in the way of all kind of shit that I wanted to do. But we here now and now Envy is leaving. Well We just seen Lee Daniel and y'all were talking about Teddy Pendergrass. Is that gonna happen? Because you were saying make sure that You know you, you you really wanna do that movie. So, so break that down. Is that gonna Happen? So, so what I explained to him was, Lee Daniels is born and raised in Philly.


He was here with Audra Day. My fellow Capricorn. And Lee has a specific commitment to telling stories from the legends and icons from the grounds of Philadelphia. I'm not going to be disparaging 'cause we ain't finna get no more calls about, oh, he said this about true be told there was a lawsuit filed. And I did not win the lawsuit or Oh, or not not win. I did not have the lawsuit to work in my favor because I've been on this journey to do Teddy Pendergrass for literally 14 years long before Teddy married his current widow. Right? And I. Again, I have still respect for her, but when you are doing a film with someone who does not have any experience respectfully in Hollywood, they don't know the process of writing and rewriting and trying to figure out like how do you tell the best story?


You cannot do a Teddy Pendergrass movie that has him quadriplegic for the whole movie because nobody's gonna watch that movie. The movie was never cradle to the grave. Meaning from the moment he was born to the moment he passed and his wife who is incredible, I've seen her passion and love for this man, which is why I don't want to be disrespectful, but she was in his life, You know the last four years of his life and the movie that myself and Lee Daniels wanted to tell did not include that piece of the life that they had together. Mm. It was from this period to that period. And that's the movie and the story that we wanted to tell. And like You know as much as I know and want to do as an actor, when Lee Daniels in the driver's seat as a genius that he is as a filmmaker, he is even I knew how to shut the and get out the way.


Absolutely. Like I was not involved in the day-to-day of the script and the process. 'cause you don't want to piss Lee off for making him feel like you're micromanaging the process. Am I here to do what I'm here to do? You show up and you ready to do Teddy. Okay. So at the end of the day, I didn't think it was fair and it all fell apart. Warner Brothers lead Daniels Tyrese. This man told me you're the only person in The World that could ever play me. So what Teddy told you that personally, 100%. Wow. There's nobody else on this, on this earth that I would ever trust. And he said, You know the reason why you gonna play me is because you never wanted to be me. I can't stand motherfuckers out here trying to copy me. You sing your ass off and you been doing you this whole time.


And I want you, And I know You the only one that could tell the story. So as you could imagine if something or anybody's getting in the way of that, and we got a Lee Daniels from Philly born and raised and all of that. So, so that's, that's what you just heard. I basically just said the Lee in Jesus name we're still gonna make this movie. He said don't let it go. Don't let it go. Don't stop the fight. And, I'm gonna tell you right now that there is no other version of the Teddy Pendergrass package that's better than this package. So I may have sued and lost the lawsuit, but so if, if Somebody does make that phone call and it happens right? In a perfect world, like how do y'all move forward From that? We already got the script done babe. Not the script, but I I mean like, just as people and like now you have all this in the media and the lawsuit or whatever, it's like, Did you just see what happened with me and Envy?


So y'all gonna sit down and have a conversation? You Seen what just happened with me and Envy, right? Yeah. So you open to it. Okay. We supposed to be bare knuckle right here. Cracking. I already told him y'all wasn't doing that. Yeah, But we we said we wasn't doing that. Yeah. And me and Charlamagne said, we not doing that. Me and Envy said we not doing that. So if everybody tuning in ready for war, where's the war? That's right. We grown ass men. And and guess what? We all felt and feel and went about all of this the way we did. There's actions, there's reactions, it went to whatever level. But I'm a grown ass man. And at the end of the day he is too. And that man is too. So I really believe in Jesus' name first of all, I'll say this, not despite anybody, we can't make Teddy Pendergrass about any of us.


His story is history and it belongs to The World and there's nobody else in The World that could do that but me. Y'all seen the beard. What Was that about and why, why you hold it onto the, why did it go into the Star Spangled Banner situation? I tell you because my, the guy, first of all shout out to, to my barber, I literally flew a man from Texas. We found him a year ago online. And he, his process takes about five hours. And I did not want to do anything from Hollywood because first of all, there's a lot of white people are the makeup artists and they don't even know nothing about this black texture. So that's why you got my out here looking real crazy when they put on fake beards and movies or whatever. First of all, I'm an actor and if anybody can get away with putting on prosthetics and fake this and fake that, it would be me.


Now when you go and do all that fake in real life, we gotta ask some real goddamn questions. But I have never had facial hair like that in my life. I got a hold of what I believe is the best person that could do that to make it look real and believable. And I literally went full on for my wildflower. Not a video or short film. It was casted by Robbie Reed who did levels of like Malcolm X. Like this is a real movie. It, it would be disrespectful, the call of the music video. And so I went all out my whole album. Beautiful Pain. Rumor has it, the year 2024 is coming. I've been in the year 1968 for the last almost four years. You said 2024 is coming.


Rumor has it that we're still gonna be alive in 2024. I have been in the year 1968. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Working on this beautiful paint album. Got you. Because when I was working on my album, there was no such thing as Luther Vandross featuring Curtis Blow. Mm. There was no such thing as Marvin Gaye featuring run DMC. It was never. I want to Tell you baby, the chance I've been going through been, I've been Working on team chances. I've been going through with the team. There was no such thing. Okay. Grown ass man with just r and b records that did not feature hip hop. So that's what I did. I got 20 songs they live and there was nothing about.


Hibernation Season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel, and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try Nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus, what if your products had thousands of fivestar reviews where natural and affordable? Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty co.com code. Get dime for 20% off.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TVs, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


What I did in my wildflower video that had anything to do with me looking like Jodi baby boy, Roman Pierce, none of the, Hmm. I had to become the person that I envisioned myself becoming. Yeah. The bell bottom shoes, the pants and them platform shoes. That was this thick, worst I've ever experienced in my life. I like the commitment. Well, the thing, and it was a good promo. Well, it, it was promo in my mind because I'm, I'm pretty methodical when, when I can be, it don't always land, but it lands. All right. We got more with Tyrese when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club was still kicking it with Tyrese. Lauren la is filling in for Jess Tyrese is in the building. Lauren, You keep saying that the, that it didn't land.


What didn't land? Like what are you referring to? Are you talking about when you were singing the Star Spangled Band? Yeah, when I was singing the national anthem, it landed. But I was saying that not everything that I, I'm, I'm very method. I'm a Capricorn. So we think and we strategize and we calculate And. I was saying that not everything that we calculate will always land. Gotcha. But everything about what I did landed And you didn't sound bad. I was like, well, he don't sound bad singing. Now let's not do that. Well, listen, y'all all jokes aside, wildflower is available worldwide. It just went live on all the streaming platforms. You already know this song. You love this song. We grew up on this song. I would've never heard this song A day in my life. Lemme tell y'all something.


Imagine me little boy. Long before I ever knew I could sing. My mom was an alcoholic. 27 years. May God rest her soul. She died two years ago. 2022 of all day, she give birth to a r and b singer and she dies on Valentine's Day. Oh, wow. Okay. Two girls, two boys. I'm the last one. I'm the baby boy officially. So imagine long before I ever knew I could hold a note as my mama is drinking, talking about she ain't just like sipping. My mama was full on the soundtrack that helped her to drink even more was r and b Soul Music. I don't really know no other version of r and b. Like, I don't know nothing about Lil Taytay. Lil Ray. Lay little, little. Say, say, listen.


What's your name? SISs again? Lauren. And how old are you? If. you don't Mom. 32. You. 32. Lemme tell you something. I'm 45 years old. My voice is deep. This got gray facial hair. A wife at home family. That's right. If I ever look out in the audience and see a 16-year-old with purple hair and black fingernails uploading a TikTok video on my mother audience, I would literally get him removed. Why? Damn Tyree all that. Why? What If? you appreciate the old school. I'm grown vibes, but this just, I'm trying to, I'm trying to make y I'm listen, you go ahead. I'm gonna listen. I'm trying to make y'all understand that us as grown men and grown women, we are losing sight of the reality of what this is.


Because we out here thirsty and desperate trying to appeal to kids. I I'm not, I'm not against that. I'm a grown ass man. I don't want none of you young in my audience anyway. As a matter of fact, my album is so grown. I'm about to put out an album that's gonna help make your baby sister, damn. Your baby brother's coming because of me. I'm post pandemic in a be jacket grown. Okay? I'm selling out. And your mama going to be in the audience when she puts your ass asleep. Ain't gonna leave you at home with a nanny. Now listen, I don't disagree with nothing you're saying, but what If you, because you are an international movie star as well. I got it. Ain't talking about that guy. So what about these youngins who might see Fast Furious and realize they need to go see the Fast and the Furious, but then they say, oh, he does music too.


So then they go in, they listen to the music and they're like, I like this. They are welcome. What I'm saying to you is you not gonna, you're not gonna cater to the TikTok. I'm 45 years old. Yeah, we get you. I go to clubs that say 21 and Older. What the fuck? Who is you? Hips Go to sleep. Listen, r and b, all of the r and b singers out here, we know what verses did for all of our careers. All you record labels can't stand you. Mother fucker. I love you. 'cause you're doing what you gotta do. You gotta pivot. Right? When things change, things change. I'm not bitter And, I'm not mad. Y'all losing sight. I've been, I've been out of a deal over two years because these s is pulling out the YouTube views and they said, Lord Tay mattered in a legend named Tyrese goofy ass.


How does that make you feel? We are exhausted with auto tune. We are exhausted with, with motherfucker out here who are not singing, who's not coming from the soul. If y'all want us to believe that all these women out here selling out arenas talking about, I don't need you. I'm independent. I could do bad by myself. If, you think they not going home to a husband. You are the most confused generation period. Y'all seen what happened with Ciara Summer Walker, I Eko or this or that, and all these different women out here who keep going and bashing men in they songs. Jasmine Sullivan, Mary j Blige, If, you want to sell out arenas. They not buying love right now.


They don't want to hear about how much you love your husband that you're actually going home to. These women ain't going home by they self. Okay? I bust the windows out your car and after I bust the windows out his car, I'm calling you because where away? I'm going home because I love you. And I. I hate that we even took to that level. That's what my album is. Now listen, I would love to take up the rest of this interview time, 1992 and talk about my ex, but I'm not gonna do that. Don't do that. Don't even do it. It's not 1992. Just listen to what I'm saying. I got plenty of interviews out there with the whole world, hearing the details of my heart about how I am still trying to figure out who, what, and how this all happened. But I'm also gonna say to y'all that this album, including my new relationship, has helped me to discover the beauty in my pain.


Wow. Okay. That's why the album is called Beautiful Pain 20 songs Total. It's All live. We got a song on this album called Bedroom Bully. Lemme tell you something, I'm pregnant right now. I did want to ask you one question though. Yes. Beautiful pain. We know what the album is about. Yeah. When you see things And I don't want you to talk about your ex. I'm just, this is a music question. Yes. When your ex does go out there and and, and continue to say things, does it make you go to the studio and rewrite, write more? What does it do? Because I know that's, I know that's how you've been channeling all that. None of the things that she has been saying, if I'm being honest, it's irritating. Okay. It's annoying. I don't know who this person is.


I wish I did. None of her friends know who she is. I don't know who she is. And I. Think we've already addressed that and unpacked that. What I will say is I didn't really need any other motivator because If, you would've put on some 3D glasses. I'm sitting here in the Bay jacket and I'm still on fire about the confusion in and around my entire thing crashing and burning. Now, pride and ego's supposed to say, you look good. You got money. You dried this. You living that. Your square footage is that. You got a new love. You got a new love. So here's the other narrative that, that women, I, I love y'all, but it's, it's amazing to me. Does that mean Jasmine Sullivan still want to be with her ex because she released a song, talk about busting windows out her car.


Hmm. Does Mary j Blige want to get back with Ken do because she has done a bunch of interviews and released a bunch of songs, venting and talking and expressing her thoughts, feelings, and sentiment about a marriage that ultimately didn't work because You feel like people think you wanted It fucked up. For y'all to keep telling me that I want, I lust, I desire, I want, I have not talked to this woman. I have not secretly done a lunch, a dinner if she were to post screenshots right now of her phone since she left me. Now, there was some begging and pleading and trying to understand when we first broke up. But the moment that that divorce paperwork came in with $20,000 a month for a eight month old attached, I said, okay, I got what's going on now.


I don't like it, but I can't unsee what I saw. And I can't UNFI what I feel. So at the end of the day, I'm now in a studio working on an album that on to everybody else but me. You think I wanna sing these goddamn songs? See some of y'all out here. Y'all break up with somebody in three weeks and y'all selling out arenas and y'all are confusing popularity with what? What matters? You microwave ass mother ain't gonna be here five years. All we got more with Tyrese when we come back. Let's get into his joint. Wild Flower. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Tyrese Lauren.


So it sounds like you, I mean, you're in a good space about a lot of stuff. You brought up mental health earlier. Like where are you right now with everything? Mental health wise, I have never been in a better place in my life. Good to hear that. I take anxiety medicine. That's one milligram. It's called Ativan. Changed my life. I've never taken any other version of anxiety medicine. Most of y'all s out here taking anxiety medicine don't really actually have anxiety. You just want to be high because your favorite rapper mentioned it. Every three bars I've learned to get massages. I love that. I live in a cul-de-sac where there's no cars, no people in no movement. Because my version of hitting the reset button is when I get away from everything and everybody.


That may make some people sad and depressed. But when I get to be alone is when I am at my best. And I. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta close this out by talking about the movie because I have to. But I want to say this in in closing, 1992. I wanna show this. I wanna say this in closing about beautiful pain. This is the only album that belongs on vinyl. You go to tyree.tv to pre-order, kids go to sleep. It's grown. I know. Hear me to my ex. You, me up. But God, God had this to happen for a reason. Because what I gave birth to and this album and this music never existed before that.


What I just gave birth to never existed before Zellie. I got a song called Rescue because she was my rescue. God sent this woman in my life in the midst of all of my mess. It's not in everybody's cause to be alone while you're going through a broken heart. That's how people kill themselves. It's not about let me wait until I heal. And. I. Take my healing journey out. A hundred percent. Get off the internet. When you groan and you understand the beauty of companionship, friends, family, loved ones, and somebody that you sharing time with, could put a smile on your face when you can't put a smile on your own face. Zellie, I love you and I'm sorry I had to do so many interviews talking about my ex, but I love you. It's been four years and you have changed my life.


You are my rescue. God sent you in my life to be something that never existed before you got there. You never asked to be there. I was supposed to be married and do this with her. She made her choice. Beautiful pain. It drops on the same day as 1992. Your movie Friday, August 30th. Rest in peace to Ray Liotta. 1992. April 29th, the Rodney King verdict. Not comparing tragedies. This was our September 11th. September 11th. Hear me out. We're not talking about comparing the tragedies. I hear what you're saying, but I I just, it was a terrorist attack. I would, I would liken Rodney King more sort of like a George Floyd situation. Police officers are terrorists.


When you got 17 white men pulling out their batons and beating the shit they killed, this man brought him back to life. They killed this man. We've seen terrorism. Domestic terrorism. You right. Okay. Okay, so we got it. We not talking about airplanes and God bless all of the loss. I'm not comparing tragedies. This was our September 11th on the West Coast. Prior to that, it was the 1965 riots. Okay. That the President of United States sent Dr. Martin Luther King to Watts. Before I was born and Watts and raised and became successful, my city Watts was only known for the 1965 Watts riots. The movie 1992 is about a heist.


Ray Liotta, Scott Eastwood, they decided while the whole world is distracted, everything is burning. Everybody's looting, rioting and burning LA the down. Let's go in this warehouse and steal 50 platinum bars outta this mother safe. Right? And do a heist. And you have never in your life seen this many white people in a south central LA movie. 1992 is my South Central Fast and the Furious. And Ray passed in 2022. Right? Ray passed away and this is the last piece of art he left The World with. And it is the most uncomfortable performance you'll ever see from Ray Liotta. Wow. Re you deal with a lot of grief. Like I think about You know Brother Paul Walker, And, I. Think about John, single Ray John Singleton your mother.


Divorce, divorce, divorce. Both of my sisters don't look at that. Your sisters people don't look at divorce as grief. But you did. You lose things. You know you probably lost a lot of friends when you went through your, your mental health breakdown. Are you really, really, really, have you really taken the time to, to deal with all of that grief? Or do you just try to stay busy to avoid? I'm doing the best I can with every 24 hours I get. That's it. Get some tissue for brother. Nah, I don't need no tissue. Black men cry. That's right. You know tissue. Every 24 hours I get, I'm doing the best I can. Beautiful pain. 1992. There is no square footage I could ever live in.


There was no rims. No jewelry at no car. There is no net worth. There is no press release. There was no CoStar. There is no collaboration in The. World. I could ever replace my mama. I could ever feel the void of what it's like to wake up and get married and want to be in something for the rest of your life. And it goes away. You are Making me cry. Tyree some tissue. Ya. I don't need no tissue. Andrew, us man. Yeah. Oh man. I love you too. You've been holding, do you understand how much power it is and letting it go? Yeah. 'cause you've been holding it the whole interview. I've been watching You. Okay. You asked me the question. I did, but I mean, I'm still, I'm giving you some shit. You should have never asked the question. I love you If. you didn't want to See. I love you brother. I love you. I love you. How hard it's been to get through.


I love you. I love you black man. Okay. Do you not cry? Absolutely. You might not bring it to the radio. Absolutely. Absolutely. But this is what being grown is. Thank you brother. Black men cry when divorces happen. Women aren't the only ones that are devastated when a miscarriage happens. Women are not the only one that you should be checking on when you can't put food on the table because your career goes up and then it goes down. Stop calling, skipping over the man and just checking on the woman. This is real shit out here. I'm gonna wipe my own tears. Makeup Messing up my makeup. Tyrese. I love you sis. When you do things from the heart, it affects hearts.


That's what beautiful pain is. Y'all might outsell me the first week I made a classic. Some of the most legendary movies in The. World didn't do well in the box office. Baby boy bombed. Do your research. Is it a classic? Absolutely. Yeah. Is baby boy classic? Hell yeah. People didn't even know who the fuck I was as a actor when that movie came out. Maybe boy, the only reason BET is BET still got a network on. Praise God. If the movie bombed in the box office, why is it the only movie that they still playing on BET every day? Don't confuse data and numbers and popularity with the reality of what affects hearts. I'm a grown ass man and I'm gonna tell y'all something about 1992 as well as the Mass singer when I did that show.


Praise God for Nick Canton. Shout out to him. I was really a mass singer. Mm mm mm. I needed that mask so bad. Mm. Wow. I needed that money from that show so bad. I didn't have it in me to go stand on that stage and sing and praise God. I had a mask on. 'cause while I was on stage singing, if they had seen my face under that mask. Right. If it all ends for me tomorrow, I never sold you on fake. None of this jewelry on my arm is real. Don't love me because of no diamonds. This bracelet right here. Look real as a mother. $23 on Amazon. You say it look Real. Nothing. Hear me out. I ain't think You look real.


It don't look fake. Right. If. you out here getting fake vagina over your fake jury. Reality is reality. I'm good. I don't lose no sleep. Yeah. Over trying to win the popularity contest from showing up with all this jury that I'm gonna leave on a nightstand and have a housekeeper to say, I don't know. I'm sure you don't know. I'm sure You know. I don't know. We looked everywhere. I'm sure you looked everywhere. That motherfucker retired two weeks later. Oh, tyres. New album. Beautiful paint in store. Ty tv everywhere you scream music. August 30th. Own a piece of history.


1992. 92 film. It's a double vinyl Aida. Ty TV 1992. We making history. Tyree Darnell Gibson. I love you brother. Don't run from your grief brother. It's The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just Larry Shene the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Salute to Tyrese for pulling up man. And the Lauren loves this song. Million Dollar Baby. Yeah, she was. I told her any song that makes her throw her hands in the ass, she shouldn't listen to you. Stupid. What? What? Sexy Rab be having me like You know. You know. He's talking your hands in the air because of 'cause of what? Nothing. Oh. Alright. Well let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. You music real Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying.


She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So Danielle Official, who is, I think I said her last name right? Topanga from Boy Meets World, revealed yesterday on her podcast pod meets world that she actually has recently been diagnosed with breast cancer. No. He would like to share something with our listeners. I was recently diagnosed with DCIS, which stands for Ductal Carcinoma in C two, which is a form of breast cancer.


It is very, very, very early. It's technically stage zero and I'm gonna be fine. I'm having surgery to remove it. Mm. I'm gonna be on some, some follow-up treatment. And the only reason I'm sharing it is because a lot of people like to save sharing their experiences until they've come out on the other side of it. So that they're able to say, here's here's the pretty picture of it all. Here's what I've learned. The end. End of the story. Right. The end of the story. Right. Right. But the place you have the most to learn from is at the very beginning of a story or in the very messy middle of a story. Well I'm glad she caught it early. I know. Yes, Absolutely.


And I was gonna make that point. Like even though she's basically, 'cause even like when you look up the the DCIS that she talks about, it does classify the stage zero. I didn't even know there was a stage zero of cancer. I thought it was just one before. I Didn't know that. Yeah, I didn't know that either. Yeah. So when I was looking it up, I'm like, wow. So they were able to, you can still detect it even though it stays zero through like the regular screenings and all that good stuff. So that is important to be doing. But I thought it was an interesting point that she brought up when she said originally she was only gonna talk about it once she came out of it. Most people, when it deals with cancer, anything serious illness wise, that's what they do. So for her to get on her platform and do that, I think You know gives people who are probably going through it actively. Right. Like some hope of like, okay. But That's, that's also why we say you have to go to the doctor because things like that you could detect early and, and hopefully get it outta your system as early as possible.


I know we talked with Charlamagne and myself talk about men going to the doctor, but women need to go to the doctor as well. A lot of times in our community we'd be like, ah nah, we not going to the doctor. I don't want to go or Nah, I don't wanna do that. Shoot. Not the women. That doesn't seem right. We need to go to the doctor. We need to make sure we continue to go to the doctor, Not the women. The women be on point. It'd be us. That'd be slacking. But I, I'll say this too, You know a lot of times you don't want to tell people what you're going through because you don't want to deal with all those opinions and comments and criticism. It traumatizes You. Yes. You are already dealing with a lot. So you're trying to keep You know you're trying to stay optimistic. If, you Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof.


Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive can all prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo State Farm Insurance gets it.


Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest.


But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered.


You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com. Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results.


Plus what of your products had thousands of five star reviews we're natural and affordable? Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars.


Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty co.com code. Get dime for 20% off. Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe. Setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TVs, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


You got A bunch of people in your ear. Yes. You know, telling you negative things. You be like, ah, I'm gonna keep, I'm gonna keep y'all out. My business You know a hundred percent. I went through that with my mom and I'm a big sharer and my mom wanted to document what she was going through because we had dealt with so much drama from doctors and she just wanted people to know, like this does happen in real life. People always talk about black women, older black women going to the doctors and what happens. And she's like, no, I need people to know. Like this is not just something that they talk about for clicks online. And then once it got serious, I just stopped posting it stopped whatever. I had a friend reach out to me and say, don't re-Traumatize yourself. And. I had to do it. Like people would call you and and talk about something that you already got through. It was a lot like, right. So yeah, so You know. I was gonna say shout out to her, but more so meaning like Yeah.


Wishing her well. Wishing her well. Yeah. Through Danielle sending her healing energy flu through her, her husband, my man Jensen Karp slew to both of them, man. Sending y'all nothing but healing energy. You wishing y'all the best. Right. So Ice, ice decided to get on X and address some rumors. There have been rumors that Ice, ice was taking Ozempic because she's recently appeared at a completely different weight. Lost a lot of weight. I actually keep on here to talk about that real quick. 'cause I was like, I don't, I wish y'all never learned the word ozempic. That's one thing I wish. No, They learned it and haven't stopped saying it since everybody is on the Oh my God. Like what even is Ozempic?


What the, is that like genuinely? What is that bro? They Don't even know. They just like heard other people saying they don't want to stop saying it Like you Lazy has never heard of a gym. It's called the gym. It's called Eating Healthy. It's called being on tour. Like what the hell it was Was sitting home all day. It'd be easier to stay big. So was she losing weight? The ice is melting. No, for real. She lost. So If, you look at older videos of her 'cause she has like this little twerk that she does and she bends over every time she's performing. So fans started comparing that from like last year's rolling loud and all of that to where she is now because she's posted videos with her new weight loss and people were like, yo, she lo she did lose a lot of weight.


She still looks good though. But every time the weight conversation comes up, especially with celebrities, I'm always a little like weary because it's like you never know people going through, the first Thing people gonna say is with zip Epic. And that's the same with comedian LilRel. He was like, no, I worked for this. There, there is no asy. I went to the gym. I eat don't take don't, don't take that from me. But that's the sad thing people gonna say. But In our era, our era was AIDS and crack. Okay, If, you started losing weight That you're Right. It Was coming with that At at least they giving it the weight loss. Yeah, you're right. Our A our era was aids. Aids and crack. Okay, come around here losing weight. If, you want to Right. Okay. They, they, she said, I wish y'all never learned a word Ozempic.


It's a lot of words that people are upset that people learned more. Ozempic aint that bad. But when Charlamagne say like that If, you lost weight when we would've younger. You either Had aids or Crack or you was doing crack. That's right. Well, you lost a lot of weight envy from your old pictures. You was doing crack. I didn't lose that much weight. I was skinny. I was always skinny. I seen some pictures of you. You was a little puffy face. Oh, I mean well He had the surgery though. He had the nose job. When you mean when his nose was a little plump on like just throwing old face. I thought you had the stomach surgery. He had cheek implants and then he got the the nose drop. Okay. And then you tell me what your face, what did you Do? Dermatology? No, that's A chemical pills, laser. Y'all been up here talking up all the games. He got the same thing as Michael Jackson. Chemical peel. Skin Bl skin bl don't like a browning bleach skin.


They said you got the Tyrese tape ons for the brows. No, these I, I've always had. These are fantastic eyebrows. That's God. Now don't don't. That's all God glow by God that you already know. Period. Okay. Don't Don't do that to already. Don't do that. Tolo by God. That's a lie. That is a lie. That's just with the mess. That's just with the mess. Lalo Osa. All right. Yes. Charlamagne. Yes. The fake eyebrows who you gimme a donkey to before After the hour, there's a woman named Veronica Gas who needed to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with her. She might be the reason people stop going to couples therapy. But we'll discuss. All right, we'll get to that. Nexus. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. You are checking out The. Breakfast. Club.


Don't be out here acting like a donkey. Ke high bitch ke high. It's time for Donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take it If. you feel I deserve it? Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne and Guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say out his mouth. If, you gotta say something you May not agree with. Doesn't Mean, I'm mean who's getting that donkey? That donkey that Don Don Don Don. Donkey donkey of the day right here at The. Breakfast Club. Bitches. You can call me the donkey of the day. But like I mean no harm You. know donkey today for Tuesday, August 20th goes to a woman from Minnesota named Veronica Gas. Now if You know anything about your uncle Charlotte and You know I got a few screws loose. You also know that. Yes. Shut up. You also know that I'm a big proponent of doing everything I have to do in order to get those screws tightened.


Okay? I'm a huge mental health advocate. Yes. I encourage people, especially black men to go to therapy are just to get on some type of healing journey. Okay? One form of therapy that is great for those of us in relationships is couples therapy dropping a clues, bombs for couples therapy. Okay? What is couples therapy exactly? It's simple. Couples therapy is a form of psychotherapy that can help you and your partner improve your relationship. All right, If, you are having relationship difficulties. You can seek couples therapy to help rebuild your relationship. Psychologists say couples therapy can address a wide range of relationship issues, including recurring conflicts, feelings of disconnection and affair issues related to sex are just difficulties due to stress.


Okay? If, you and your partner are going through a rough patch. Couples therapy can help you work on your relationship. Your therapist can help you express your feelings, discuss issues with your partner, and resolve conflicts. All right? Couples therapy is good. All right? It can help increase understanding, respect, affection, and intimacy between you and your partner, which can help you be happier together. I'm just saying this for those who don't know because a lot of times we hear the phrase couples therapy but don't know what it is. Okay? It's more than just you and your significant other getting up and going to see the lady. Okay? They also got the same types of couples therapy that you can get in one-on-one sessions like CBT, right? Cognitive behavioral therapy, emotionally focused therapy. So I'm all for it, okay? I believe that it can be a major key to a healthy relationship.


Hell, as I talk, I'm like, shoot, why not go do a couple sessions with the wife my damn self? Not because anything is wrong, but because we want everything to keep going. Right? Okay. It's like don't wait until the doctor tells you that you're sick to change your diet. Don't wait until you look down and can no longer see your penis to start working out. Let's do preventive maintenance now. Okay? You know because You know you might get to a point where it's a little too late. Now this happens in real life. You stop drinking when your liver is already done. Some people are obese and You know they have the massive heart, heart attack and die too late to start eating, eating right and exercising then. And that's what I feel happened in the case of Veronica Gas. Okay? See, Veronica and her boyfriend, they were off to see the wizard. By wizard, I mean therapists, okay?


They were on the way to couple's therapy and they had an argument that morning. And I'm gonna tell you right now, I'm about to gaslight you. So this is another example of why women are the problem. See, this man wanted to go see the lady with his woman Veronica. He was trying to make it work. She's arguing with him in the morning. They on the way to go see the witch. They are on the way to couples therapy. I'm not making this up. They're on the way to see the wizard. Veronica stops in the middle of the lane and forced her boyfriend to exit the car. 'cause she decided right then and there, she didn't even wanna go see the lady. She just wanted to break up with him. So he did. As asked, he got out the car.


And when he got out the car and passed the front of the car, the walk to the sidewalk, the Pam made eye contact. So guess what she decided to do? Hit him. Hit the damn gas girl, hit the gas and then hit him. We did. Okay. They was just arguing and she decided she wanted to break up. So she asked him to get out the car. So he got out the car. The argument stemmed from somewhere though. We don't just and See victim blaming. That's right. You see what I'm saying? Toxic. What's wrong with toxic? Toxic Blame? I'm an investigative journalist trying to get to the bottom of it. All I hear is victim blaming. Okay? The man rolled over the hood of the car and shattered the window. Damn. And then hold on. It gets worse. He Better pay for it. Veronica lies to police and tells police she didn't see her boyfriend, but then eventually admitted to police that she hit him on purpose.


Damn mind you, they only been together for a year. Mm, they were shacking up. That's right. Now you got your mouth open. Now you on the, man, I can't Believe that you said only a year. That's 12 months of her life. How old is she? 30. He tried to take the best years of her Thirties. They were shacking up living together for a year, and they already in therapy and she already tried to kill him. Now she's facing second degree assault, criminal vehicular operation, bodily harm, gross negligence and domestic assault. All that for a year relationship. I mean, damn, is that even enough time to really ruin a woman's pH balance? Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I've been around long enough to know that Ayala couldn't fix this life.


Okay? This man was in a relationship with a toxic cru crusader. Okay? If y'all in therapy, she tried to kill you already and it's only been a year, then you shouldn't be going to therapy. You should be packing your stuff up and going home. Or if she's living with you, send her home. Either way, y'all shouldn't be living with each other because If, you are in a relationship and all you do is cry. You need to stop and ask yourself, are you dating a human or an onion? Okay, now I'm gonna close with this. Couple's therapy won't work. If, you haven't addressed your individual issues. Sometimes individual issues can overshadow relationship problems. Okay? Unresolved trauma, personal mental health issues, addiction, You know daddy issues, mommy issues.


They can and will have a huge impact on a partnership. And couples therapy will be less effective if these underlying issues are not addressed. The reason couples therapy wouldn't have worked for Veronica and her man is simple. It's because Veronica actually needed an exorcism. Please give Veronica gas the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, now the of the day of the day, he That poor brother, poor brother. Poor, poor, poor man. I feel Bad for him. Oh, now you feel bad.


You feel bad for him after you just said, what did he do after he got hit by Car? I was waiting for you to cape. No, I feel bad for him 'cause he got paid for that windshield. Wow. See? Wow. Because Why are they arguing? See, what was the arguing about? Who does it Matter? He got, she Ran him over with a car. Clearly something she did. How do You know that though? How can you just imply that You know? If there's a guy listening right now and they were thinking about kicking it to you, they have to think, damn, I wonder if Lauren would hit me with a car. And. I want, don't nobody wanna be in a relationship with that on you. I Want everything about me to give. She would don't play with her. Damn. Because why? To get that, man, you hit somebody with a car. What were they arguing about? He had to have a baby on the way. All right. You wanna play a game? Yes. Let's play a game of yes.


What racing Let go. All right. A woman from Minnesota from a town called Otter. Ottertail. Ottertail, okay. She was arrested after she struck her boyfriend with her car while the pair was on their way to couple's therapy. DJ Envy. Guess what? Races. It's a tough one. The reason I'm, I'm thinking it's tough because Lauren said this is what she would do. I didn't say that. I just feel for my sis. But she's From Delaware. She's from Delaware. Always keep that in mind when Delaware Is dressing. Whoa. I'll go white. Whoa. White, white, white, white. Okay. Lauren LaRosa. A woman was arrested Veronica after she struck her boyfriend with her car while the pair was on their way to couples therapy.


Lauren LaRosa. Guess what? Racist. At first I was thinking maybe she's Puerto Rican. Why Puerto Rican? I don't know. It just seemed a bit like she reacted really fast, really extensively and like You. know what I mean? So you said Latinos Glad to know you could play about Puerto Rican from The, in the Bronx. She Puerto Rican in the Bronx. She's an Ottertail. Minnesota you said? Yes. Ottertail, Minnesota. I stayed there as a flight attendant. I don't know, I, I feel like, not Ottertail, but in Minnesota. I feel like she could be a, a sister. Just maybe a little light-skinned black, Light skinned, wild, light skinned. She caught Say, what's on your mind Lauren, don't stutter. Go. I like this. She Caught her feelings real fast. Like, oh, Brown skin, say feelings.


Light skinned. I like this. Let's go, Lord, you Say light skinned women in their feelings Because he toxic. He want them trolling me in the commons. Let's Go Lord envy me. And you get to light-skinned world. It's just black. You Don't feel like there's an emotional difference between the two of y'all? No, baby, just get, I just get called out on mine. Oh, okay. All right. Well, I'm just You know. That's how I feel. I dont know. You thinks a light-skinned black. Wow. A light-skinned black Sound like a I Can't be black. We need a drink. Drop this. I like you just threw something. Damn. Just can't be black. Light skinned black. Yeah. A light skinned light. We, yeah, we need a, we need a drink. I thought I just lynched. Like what? Listen, one of you is correct. One of you is wrong. DJ NB, you are absolutely positively correct.


I knew it. Damn Veronica. Caucasian. Light skinned. She a light skinned cousin. We never had. No, She's not light skinned. She's White. Go, Lauren, wait. More skinned people this morning go, oh, stop. What light-skinned man hurt you? I don't even deal with light-skinned men. For real. I had like 0.5 of them. Y'all be doing too much. What Light skinned man hurt you? I had like a point fi a 0.5 of a light-skinned man. It was too much. My light-skinned guy's gotta act dark skinned Lauren If. you don't want to hear him say no more. You stand on that. Damnit, I'm witch. Shout to my light-skinned brothers out there. I don't know what she Thought. Yo envy yo charlamagne at the car show. I walked up on Envy to say bye. He had, it was like a crusade.


It was like 30 Dominican. Damn. Like, I'm like, yo, don't mind had merch in here like it. There's A pack Of pale pigment. No, it was crazy. They were all taking one picture. There was not. There's a pack of pale pigment. There Was no tan. There Were black. There was a brigade be, I Didn't tell you with light skinned dark. There was just black Yo Skinned yellow tan claim. We Had to break that. We had to go to therapy about, because men, you go to therapy together about why light-skinned men. There was no DEI in that photo. Y'all needed some DEI like y'all needed a brown skin friend. Black shoot. Black shoot. Black is black. Shoot. Black is black. No, don't, don't, don't chew. Don't chew. Because when they in my comments you Yeah, I, This whole show, They already think my underarms it be braided like bow wow hair.


So this whole Show is problematic. He said light skinned men look like pit bulls. And you saying you just don't like light. I just, I didn't like em. I And wintertime coming. Y'all about to look like sugar cookies. I enjoy a warm sugar cookie. Don't take that. What? At Wendy's. That's the best thing with the frost. All my light-skinned people don't do that. Just jump in lower Please. No, no. Wait, wait. When we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5. Back Skinned people look like sugar cookies. No, No. We're talking emotional now. Light skinned people are all emotional. My mom is light skinned. We're Talking about Tyrese. When we come back, Tyrese continually mentions his ex's name and people are saying that he's not over her yet.


When we come back, let's open the phone lines. If, you keep mentioning your ex's name. Are you really over her? We ain't got time to play the audio. We'll do when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Daddy calling my phone. It's topic time. Call eight five eight five one oh five one to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess now, Tyrese was here earlier today. Actually, we did this interview on Friday. I wasn't here during the interview, but during the interview he was talking about his ex.


And this is what he said. Now listen, I would love to take up the rest of this interview time, 1992 and talk about my ex, but I'm not gonna do that. Don't do that. Don't, don't even do it. It's not 1992. It's, listen to what I'm saying. None of the things that she has been saying, if I'm being honest, it's annoying. I don't know who this person is. And I'm still on fire about the confusion in and around my entire thing crashing and burning. Now, does Mary j Blige want to get back with Ken Do because she has done a bunch of songs about a marriage that ultimately didn't work Because you feel like people think you wonder About. It is up for y'all to keep telling me that I want, I lust, I desire, I want, the moment that that divorce paperwork came in, I said, okay, I got what's going on now.


I don't like it, but I can't unsee what I saw. And I can't unfill what I feel. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're still discussing your ex, does that mean you're not over them? Start with you, Ms. Lauren LaRosa. I think you can be over your ex and still talk about what you went through. Because sometimes I feel like people don't understand how you dealing with somebody. How long was Tyrese and his ex together? Mm, I think like four or five years I believe. Yeah, I think You know somebody becomes a part of your life and then all of a sudden, like I remember when my breakup happened, it WI kept describing it as like, I felt like somebody died. Like, because it was, it was like you can't pick up the phone and call this person. You have all these memories. You're used to them on your day to day.


So it's just a weird feeling of like, oh shoot. Like there's nothing I can do about this. I Disagree. So you talk through it. I think If, you have somebody else that you moved on with. You shouldn't be thinking about your ex because you have that new person in your life, right? And, I. Think it's kind of disrespectful to that new person in your life. If, you continually talk around about your ex. Now with Tyrese, he's a singer. So if he does songs about love, that's different. But If, you continually talk about your ex outside of Tyrese and you have somebody new. I think you, you, you're not over there. Yeah, I'm not. When I get, listen, when my husband finds me, we not having a conversation that many times about my ex. I won't even be up here talking about it Outta Respect. It ain't gonna be a light-skinned dude. Shout blame. What's your thoughts? I don't know nothing about no damn exes.


I've been with the same woman for 26 years. Did you feel like Tyrese was not over his ex and what he said during the interview? I, I have no idea. I ain't even think about it. I'm be honest with you. You Were here during the interview. Yeah. I wasn't thinking about why you, why you looking at you such Disgust? Because you capping right now. You don't be capping. I not, I promise you. I really was not even thinking about it. I did not because when I, when he said it, I literally was sitting here like, dang, No, don't do, do I, no, I think Tyrese is is completely over his ex. I think he is too. I Just think he's upset over how things, no, forget me. He's not upset over how things ended. He's upset about what she's doing to him now. As far as You know, I guess trying to get spousal support or child support or whatever it is. I don't Know.


And I think that's the thing as well too. 'cause it's like you see people real colors when things end the wrong way and you be like, dang, how did they, like how did this go past me for so long? Yeah. That's what I think bothers him. I don't, I think he's completely over. Let's Go to the phone lines. Hello? Who's this? This is Patrice. Patrice, good morning. Morning. What's your thought? Patrice? So yeah, you definitely not over your ex If, you keep mentioning him because your ex should be blocked and outta mind. But what if your ex is, and I'm just, I'm just saying this, You know and, and talking about Tyrese, what If you if your ex is constantly making videos, talking about you and what if your ex is taking you to court all the time? Because she's trying to get a certain amount of money for, what is it?


Child support. What is child support? Child support. What is it? Oh fuck. She, well, she got it. Tyse said, I'm, I'm, you got it right. Oh yeah. I'm gonna look it up. But she that she won a bunch of money. So they keep talking about each other. Y that's what I see. So, so it's a bunch of kid games being played. So maybe neither one of them is over each other. Maybe. Thank you Patrice. I, maybe it's just the court stuff y'all. You but see y'all are different because y'all, y'all situations, you guys had whatever your issues were and y'all worked it on. Y'all are so together. You guys can't imagine life without the people you're with right now. He thought that he was gonna get to where y'all was at with this woman. Like it's, it's a little different.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scene. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seeing Nissan Towing Guide and Owners manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State. Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have the long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from K Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel, and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Ns. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Time is a luxury for us, especially If. You're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty co.com code. Get dime for 20% off.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV's, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


True And I. Can't imagine going through a whole marriage and all that. And then she, I wake up one day, she done took all her clothes and just left the piano. True. 805 8 5 1 5 1. If, you still mentioning your ex? Are you over them? Let's discuss this. The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess now. If, you just joining us.


We were talking about Tyrese. He was here earlier and talking about his ex and people. We came up with the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are you over your ex If? you continue to talk about him. We got Jill on the line. Jill, good morning. Good morning. What are your, what's your thoughts, Jill? So I think you can be over your ex and over a situation, but you can't talk about where you are today without addressing your past and what you've been through. So he could be over his ex, but just not over the situation or You know, trying to say where he is now in life from that situation. Okay, thank you, Jill. Danny, good morning. Good morning. Good morning, gentlemen, Please.


Danny And Lauren la I'm About to say I'm a woman, but You know. All right. So yeah, You all Okay? Got Danny. Yo. Yeah, So I listened to the, I got something for Lauren too, but, okay. I listen to Tyrese. It's a fact like If, you talking about your ex four years later, it, it, it's, you're obviously not over her, but I, I was in a relationship, a long relationship. And I moved on. Now I'm in a new relationship for many years, but I still have a thing. You know, like every time I see my ex, it's still a ouch You know. Like you feel that. So I understand Tyree Well, I think that also we don't look at, we don't look at divorces as grief.


You know we talked about it in the interview briefly, but it is grief, right? And like You know, they say grief is like the, the, the price you pay for love. You know. So when you lose it, you might still feel a way. Yeah. Yeah. Richard, good morning Richard. What's going on? What's going on? How you feeling Rich? I'm good. I'm good. Good morning for Y'all. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Basically y'all If, you still talking about her. Basically you're not happy. You're not happy about the situation. You are not You know, you're not satisfied. That's what I think You know. Maybe choose or maybe You know the things didn't work out the right way, but I think that's what it is. Okay. Yeah. And I think. But you can be not happy though about how this about the situation and be over the person though, right?


Like he, it seems like he wanted it to work out. Like he thought that was gonna be the rest of his life. I think he's over, I just think it's the court stuff that keeps pissing him off. I think It's court. I think it's a little bit of ego and he was in love. Hello? Who's this? Hey. What, how's it going guys? Good morning. My name is Rob. Rob, what's up man? What's your thoughts Rob? Man, so it was about the Xs, right? Yep. Alright, so I'm not gonna lie, I recently got out of a 10 year relationship like seven months ago. And, I feel like a x extra. Now I be popping up anymore, like I feel a couple months. Yeah, I get it. But I mean like during the first couple months I get it. But after a couple months, nah, that shouldn't even be a topic anymore. If you're still mentioning them, obviously not over it.


Okay. You so much. I listen to You guys a lot. Thank You brother. And I A lot like to, to Charlamagne about mental health and how important it is and You know like after going through such a traumatic event, you have to grieve and you have to take the right steps according to move forward. I feel like. And like I said, If, you still mentioning it. You still hooked on it. Thank You bro. Yeah, you right my brother. But grieving when you've lost a loved one is totally natural man. And like there's no, there's no time length on when you, not when you, when it's supposed to stop. It's just weird 'cause you lose them. But they're still there. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Yes. This is Raj from Brooklyn. Brooklyn. Crazy. Lawrence said it's just weird when you lose 'em and they still there. I'd rather 'em be dead.


No, no, no. You don't want, I don't want that. I don't wish that on any of my No, that's not what I meant. It's just, oh my God, I'm a Dirty Delaware. Be coming. Oh boy. Yo, how is my husband gonna find me? And you keep setting up these, I don't know, toxic roadblocks. That's What you just said. Did you sabotage me? Lauren Was like, it's weird when you grieve him and they still there. Hello? Hey Raj. Good on. What's your thoughts, Raj? Hi Raj. Yes. My thoughts is you're, he's not over his ex. Okay. If it, if he was she, she wouldn't be on his mind. Okay. That's all you got. All right. Thank you brother. So what's the moral of the story guys? Lauren? I don't know. I think grieving when you've lost a loved one is totally natural. That's the moral of the story for me when I hear this You know.


That's me personally. That's all I got. It's a very heavy answer. You go Ahead. We got Jess with the mess coming up. We do have Jess with the mess coming up. We are about to get into blue face. He called effective immediately with DJ Head and Gina Hughes from jail. This is the first time that I've heard from him. Or I think a lot of us have heard from him from jail since everything has happened. So Alright, we'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning Mercury. You still drinking Gatorade? Huh? The Red one. It's oh The red. Forget it. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. You music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she Don't.


Nobody Worldwide. Just Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. Okay, And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So Blue Face tapped in with effective, immediate effective immediately at oh my folks. Yes. DJ Head and Gina Views. Gina Views. So they were filming their show and they were happened to just be reporting about Blue Face and then he literally started calling Gina You know Gina is the girl that makes all the boys rap. So she's locked in with all the rappers and they were able to talk to him about a few different things 'cause you guys know he recently got sentenced to four years. Chris, Sean Rock is locked up as well.


The baby is with I guess like a friend or a member of the family. So it's been a whole situation. So let's take a listen to this phone call from Blue Face. Blue face baby. Hey Y. So I got sentenced to four years. I got a year credit. So that goes down to three years. And, I, gotta do 33% of that. So you'll Be home by summer? Probably like April, March, April on You know Going down. What's your mental like you straight. I'm In my environment You know I'm always soak up and adapt to it. So it ain't really nothing. It's really like a, it's like a little break from responsibility honestly. What have you been doing to like pass your time man Watching TV burritos and using the phone.


That's pretty Much it. What you watching in there? Watching in a lot of the news, the Sherry show and the Jennifer Hudson show. So that's such a DJ head question to be like how's your mental, but yeah, so basically there was a whole thing about when Blue Face was coming home because his mom was saying we expect him home by summer. Then people were saying that was not gonna happen after the sentencing. But he's basically confirming according to I guess what he's being told on his side legally, that he should be home by the time that he stated because of the time served. But a another big thing here was, which is next Year, not summertime, so April May she's saying Yeah. Yep. So they're not gonna get to have the party that his mom was talking about and all that good stuff. But another big thing here recently, a photo of Chaw Rock and blue face's.


Baby Chaw Jr. Went viral because someone posted it to Instagram like free. Like basically that the baby was saying like free mom, daddy baby. Yeah. Right. So people have been wondering like how is this happening right now They have a brand new baby and both of them are locked up. Blue Face spoke to that. Oh yeah, we stay on the threeway on the side, we stay on the Threeway. Just got off the phone with her. What about she's doing alright. She'd be awesome. What about than me? What about the like the little one, are you able to like You know be in touch and like have You know have contact or like visitation stuff like that? Not as of now. Yeah. But because she's incarcerated but hopefully when she gets out she'll come bring them up here so, or whatnot.


It's interesting that there isn't more conversation around the fact that You know with, with all the dysfunction people were celebrating in regards to Blue Face and Chan, they both ended up in jail. Yeah bro. It's literally like a akashi situation. But I feel like there's not no conversation about that. Like Its and Not because Toxic snitch Because people wanted to see it's toxic. They wanted to put it on TV and now they both arrested. Nobody said anything and Now nobody said nothing. They're break in jail and now nobody says nothing like where's the Zeus network now? Everybody's Like, oh, I'm Just saying. Well they did talk a little bit about his show. We don't have that clip, but they did talk about, 'cause he had that reality show and he said that You know, like he still has the relationship or whatever, but I don't know how much they're filming. But when I saw the viral for of the baby, I'm like, it's insane because we all were so attached to their relationship.


I was why that was the only person who, who was Y'all? Who Was y'all? Y'all hate when I say y'all when it comes to y'all about other stuff. But y'all throw y'all on me all the time because Y'all don't be shaving under your arms. Who is you talking about? Who was, I really wasn't into it like that. But I, I'm surprised that they both were in jail. And. I mean not that they're both in jail. I'm not surprised that the judge is not letting one out first to, to raise the baby and then when he comes out then she's in because, and we've seen it so many different times. But are You, you, you're surprised. I Don't even know why they were both in jail. Well, okay, so Chaw is in jail. She had legal issues when it came to James Wright in that situation behind the scenes with Tamar Braxton Member Warrant, right? Yeah. That whole thing. And then when she got locked up for that, she actually found out that she was, had legal issues in Oklahoma.


She had to be extradited and that charge was like possession of controlled substances with intent to distribute. It was like a whole thing. So that's what she's facing her time for. But I'm not surprised. I just said it was like the Takata situation minus the whole snitching thing because people were, Takashi was entertaining. People watched him, people interviewed him, people did so much and he ended up in jail and now I don't even know where he at right now. What he doing. He Just put out a song. Yeah, he did Did it. Y'all listened to it. Now the reason I said I was surprised is 'cause they're both locked up and it's a baby. A lot of times what the judge would do would be like, if both parents are arrested, especially if it's nothing violent, they'll say okay, you serve your time and then when you come out you'll get locked up so somebody can watch the baby other than friends. Oh I never Heard of that. It was crazy. I didn't even know why either one of them was in jail.


But when you tell me they both in jail, I don't even question it because it sounds right. That's what I'm saying. That's why I'm like, when you said you surprised, I'm like about what? No, I'm not surprised they're in jail. I'm surprised that You know they, they're not doing allowing one to be out and watch, raise The kids. Listen, I I wish them both the best. Yeah, And I hope that they learn something in jail and they come out and just You know they Got a baby to get home to. That's right. In the beginning of the, who Was ready for the child move better. That's All. And in the beginning of the clip when he was saying we be on Threeway, he was talking about Kan. 'cause they had asked him, does he still speak to Kan? He said that they talk all the time on Threeway. But moving on quick. Oh real quick. Dame Josh. So you guys know Dame has been trying to sell his part of what he owns, his interests not even trying to, he lost a lawsuit.


So he had to and Rockefeller. So he had posted a video the other day and he's trying to up the ante because there's been so much news around the fact that If, you buy this percentage of whatever he own 33%. Right? The 33.3% you don't really have much power because Bigs and Jay-Z have to agree on everything. It's a majority vote. So that's I'm sure messing up a lot of the ante around it. So he posted with Rockefeller chains on and said If, you buy it. I think he said 10 million or more over If. you offer that you can get original Rockefeller chains. I would like to know what is the benefit to buying the shares and the Reasonable Doubt album when Jay-Z just gets it back in a few years. Could you, could you just from a business perspective, could you make the money you spent back and a profit in however many years you own it?


I don't know. I But How do you do that? 'cause you can't license or soundtrack or anything like that without bigs. Well you Still get the Royal and publishing on the, on the 33% that you own it. But like Charlamagne said, is it worth the amount of money that you would pay? Will you get your money back depending on what you spend on it? Yeah, he Was talking 10 million. You gonna make 10 million about, I feel like Dame six years or seven years. Dame the businessman should speak more to that then. Because right now it's looking like you, you in a lose lose situation, you just gonna say you own something. Absolutely. In the meantime, Dame, how much for just the chain? It's two of them. I'd buy one and he said, he said when for the right price you would. Yeah, He said it's like the, it's like You know what I mean? When he used to do the Rockefeller chain in back of the day. So like it means more what he sell it to you? I'm Lying.


He said you real A Chatty patty. Don't Yeah, I don't buy real jewelry. I'm, That would be a collector's item though. But I don't buy real jewelry. I I buy a costume jewelry. Neither does Tyree. Well Tyrese was up here with that 23 Amazon bracelet. I felt them you, She, they would not buy no damn 23. You Was crazy. I bought me a, I bought a Cuban link saying it wasn't 23. It wasn't no damn $23. It wasn't real, but it wasn't no $23 Gold played it, it was still a couple thousand dollars. Whatcha you Doing today? Today you got you. When you step out, you step up. I mean, I ain't talking about, I don't do that type of, I I be watch on in a wedding right now today. You do, I Do that type of stuff. All right, well that is just with the mess with Lauren la So let's get to the People's Choice mix. Don't move. Let me shout out to Supreme Grill. I was driving through AK yesterday. And I just happened to, I was starving. I seen a Jamaican restaurant.


And I pulled over. And I ate. They had amazing food. His name was, damn, what was his name? Parsley Pulled over and ate somebody. I ate a man. Huh? God damn you wild boy. That up You know what been driving through Niac. And. I just saw a man named Supreme And. I ate him Light skinned. You s sat that what you Just said, Supreme Grill was the name of the restaurant. So crazy You know. Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess now we wanna salute Tyrese for joining us this morning. Yes Man. Salute to Tyrese 1992 Movie and Beautiful Pain album will both be out August 30th. And I'm gonna tell y'all something You know, I don't wanna say what Tyrese does is antics.


I think Tyrese is truly being himself, but through the Tyrese of it all, I think you sometimes forget how talented Tyrese is. He is very talented. I've heard some songs off that beautiful paint album that, that, that, that boy different Tyree, like when he say he went back to 1960, whatever, he really got some joints. Like Tyrese is really, really talented. So salute to Tyrese. All right, when we come back we got Them. Oh, And, I. Wanna s to my man, Carmelo Anthony and my man Meryl. I'm on their podcast today to 7:00 PM and Brooklyn podcast. I love that show. Yeah. Available wherever you listen to podcast. I'm on today's episode, Shout to Mellow, one of my favorite New York Knicks. That's right. Promoting my new book. Get Honest to Dieline Watch Small Talk sucks.


You can still say it's new. It came out in May. Okay, so yes. Alright, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And we have Dawn on the line. Dawn, good morning. Good Morning. How you feeling, Dawn? Oh, I'm doing good. How are you? I'm doing well. I'm doing well. You called us about some money. Yes, I did. You need some bread? What you, what you, what you gonna do with that money? I'm Going to put it towards my catering business. Hey, well congratulations. You just won $1,000. That's part of the Daily Bread, so congratulations. Thank you. Like to shout out my catering business, Louise.


Absolutely. It's L-U-E-S-E. Louise Catering, which you be cooking. Oh, smoked Turkey ribs. That's my specialty. Oh, gimme an Instagram and your social media too. Sounds, sounds like it tastes amazing. Yes. And it does, especially when I make 'em. Hey, gimme an IG social For We Catering. L-U-E-S-E. Catering. Alright, I will work. Now you get a thousand dollars courtesy of self. So shout out to our friends at Self. Self has a credit builder account that helps you build critic end savings at the same time. And you can enter online at The Breakfast Club dot iheart.com. All right, thank you so much and good luck. Thank you. Have a good one. Y have a good Day. All righty now and make sure y'all support Hub Business. All right.


It's The, Breakfast, Club. You got a a positive note, Charlemagne. I do. The positive note is simply this man. It's one thing if a person owns up to their behavior and makes an effort to change. But if a person disregards your feelings, ignores your boundaries, and continues to treat and continues to treat you in a harmful way, they got to go. Have a Blessed Day Breakfast Club bitches. You, I'm finished or y'all done?


I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win on August 22nd? I think gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. We Don't follow the right plan. We lose The hit series. Reasonable Doubt returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a Monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino, I could play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo. Live the Tumba life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tempacasino.com. btw room, no purchase necessary void, prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus


Low. Go Us Visit Mo. Do us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly condition apply. See website details. Hello Go. Us


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.