
At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details,


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. With available features like the relaxing Massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security. Transportation, resource to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God He is running a little late and it's Tuesday. How you feeling, Jess? I Feel good. I'm rested and everything. You look tired. Tired. What's Up with, with you? I'm tired. I'm tired. I, I, they had me outside last night on school night. Oh, okay. Salute to Lauren La Rosa. It was her the launch of her podcast. Yeah. Her party was last night. Nice. The weather in the New York City, New Jersey, Connecticut. Baltimore. Philly, DC was disgusting. I'm talking Thunder Lightning.


I, I think we had to swim to her party last Night. Yeah. We had to swim up here from Maryland. It started in Maryland around like six or six 30, something like that. And yo, it was windy, thunder and lightning, everything. And, and Kristen And I pulled over. I was like, oh, see that's the benefits of being a tractor trailer driver him. He ain't care. I was like, no, I couldn't drive. I I would've been on the side of the road crying, praying to the Lord. It is no way. It was crazy. Nah, it was disgusted last night. But everybody did come out and salute to Laura La Rosa. She had a nice party. It was packed out. Tasha Smith was there. A couple of people pulled up for her. So that's great. Congratulations to Lauren La Rosa. Now do comedians do something for April Fool's Day? Because today is April Fool's Day. Like it's, oh my God. It's April 1st already? Yes.


Damn. I guess not. Yeah. Emini here. I ain't the one to do nothing. I used to, I remember all the women used to be like, I'm pregnant psych. That's not funny. No more. Man. That's that stressful. And It's not believable. You'll say this Stressful another lady. It'll be stressful in your household. Yeah. Yeah. Stressful. Stressful. Yes. But no, I don't do nothing. I, I been stopped doing stuff for, for April Fool's Day. I don't know. That used to be a big comedy night like you used to all the comedians you would go out to, you know, be date night and it'd be all the big shows, but don't A long don't pranks on your kids. Yo. That'd be funny if you prank prank them For fools. You never did that. What type of prank though? What Type of, or if they prank your ass. Oh my God. They Don't wanna prank me. They don't wanna prank. You ain't doing, you got too much anxiety and firearms in the house.


I just never know which way I go when they try to prank that. Damn. Like I never pranked my pops. My pops. I always say he's, you know, retired police officer. I never pranked him. Me either. Just, I don't wanna play those games. I don't boo. Hi, shoot me. Pow. Nope, that's too much. It is. That's too much. Nah, nah. But no, I don't, I don't do nothing for April Fool's day. Hmm. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. I'm sure Trump's gonna be doing a lot of stuff, but he ain't joking. Nah, he's not. Nah, he's not here. Ain't no April Fool's. Nothing. Nothing With him. Yeah. So we'll get to that next with Morgan. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. All right, now women's the NCAA tournament. Did you see the games last night? I didn't.


I did. I did Not. I watched a little bit of UConn and USC. Yeah, Yukon Beat USC 78 64. And Texas beat TCU 58 2 47. So the final four set. Yukon, Texas, UCLA and South Carolina. Let's go. Gamecocks play Friday against Texas. What's up Mogan? Hey y'all. Hey. It is the first of the month. Wake up, wake up, wake up. And it's also April Fool's Day. But do you know where April Fool's Day came from? No. No, but as soon as I walked in, one of our coworkers here just screamed out April Fool's Day. It's like, yo, you gotta do a joke first. Idiot. Oh, so the, okay, okay. Okay. So the gag is, well, neither do I. But that part remains unclear as far as where it actually came from.


But historically it does date back to the 14th century in France when April 1st was initially celebrated as New Year's Day prior to the creation of the Gregorian calendar. And when that changed New Year's Day to January 1st and the Gregorian calendar, those who didn't know about the change were called fools. And so people played tricks on them. And that's a little bit of the backstory for Okay, that's a little cute little effect. Yeah. Okay, so let's get into the, the real joke. No, just kidding. But as I mentioned yesterday, president Trump said he's not joking about serving a potential third term during a phone call with NBC News. Trump was asked about joking multiple times or asked about, Jo asked about joking multiple times about serving three terms to which he replied.


It wasn't a joke. Now, white House Press secretary Caroline Levitt says the president is focused on serving his current term, but there are methods that can make the a third term happen. So they say, so let's hear more from White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt. Well, it's funny to me that journalists ask the president this question, he gives an honest and candid answer and then they spiral about his answer. It's been a very, very successful couple of months. And the president will continue to forge ahead to deliver on all of the promises he made to the American people. Except for the grocery prices though, right? Charlemagne, you keep mentioning that one Man, I already told y'all, I told y'all yesterday, if Trump is saying he wants to serve a third term, then that's what's going to happen. He's not saying he's going run again.


He's saying he's going to serve a third term. So y'all can be out here screaming. Well that means Barack Obama can run again if, if Trump runs, if Trump is saying he's gonna serve a third term, the fight is already fixed. Okay. We not flirting with fascism no more. We knee deep in it. So yeah, Trump did say there are methods for making it happen and said that a Lot. It's not normal though. That's not, he's like, why is everybody treating that like it's normal? Nobody's saying Nothing's just Saying that normal at all. In fact, we'll get into what's not normal A little later in front page news in the seven o'clock hour, Cory Booker has some comments, but Trump said there are methods for making it happen. And he said a lot of his allies want him to, but he tells them there's a long way to go as far as it is early in his administration.


And of course, as I mentioned before, serving three terms as of right now is prohibited by the Constitution under this 22nd Amendment. So, well, you know, He's been, he's been wiping his ass with the Constitution for a while. But this is not just wiping his ass with the Constitution. He's showing you the doodoo on it. If he, oh my God, seriously, If everybody's okay with, you know, him saying things like that and then eventually him doing it, it is over. American democracy is, we know it is a wrap. But what can somebody do to him though, like for saying those things or Emini here for even a legend that, that we will never have to vote again. Like what is somebody doing? Like what can somebody Yeah, nobody can do nothing about that the Act, the actions that can be done have to be done in court or in Congress essentially.


So that's where we are right now. And that's essentially what is happening. It's a lot of, you know, executive orders being signed, a lot of reversals, a lot of judges being involved and so, yeah, but what all the Old ass people doing in the US house, like the House of Representatives like dying, just be like, yeah, okay. That's what they know. So you guys do know that the Trump administration tomorrow will mark what President Trump is calling Liberation Day. I like to call it Tariff Tuesday even though it's on a Wednesday. So the new reciprocal tariffs are set to take effect tomorrow against Canada, Mexico, China, and the European Union. And Trump is expecting $5 trillion in US investments after his tariffs take effect. He said foreign car makers have been flooding the US market. Let's take a listen to President Trump Because that word reciprocal is very important what they do to us.


We do to them. If you look at Canada and Mexico, they were driving hundreds of thousands of cars into the market because they avoid the tariffs by doing it before the tariffs go on, which would be Wednesday. Yeah. So over the weekend, while speaking to NBC, the president said at the, at that time, he couldn't care less if automakers raised their prices due to the implementation of his 25% tariffs on foreign made automobiles. In fact, he hopes they do so people will start buying more American made cars. And he also said that the imposed tariffs, well they will be permanent. So remember how he kept rolling them back, rolling them back, giving another chance? Well now he said this, this time is the time. So that's your front page news for 6:00 AM on at 7:00 AM Like I said, we will talk about what is going on in Congress.


Jess, we'll get to that. Okay. Alright, well thank you Morgan. And, And I think what people are saying that they're gonna start buying used cars 'cause it won't affect the used cars as much. So people are gonna start buying used cars and those news cars are gonna be sitting right in the dealerships. Find those workarounds please. All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Malik from Chicago.


What's Up Malik? Get it off your chest Brother. Man, I just wanted to like spread some positivity, man. A few months ago I lost my job or whatnot and recently I've started a new business. I lost a lot of weight, like 50, 60 pounds and okay. Yeah, everything going good man. Oh, I love to hear that brother. That's yeah, For a fact. Definitely. I was wondering if I could split a quick 16 for y'all. Well Listen, why do we need that in our lives? Yo, Go ahead. Please go ahead. Nah, you should really, you should be talking about your new business that you just started. Word. What if he about to rap about It? Got about to do with the business? Yeah. Okay, let's hear. Let's hear it. Alright. Yo, my head is hard. I got a thick And I need to break.


I roll the A, I feel a ache. I get to Tyler. No, I'm hearing pop like I'm shining Marlin and y'all was begging for my food. Come, he broke down while beg your partner Trump on the car. We was a deep three bed apartment. I told my teachers that I ain't eat. I'm really starving. My uncle told me I should make peace with, but I'm hearing this everybody ain't me and they can't be. I got a new connection. Hold up. I'm getting work done. Ain't talking new reflection. I'm in a bru with my brothers. We headed one direction. I hit her once. I remember she, in my recollection, she wanted him, but I got her another intersection. She wanted to know how I'm constantly winning back And I don't make wages. Okay baby girl, they better get all right And I'm still saved. What business is that?


Wait A minute. I know, right? Wait a minute. He said something about stealing apes and all that. What business is that? Business is this? I got a content creation business. So I really just be making a bunch of content videos or whatnot. Oh okay. But I'm also a artist, so it worked out for me. What's funny to me is it sound like he passed the phone to somebody. Remember he was just Talking regular. He Passed the phone Me for, that's me for. So I just had to turn on my artist voice. You know how it go. I got that. I got you. All right man. Good luck. Keep on keeping up on my Instagram real Quick. You should have did that first, right? My Instagram is under Fader. That's under F-A-D-A-H like the magazine, but a h Dallas magazine. Alright brother. So it's not like the magazine.


Not At all. What I'm saying, fader like the magazine, just not spelled Fader is Blessed. Whatever. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? This is Abe trucker Abe. Trucker Abe, what's up? You're not rapping this morning, are you? No, I'm not rapping this morning. Okay. All right. Get off your chest, brother.


Hey, I just want to talk about this potential third term or Trump. Whether you like him or dislike him, the man is very crafty and smart on how he does things. You gonna have to violate the Constitution to go ahead and get in there a third term. Yes You do. Yes you do. Oh, you don't? Yes you do. Tell me how, tell me how you, tell me how you serve a third term without violating the constitution. Because the Constitution very distinctly says that you cannot run again. He don't have to run JJ, him and JD Vance can switch position. JD Vance run, he can be his running mate. He become vice president JD Vance to see his position.


Boom, you got, you got Trump for a third term. So there's ways around to doing it, but you're still within the bounds of the law and the constitution. He's just smart with everything that he does. Now, he might not, might not be very nice or politically correct or however you want to say it, but he's about everything. You guys never talked about Apple bringing all this money down. They want to stop making phones off of China because of the tariffs, things like that. So you bringing all this money over here for jobs and things like that. You guys never talk about that type of stuff. I wanna encourage you guys to at least talk about some of the stuff that could have a positive impact, like all these jobs and billions in economy.


Let me let tell you, let, let, lemme lemme tell you something. If, if, if that happens, I'll be the first person on this radio saying what he did work. I don't think that's gonna happen. My brother. You don't think what? I don't think any of that's gonna happen. I think that's, you know, these tariffs are gonna continue to hurt working class people. The cost of goods is already sky high and now the cost of goods is about to be even higher. And for a person who ran on one word, which was groceries and bringing the cost of groceries down, we not going in the right direction with that right now, sir. I, I will agree that it might not be going in the right direction, but our county would say that we've been going in the wrong direction for a long time with prices and it's been for nothing. If we can go ahead and start to suffer a little bit, so at some point it come down because the tariffs are going to work, then I'm all for it.


You have to break a few eggs to make an omelet and we've just been breaking eggs without no omelet under the other rain that's been in office all their time. Hey, hey, hey, people ain't got no more eggs to break, brother. The point, we ain't even got the eggs to break. There's people that don't even got eggs to break right now. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's good? Y'all can hear me? We can hear you. What's up Yo, what's good? It's Keith from Brooklyn. You heard Keith from Brooklyn? You heard? Yo, what's going on? What's up? Hey yo, what's good Charlamagne? Just hilarious. Peace Morning man. How are you? Yo, yo. God bless. Hey yo, real quick. I just wanna talk about the whole term entertaining the whole third term. I understand that, you know, it's not technically normal, but it has a third four by Franklin Roosevelt, Mdr R fdr.


He did, he did a third term and a fourth term. Yeah, he got four terms. You know what I'm saying? He actually died and you know what I'm saying? So, you know, even though it's not technically normal, but in has been done before and, and that constitution, it's only been codified since like the fifties. It, it has though, you know, throwing that out there. All right, well thank you brother. All right. God bless you guys. I love you. Love You. Love you too. Yeah, what he said is right, FDR served the third term and the fourth term in. Yeah, but that Was 1933 to 1945. He died. He died in 45. Like what we talking about? No, he did, but you know. Hello. Who's this? Good morning DJ Amy. This is EF from Rose Island, New Jersey. Yo, whatever Yousef, What's going on? What's going on?


Telling man and the guy. Peace brother. Peace King. Peace. Just hilarious. How are you? What's Up babe? I'm good. Oh my God. Listen, I called a few times and you wasn't there, so, you know, I just wanted to let you know that what God has intended for you, no one can block from you. And if they're talking about you then you know you doing something right. And I would love to see you to get Lauren, but you not just call that, you know, I just finished, you know, we can finish the Ramadan, those who observe able to eat es to them. I've been home for like, you know, a few years after living there like I wasn't supposed to live. And I'm just blessed to be here, blessed to, you know, be able to be with my children, my three sons help raise them.


Everything is going well And I'm just so thankful that opportunity, again, to change my life and to like, you know, just, you know, do positive things. I know Charlemagne, just real quick, I don't want to be too long. I know that you, you produced films now, correct? Yeah, I produced films before And I just formed a new production company with my man Basel. Yep. Well, I, I, I asked you if you have the time, I I, we would appreciate if you go to IG and check out at Mr. Sho Money and my trailer for my, for my web, for my series up there. And just, I would love to find out who I could talk to in your, in, in your circle to pitch to you.


My idea, my concept for my show is very unique. It's very different. You know what Emini here, it, it's, it's at Mr. Show Money On I If you just check it out, just like, you know, Just say, you know, if you could have someone d Just say what you think is good about it, what, what, what, what it needs more of. I would appreciate that. That would mean everything to me. Okay? I love what you do in the mental health space and everything like that. And I tell listening to y'all every day and best to all y'all and y'all families, Man. Thank you so much brother. Hold on brother, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight Face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on. Good Lord. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. You all right Lauren? Good morning guys. You had a long night. Rapunzel. I am here. Rapunzel. Rapunzel let down your hell. Yes. She had a party last night in the city. Yes, Maine. I'm the bar is still hitting me.


Got time tread light me this morning. Okay. All Right. You had a great party last night. Thank you. Yes. A lot Of people pulled up for you. Shout out to everybody that came out. It was at Affiliate Rooftop. Shout out to Blair Event Sim sma who put together the event for me. Amy, everybody that showed off Glock topics was a lot of the media that supported Shade Room. Of course it was so many people there, just there to have a good time. Tasha Smith. Tasha Smith. I missed her. Tasha pulled Up, Said she got there early. Lauren missed that one. I yes, she she left. She left 10 minutes before. 'cause she said she had another event. So she came early. Mm, literally 10. She sent me a video, her and Sam. 10 minutes later I pulled up and I'm like, dang. How I missed that? That what You get for trying to make a grand entrance. No, I had, I had to get so much, so much of my family came from Delaware And I didn't expect this.


Oh My god. People came from Delhi. Girl, they on that right here, right now. They wanna see y'all. They wanna get y'all. They excited. That is what's up y'all. My mom is still here. Don't say because my aunt, my aunt loves you down, but she'll cuss you out too. Okay. She from Delhi, period. The, the big D, not the little one. Okay, now to the news. So yesterday before we went out to the party, we sat down and we did the latest with Lauren La Rosa, the podcast. And we talked about this on the podcast because this is crazy. Marvin Sapp now is I guess trying to apologize and take some accountability, but I'm not buying it. Let's take a listen. There's 1000 of you. I said it. Close them doors, close the doors.


We all gonna lead together. There's 1000 of you tonight. And those that are watching, it's a thousand that's watching online. If I get a thousand online to give this, if I get a thousand in the sanctuary to give this, that's $40,000 tonight. I'm challenging each of you all down here to give a $20 seed. But I need everyone standing up here with us, with me to plant a seed of $100 because again, it costs a sit up here. And this is what I want you to do. If you're giving electronically or even you're giving tangibly, I'm gonna have y'all come to the altar and give it. 'cause I need to see a thousand people moving. Take your phone and stick it on the, on the bucket. Giving his worship It cost to sit up here was the crazy. That's VP.


Exactly. You gotta pay to play. That was not him apologizing, that was his original comments. But I'm glad we played that first because it's gonna make him apologizing. Not sit well with y'all either, in my opinion. Now let's take a listen to him on a Ricky Smiley morning show explaining what happened in the apology. People Took issue with me saying, shut the doors. Understand I never said lock the doors. Yeah. Shutting doors, doors. The ability to go in and out. And I can honestly say, you know, looking at the video, maybe I was a little more assertive than I should have been And I can apologize for that. But number one, the $40,000, if it was $40,000 that was raised, was never given to me.


That money was raised for the purpose of taking care of the budget for their conference. Number two, it didn't happen at my church. It happened in Baltimore. Number three, of course take issue with me being firm with the ushers, but the doors needed to be closed and there was a lot of pandemonium and stuff that was going on out there Due to you. He said, baby, it's your fault. Excuse me. Wow. It was a lot of pandemonium. Yeah. Ed, do you threaten to close the doors on an in Baltimore at a church in Baltimore? He said they were shooting outside, said close the door to make people safe. Oh no, no, he, he Just say Emini here. I didn't hear the whole Ricky Smiley interview SL Ricky Smiley. But I wish they just addressed the fact, the problem of shaking down folks who may not have it.


Like I go to church for spiritual relief. I don't go to church to get shaken down for money that I may not have. Don't shame me like that. And the same is if you're sitting up pair, you gotta pay to play. But like, you know what, Emini here, like you guys are closer, so you gotta pay more. You gotta Pay to play culture. Be up here. That sounds crazy in the church, Mr. Sap. It Does the life of his $20, $5, $10. And to your point, charlamagne, my issue with parts of the, and shout out to Ricky Smiley and the team, Hey y'all. But even that little part of it, I'm like, where was the, I needed the rebuttal. The rebuttal challenge a Little bit because it's like, okay, we understand all Up in the church, you know what I'm saying? We all, everybody, I don't care what conference or anything you at, where are they putting oil on you? You knew like to me, and there were videos gone viral of other pastors doing this to me, I feel like this is something, it's like you're kind of tone deaf just a little bit.


And it's okay to say you messed up and then none of none of this to me, is he saying, Hey, I messed up. Yeah. It's like Excuses for what happened. I was just, the moment I am sorry I, you know, I don't blame it on the Holy Ghost. Just yeah, just take accountability for it. Yeah, it was wrong. Especially in Baltimore. 'cause I know he ain't even get 20,000 at the closing. The door coke Came quick. I already know. Okay, okay. Coke Is smack What you Know about that. That's why he closed them doors at a church. Exactly. I can't believe that. They don't even know what just happened. I don No, that's the Baltimore dance. The Lord Scooter. Yeah. Rest in pizza of Lord Scooter. He was a rapper from Baltimore. We selling scrambled coke and smack. That's the Baltimore anthem. Okay. Yeah. Now when he heard that he closed, when he came out them church doors closed The doors, close the doors.


That's crazy. But I heard Capital One was offering him a position to be the ambassador for them. Yes. Yo, did y'all see that meme? You posted The meme when it was like when yo, the way that their meme is crazy. What's your wallet When I, when I send you this? I need my bill baby. Yeah. Nobody likes that man. I've been to, I, I remember going to a moss one time and the the, the guy at the Moss was like, who got the first thousand dollars? And he would not move. They you that At the Moss Too. I'm not saying no, I'm not saying they do that at the, I'm just saying that this one particular mosque, the guy was like, who got the first thousand dollars and he would not move off that thousand for like 20, 30 minutes. That's crazy. Nobody got it. That's crazy. There's nothing wrong with people tying in tithing and, and you know, all into whatever into the church.


But I think that it's like, okay, chill. Like the way you go about it means something. Yes. But I wanna play this last audio because Marvin SPP is also saying that he's now receiving death threats because of this. Oh Yeah, I heard that. The reason why I'm here is because what has happened is, is people have taken clickbait and made something out of it that it isn't. And because of that, my church has been getting phone calls. People have called my church and cussed me out. My staff are afraid because I've received death threats over $20 and shut the door. So now we've had to update and increase security. And all of this is because of a misunderstanding. All of that is because it costs to sit up here.


That's Right. That's right. And it is not that they doing it for no reason they doing it because you are literally shaking down people who don't have it. They upset about that. This is call backlash. Those. And I'm not gonna say those death threats are real. It's crazy to call the church and tell somebody to go to hell though. Yo, that's crazy. You call the church and tell 'em go to hell. Hey Emini Here your church. I bet all the death threats came from Baltimore. Like boy that you, but That's the new bully in the death rest. That's What they doing. I don. But the same people pulling up on you at the church that's a little crazy pulling up on the pastor at the church. You See what Happened to that pastor in Brooklyn? They pulled up on him and robbed him right on that live street. See he different though. He was walking around like full Gucci sets. It's that like, that's crazy. You know what Emini here, Mars out there. Like he got shot and all that.


Oh okay. He Preacher Emini here. I don't want anybody pulled up on he got Shot like it was a bunch. He went through a lot. His story was crazy.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Hi, it's Jenny Garth. We all know the importance of taking care of our physical and mental health, but what about our sexual health? I've been there feeling totally stuck when it comes to my libido. That's why I started taking Addie. And let me tell you, I have seen firsthand what a difference it can make in how you feel. Addie's the only FDA approved pill clinically proven to help certain premenopausal women have more interest in sex, have more satisfying sex and lower the stress from low libido. Addie has helped hundreds of thousands of women get their drive back, including me. Talk to your doctor or visit A DDY i.com to learn more about addie. The little pink pill individual results may vary. ADDIE or Serin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have had low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose. Wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reaction may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide including box warning@addie.com slash pi. Addie Visit a DDY i.com to learn more about Addie


something. It was all types of stuff going on. His story is on like Bounce or something. It was, it is a movie. You know how they do this on TV one? I'm sorry. Not bounce. That's crazy. No wildest show the the Marvin SAP story. Yo, you gotta watch. I do feel for Marvin though. The headlines is crazy. It's like Marvin SAP holds congregation hostage for 40 grand. If your grandma was in there, Y gotta see you. Yep. My mama was in. You had my mama hostage. Yep. For $40,000 that she ain't gotten Exactly talking about you never would've made it. You ain't about to make it. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Now we come back, we got front page news. Morgan gonna be joining us and don't go anywhere at The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake Up.


Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah, so what's up is it's gonna be a busy week for the government, basically. So the Supreme Court could rule this week on several emergency applications related to President Trump's executive orders. Those include the deportation of Venezuelan gang members under the Alien Enemies Act. Trump wants the high court to lift a federal judge's restraining order that blocks the removals. Justices may also decide on a lower court's ruling requiring the government to reinstate millions in the Department of Education grants.


Additionally, a ruling could come down soon on the firing of thousands of pro probationary federal employees. So we are on SCOTUS watch this week to see what takes place with those cases and those rulings. Meanwhile, New Jersey Senator Cory Booker spoke on the Senate floor yesterday and he criticized President Trump. And of course the first friend Elon Musk, Senator Booker says, America's elected leaders have a job to do. And he made it clear of his intention to disrupt the normal business of the United States Senate for as long as he is physically able. Let's take a listen to New Jersey. Senator Cory Booker's comments on the Senate floor yesterday. These are not normal times in America and they should not be treated as such.


I can't allow this body to continue without doing something different. Speaking out. The threats to American people and American democracy are grave and urgent. And we all must do more. We all must do more against them. So many heroes before us would say that this is the time to stand up, to speak up. This is the time to get in some good trouble, to get into necessary trouble, Get in good trouble, necessary trouble, and redeem the Soul of America. That's a quote from the late great Congressman John Lewis. So the Jersey, what, what did that look like though though? What, what did it look like? Emini here, I hear, I hear Cory talking And I like what he's saying, but what does that look like?


Well, what, what would he, he went on to say that the re repeat, he repeatedly attacked what he called the Trump administration's reckless actions and warned that the nation is in crisis. He insisted that the President has inflicted harm after harm on Americans safety, financial stability, and the foundations of democracy in any sense of common decency. As far as what it looks like, you're right, it's a matter of the, the, I guess the Democratic party rallying and figuring that out. You know, what does that look like? Getting on the same page and moving forward as a collective unit is certainly something that needs to happen. Right. So more, nothing, just more rhetoric is what it was. So, so basically What they're saying, so basically what you're saying is until you see, until you actually see some action of then right now it's just all time.


No, 'cause I keep hearing all of them say we need to do something and you know, these are not normal times. We, we know all of this, but what is the game plan? Like what are they doing? Like what is the action Right now? It seems as though it's just a matter of fighting in those courts, fighting those court cases, fighting the fighting in Congress. And you know, that seems to be it right now from where I'm standing and what I'm seeing. Gotcha. But, so nothing we understand. So in California, switching gears in California, legislation that would give home buying assistance suit descendants of slaves is moving forward with major concerns. They're calling this like a reparations bill. It's being approved by the Assembly Housing Community Development Committee.


But concerns, but there are concerns over its legality and eligibility hangs over it. So Andrew Que Quin is with the specific, not specific, excuse me, Pacific Legal Foundation. He tells the committee that when the government disadvantages or even advantages individuals based on race or ethnicity, it comes off as very spec, very suspicious. Let me bring things home to you guys in New York. There is a growing sense of outrage and calls for change in Brooklyn after a black teenager was targeted in a racist, racist attack at a subway station. Now the victim's mother was joined by supporters including civil rights activist Reverend Kevin McCall at the Coney Island Stillwell Avenue station on Friday.


Let's take a listen to that. Let's take a listen to their protests. Lemme just make this clear. The police department preaching is in this subway station. That's right. So where were they to provide safety? Yeah, so basically what happened, police say that a gang of teens from Uzbekistan White teens punch and kicked and threw bananas at a 16-year-old Dakari White who is black while yelling racial slurs. This happened about a week ago now. DARI's family says the assault left him Trump, he got props, He doing bananas, he's crazy. And his mother is also calling for more arrests. There was one teen who was arrested and charged with assault.


But his family, DARI's family is calling for more arrests and more to be done. So here we go with these types of situations Now as they should. 'cause if it was any other ethnic group they would be on, they would be looking for those people, you know, sun up, sun down, trying to find those people. If it was the L-G-B-T-Q community, they would be looking sun up and sun down for, for, for those individuals. Throwing bananas at a gay man after you beat 'em up would be crazy. Oh my God. That would be insane. So the fact that they did that to this young man and threw bananas at him and racial slurs, they should be looking sun up and sun down for these individuals. They should be. And I'm shocked in New York City with all the cameras and everything everywhere, they haven't found these people yet. Because this is a, that's a very distinct crime using prop storm bananas.


True. And we know what the story, we know what the story were. We know they probably was calling 'em a monkey if they throwing bananas. Of course. So that's to me that's also premeditated. Yeah. Like They had to go buy them. If I walking around with a bunch of bangs they had to go buy them. That's True. Right, right. That's what I was getting ready to say Jess. Well that's your front page news y'all And I will continue to keep you guys posted. Make sure you following me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank y'all. Alright, Well thank you so much. Thanks bro. Now when we come back, Roxanne Shante will be joining us. You know, she recently got a honorary Grammy at the Grammy Awards and not only that, she recently got her first million dollars and she'll tell us what Rapper actually gave her that.


So we'll get to that next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. We got the Queen and Queens Get the money we have. Roxanne Shante welcome. Hey, thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. How Are you feeling? Ah, one, I feel absolutely blessed. Okay. You know, and And I feel good. I feel good. I think I've learned to age and, And I enjoy it. So because I don't fight age I feel good every day. Hmm. Back be back, be messed up. I feel good. I Feel good. Well congratulations. You got a lifetime Grammy Achievement Award.


Yes. Yes. How did that feel? That was amazing. You know, when they first even contacted me and told me like, listen, we are gonna give you a lifetime achievement award at the Grammys. And then when I heard the Clash that I was in, which happened to be Prince and Frankie Beverly and Frankie Val and Taj Mahal, the Clash. You know when you first hear all of them and then you say Okay and you're adding Roxane and Shante. It was just incredible to me. But it also shows perseverance. It shows patience, it shows something that, you know, a lot of people need to have that understanding that when it comes to hip hop and even when it comes to getting into entertainment and careers, some things are gonna take time. Sometimes it's the slow grind. Yeah. You know, it's the slow, it's the slow burn that makes the incense smell good. Did they have have a hip hop category when, when you guys were first putting out records?


No, they didn't. And then all of a sudden they did come up with one and then I remembered we had to, everyone got together and wanted to boycott because they had took it back out. Then they added it in. So yeah, definitely. Was it bittersweet A little bit because it was like, I feel like I should have been recognized a long time ago for my achievements and what I've done in this industry. Honestly, no. Really? Because if I was going to get a Grammy, I would prefer to have it for lifetime achievement. Mm. That means that it really focuses on everything that I've accomplished. Yeah. You know, like when you see my Grammy, my Grammy represents the person who didn't sell millions of albums. You know, my, my Grammy represents the person that said no to a lot of things that people said yes to. You know what Emini here.


So therefore it has like a little more of a significance to me personally. Yeah. So I would love to have it that way as opposed to, you know, because sometimes people will look at a Grammy and say okay, well we know they're gonna get the Grammy this year because they had the hottest video and they had the this and they had the that. Right. Yeah. But in order to have a lifetime, you know, you have to put a lifetime in and not everybody's gonna last a lifetime. Some people gonna get a hot five years. Yeah. Some people might get a good 10. You know what I'm saying? I've had a strong 40. And you're the first solo female rapper to do that. Yes. To do so like to receive this recognition. Absolutely. That's amazing. Yes. What was sitting in that moment like for you? Because it is a first, you are getting it because of the entirety of your career, not just the moment when you get that call and you're sitting in it. Is it like whew, wow. Is it like boom duh.


No, for me it was like I really, it was like hard. It was hard for me to just understand like, this is really happening. Because when you come into the industry, you come into the industry for like three things and that's to get a record deal because you wanna make sure that you get a record deal so you're gonna make a lot of money. And then two, you wanna make sure that you do that great album, you wanna go platinum, you wanna be on billboard, that type of thing. But then you also want a Grammy. I think everyone that goes into the music industry, you know, as far as a performer or making records, you want a Grammy. So for me it was like after a while I didn't expect that. Mm. But I also knew that I wasn't gonna stop being me. Yeah. Like I was not going to change being Roxanne Shante. So if I was destined to have a Grammy, then it's gonna come whether I sell a million records or not.


And that's the reason why sitting there I was like, okay, I'm really sitting here. Like I am really next to them. Like literally I had to reach out and touch people 'cause I was like, am I really? Is this real? Like yeah lemme just make sure you know. And I took my daughter with me And I kept touching her and she was like, ma, you gonna mess up my makeup? I'm touching her face, I'm touching her. You know, that type of stuff. But yeah, so definitely I truly enjoy it. I wanted to ask, you know, I was talking to to Sydney who's there, she does our, our digital and she was like, you know, she watched the Roxanne Shante movie loved it and she was like, you know, she really didn't go into the group homes that she went into and this, that and the other. Why was that taken out and why was that not addressed? 'cause I even heard you say something that, you know, you seen a better situation in the group home than in our actual home.


Yes. So why was that taken out so much? You know, when we did the Roxanne Roxanne movie, you know, a big shout out to Pharrell Forest Whitaker, you know, Mimi Valdez, Nina Bon Jovi, big shout out to them for making this happen. But when we did the movie and when I told the story literally every day everybody was in tears, you know, because I was in the streets for a very long time and, and being a young girl in the streets and being a pretty girl at that, you know, there's a lot of things that can happen. Yeah. You know, and it, it makes, it makes you a kind of cold, it changes you a little bit. And so we only did three years of my life because at first we weren't really prepared. Felt like The World was prepared for the full Roxanne as Shante story. You know what I'm saying? It's not something that you could really sit back and be like, you know, it had a lot of gasping moments.


And then when we were doing the movie, one of the things about it was the young lady who played me, her name is Shante Adams. It was her first time she had just came outta school June 26th and July 5th. We had her already taping. This was her first time being in a movie. And there were a lot of things I didn't wanna subject her to. Wow. You know what Emini here because I knew that coming in the industry, it's whatever you are first presented as is what you continue to be in the industry. Yeah. I don't care how much you try to change, they see you as that first time they were introduced to you. And so I didn't want her to have any nude scenes. I didn't want her to have any strong sexual scenes. I didn't want her to have any strong abuse scenes. So that this way her standard for what she's going to have in the industry and it shows in the work that she did following up. Right. Working with Denzel and doing such other great movies and doing plays and stuff like that.


I was also thinking about her. So I was like, listen, we can't put that in but it'll make a hell of a book. You know, we can't put that in but I want to talk about this part. And then even the extension of my movie, 'cause people say it just stopped so abruptly. It did. I didn't get a chance to introduce them to biz. So now Cool V has done the extension of that. So now we are looking to like the part two of everything that I've done is now getting ready to show up in this new project, which is incredible to me. Now break Down while Vy here, the legend Covy, can we get a A chair for for Covy and that over there? Absolute. Absolutely. And while we're getting a chair for him now, how did Biz get introduced Biz marking? How, how did he get introduced? He was sleeping in the hallway in Queensbridge.


Like this is, that was my introduction to biz To to Biz Markey Was sleeping in the hallway in Queensbridge, but he was sleeping there because he was working with Chan and he was biz had the energy that we all needed because he said we are gonna be stars. And I really couldn't see that. 'cause we are sleeping in the movie theaters on 42nd Street and I'm putting my feet across Biz Lap because I hate sticky floors. Like still today. Like I will lose it. Right, right, right. If the floor is sticky, I will get up and mop in the middle of the night. That is one of my things, you know, because I don't want the floor to be sticky, you know? And so for me, one of the things was biz would always say don't worry about it Sha like, we gonna be stars and Emini here. We got karate Flx playing Emini here.


If anybody that went to his funeral, they saw that we, you know, I kept my word at the end of everything that we were gonna do regarding it. But he had that energy that we all needed. And even when my DJ told me like, yo, listen, I'm not gonna play for you no more, da da da. He said, look, I will beatbox the entire show for you. And he beat boxed so much that night, he literally had to put his lips inside of ice water. Yeah. And so these are the stories that people didn't get a chance to see. So that was the extension with co v saying, you know what the, the story has to be told and there's no way that you can tell a Co v Bismarck story without Cov. Of course. So Co V gives you the whole vision of how it takes place from Cove's eyes and what he's seeing, you know, which is incredible.


And my daughter gets a chance to play me, you know, 'cause who else gonna be Roxanne and Chante? That's right. Okay. That's how you do It. All right. We got more with Roxanne Shante when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And we're still kicking it with Roxanne and Shante. Cool. V how did y'all know Biz Marky was the one, right? Because if you look at biz, you ever been around biz, you'd be like, no way he's gonna be a successful rapper. 'cause he always is joking, he's always laughing. He was like the big teddy bear. Absolutely. Like how did you know he was gonna be the one? Because he never gave up. He literally dream. Like on moments when I was like, listen, I'm about to go back to dating hustlers 'cause this is not working. Period.


You all have those times. Well, I've been there. Yeah, exactly. Like, listen, I, I I need a fur, y'all playing. You know what I'm saying? And I know I can get this. And so he still had that. Like, no, this is what we are gonna do. This is it. And so even going through, you know, not only going through group homes, but also going through foster care. Biz always wanted to be loved. He always felt like he was the last to be chosen. He was the last to be picked. He was the last to be fed. He was the last to be dressed. And he was like, don't worry, we gonna be the first you watch and see what happens. We gonna be the first. So nobody knew the backstory of what we were going through in order to even become this. Like before the Roxanne Shante and the Roxanne Revenge, you know, nobody knows about, you know, 42nd Street and being night kids and different things like that.


And with biz, you just knew that it's something magical about him. Like literally when you looked at him, because he wasn't the nice looking one. And, and, and he smiled like as if they was bright whites and baby they wasn't. And he used to smile and he just had this whole vibe about him that was just incredible. And you say, you know what? His energy and his magic rubs off because sometimes we just need that magical person next to us. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. And then he made all of us have that magic. And I realized, okay, you know what? I can be that magical person for somebody because biz was that for me. So you become a incredible hype man. But then before you know it, you become the front man. Yeah. Was it true that biz had ownership or part ownership of Teletubbies?


Was that true? That was always a rumor that went around. I, And I was just curious what that was true. Listen, you mess around with biz. Don't ask me that. You Busy, you mess around with Bizzy on half Everything. Hold on. I gotta wear biz. You know what I'm saying? Nah. Well, Biz Biz could create Yeah. Some entertaining stories. And because of that is another reason why he was one of the greatest entertainers ever. So no, I, I'm not, I don't know. You know what I'm saying? Because that's between him and his estate, whether or not he getting that Telly Tubby money, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. But if that's the case, then I'm definitely the purple one. Mm. The reason I say that is that was one of the, the one interviews I'm, I'm upset we missed.


Right. I would always see Biz on the Road. Right. Yeah. Because biz after he, he know he raps, he started getting in the DJing heavy And I would always see him on the road And I, And would always say, yo, you gotta come. He'd be like, and he would call Charlamagne. He would call myself. And that was the one that I was like, I would just love to sit down and just talk to biz. Mm. Yeah. I would love to man. Yeah. Well, you know, like Biz was the connector. Yeah. I'm still with her to this day. Hmm. We, he connected me with everybody, like all of us. Like she shared her platform, bi connected, the people, the other pieces to go to the puzzle and you know what I'm saying? And like she said, his stories, whether they were true or not, it made you feel good. Mm. And that's why everybody loved him.


Everybody was his friend. Everybody. Everybody Was his cousin. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So you would love the stories because the stories would get your attention to pay attention to the talent. And his talent was he believed. Mm. He believed, like you say, the little engine that could Yes. That was the ultimate hip hop little engine that could, because he didn't, wasn't the best rapper, he wasn't the best beatbox, he wasn't all of these things. But he loved to do it. And he said, we going to be stars. We gonna be stars. Watch, watch. Mm. And when he said it, you know, as much as you would say Yeah. Right. He made you believe it, it it put that battery in your back to say, let's go. Yeah, let's make it happen. And then we put, we all did.


You know what I'm saying? Because everybody got they super talent. Right. We like, you know, we combined forces and we became that juice crew Allstar thing. Yeah. We like the super friends. Everybody. Yeah. Super friends. Everybody is a, we came together, everybody got their own talent and we respected each other's talents, but we all pushed each other to be better. All if you're just checking in, we're still kicking it with Roxanne Shante and the legendary DJ and producer. Cool. V the one thing that I was always bothered me about Legends is I felt like you guys crawl so everybody else could run. Right. And I always felt like I love the flowers And I'm sure you guys love the flowers too, but I always felt like the industry did you guys dirty, right?


Mm. As DJs, producers, rappers, performers, you know, they ate and made billions of dollar off this thing that you put on your back and did it for the culture and did it because this came from the heart. And I don't feel like you guys ever made the right money for that. You know what Emini here, because you still had to put your kids through school and your kids through school. How did that always make you feel like the industry? Did you dirty? Like you never got what you was deserved? You know, for me, I think I'm might be one of the only ones that was not angry. Like I just was never angry. I felt like what I'm supposed to have, I'm supposed to have what I'm going to get, I'm going to get it is destined. And so I never looked at it like, okay, well why aren't they picking me and why don't I have this and why can't I have that?


Instead, I would look at some of the things that some of the artists would go through because if we look at it now, like if, if we tally up everything right now, I'm in a better position than anybody that was hot in the eighties. Mm. And that's both financially, mentally, physically at this point in my life, I'm better than most of them, if not all of them. Hmm. And the reason why is because I was willing to wait patiently until the universe said, here you can have it. I came in the industry at 15. At 15 years old, you give me a million dollars, it's gonna be gone in a year. Why? Because I'm gonna want a car. I'm gonna want this, I'm gonna want that. I'm gonna want these things. Okay. So now you give me a million dollars in my fifties, I'm gonna maintain that for the rest of my life.


Why? Because I've already been put in a great position. And when we talk about being put in a great position, you know, I'm on, I have a, a show, you know, have a nice day LL Cool J's, rock the Bell's radio. And I have a show and we started off with 30,000 listeners per day and now we are reaching millions per day. So he had ll seen the vision and was like, look, your voice and your storytelling and your experience, we need to have you on every day. So he set us up. So automatically I went and got Cool V because there's no way that I could be in any position of, of growth and not look behind me and see one of my juice crew members like it. They have to be in the room. I need them in the room. Yeah. Right. That is the energy and the magic that comes along with being loyal to each other.


So when I look over And I see VI know I'm gonna have a nice day. I know I'm gonna have a great day. So because of that, the success of that. And then along comes the paid in full foundation, which Nas is a part of and and because of the horowitz's. And they say, well listen, you know what, we wanna sit you down and this is what we want to tell you. For everything that you've done in the industry for all of these years, that you've done all this hard work and you've been overlooked and you've been overshadowed and all of these other things, we have something for you and we want you to know that this is what you can have. So literally they made me a millionaire. Wow. So when they made me a millionaire, I remember doing an interview and they said, well now that you have the money, which I would've never saved from then. Mm.


The money that I would've never had from then, you know, from everything that went on between people going through drugs and different things like that. Now that you have this money, what is it that you do now? And the first thing I said is sleep. Because I never knew what it was to sleep. I knew what it was to rest. I knew what it was to take a nap. I knew what it was to catch a quickie, that type of thing. But I never knew what it was to sleep since I was 15 years old. Never knew what it was like to just get under the covers and sleep. So when I received the check, I slept, you know? Yeah. And I told him, I said like for the first time in my life, I know what it's like to sleep and not worry. And not worry and not, and not have to be woke up because now I got something to do, a job I have to do.


You know? Now I do. I get up to go to work. Absolutely. I love my job. I do what I do. But the main thing is I now know what it is to sleep. And so some people don't understand that, you know what I'm saying? Like for me that's what it was. So that money brought me some sweet. All right. We got more with Roxanne and Shante when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And we're still kicking it with Roxanne Shante. Cool. V Jess, Going back to what you were talking about, about the movie, the Roxane Shante movie, right? Yes. The young lady that played you, I know you said that she was right out of what acting school. She Just graduated outta Carnegie Mellon. Just, just graduated. Right. And you said it was a lot of things that you didn't put in it because you didn't want to subject her to that.


You didn't wanna par through that. Yes. Was that also because you felt like she could, she was so fresh and knew that she wouldn't be able to embody all of that tr that trauma because what your story is Yes. Enough to, like you said, people were crying on set every day while you're telling them the stories. Do you feel that she could really convey that with her being such a fresh, like right outta school? Well, you know, honestly, she, she won breakout Actor of the year from Sundance from my movie. That's amazing. So it was never a question of her ability. It was how would they see her? Like I sat back And I noticed that there were a lot of actors that had played parts that were never able to get out of them.


Mm. So if she played Roxanne Shante, you know what I'm saying? And, and and, and baby my numbers was high. Like I Okay. And I didn't wanna put her in all of those positions, you know what I'm saying? Literally, you know, I didn't wanna do that to her. And so I just wanted to make sure that when they viewed her, they saw the talent that had to be played emotionally in every part rather than have her play something else. So that's really what I felt from that. Okay. I wanted to go back to something you mentioned too. Sure. With the rock the bells of LL Cool J Yes. I, I was reading about, I think this was when he was advertising last year's show, the owner, like you got, you're a minority owner in the brand too. Yes. Yes. That is amazing as well.


And I think that, I think a lot of people don't talk about that part of what he does with Rock the Bells and how important it is and that being the foundation. Can you talk a little bit about the hi, his first phone call to you about that and kind of how that felt and how it came together? This whole thing came about in order for me to have to have a nice day show was I did an interview And I was doing an interview about the movie And I was doing an interview with Elle and we are sitting there and we are talking and we are laughing and he is saying, you know what? I feel like you're interviewing me. He said, you need to be doing this. He said, I'm getting ready to start up this company and I'm getting ready to start this radio station. He said, look, this is what we gonna do babe. This is how he does. He go, this is what we gonna do. B, he Still be licking him lips. Yeah. Up here. He was doing it. Yeah. Yeah.


He still does. He's like, yeah, so look, this is what we gonna do. B I'm gonna make you part owner, which means everything you work for and how you build this, you're gonna see the benefits from it. You know? And not that that was more of an incentive for me to work harder 'cause I was gonna work harder for him anyway. Regardless. I was gonna do this, I'm gonna always put my best foot forward. You're my brother, I trust you. This is what you say we gonna do, this is what we're gonna do. But just know that the checks on the back is, is a nice incentive. You know what I'm saying? That that's a nice little come along to know that you're an owner. But then it also makes, you know the importance of how we represent it. So yeah, so definitely. So the phone call was like, it wasn't even a phone call, it was a face-to-face. And literally I left LA when we did get to New York, he had already set it up for me.


He was like, look, I know that you had not really done radio and this is not something like I didn't know how to work a board and everything else. So they had to get a whole team together for me. Mm. And getting a team together was like a difference because I didn't just come on as talent. It was like, okay, we're gonna get everything that you need and all you have to do is be you. And that's exactly what he allowed me to be. That's, you know, and being an owner and and having others that are also owners is just incredible because it makes you say like, look what we've built. You know, look what his vision saw. And he understood the importance of ownership because he was like, you've done so many things and you've built so many things for other people, now it's your turn to say, look, this is what I built and this is what we have.


And I thank him for that. Like literally we call him the tide Father, You see, I'm rocking you right now. You know what what I'm saying? Listen. 'cause everything he said in the beginning And I wasn't even there for that. She told me all of that. But everything that he said in the beginning, what you see now, he said it back then and we've been on the radio for five years now. He said it then. I love it. Talk about the importance of Nas, right? You said Nas made you a millionaire. Yes. Talk about the importance of nas. 'cause I feel like Nas is is and Ella, both of them are like the forgotten artists. And when Emini here, the forgotten, we all know they get busy or they all, we all know they got classic albums. We all know they get nice, but I don't think we talk about them enough. So talk about the importance of Nas to you and, and You know, with Nas, it's like watching my little brother grow up and be exactly what I knew he was gonna be.


You know, people would say to me all the time, like, why didn't you ever say about how you and Nas met? And I said, because it was genuine. That's me talking to my brother. That's not a conversation that I'm gonna tell everybody. I'm not gonna tell you every time I tell my sisters or my brothers that I'm gonna beat them up. If they don't do right, I'm not gonna do that. And so he chose to reveal that to the public. He did that first in his documentary. He was like, listen. And then Shante said this to me and it made me understand that because you can see even with your, your siblings or even those who are in your neighborhood. 'cause growing up in Queensbridge, you know where there's 15,000 tenants on paper, but 30,000 any given day, right? Because somebody's always living with somebody. Somebody's always on somebody couch in the project, right?


But that was like a little city, but we all knew each other. And I remember seeing Nas and saying like, yo, you gonna be great. Like it's just


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting a rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dream it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connect and changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Hi, it's Jenny Garth. We all know the importance of taking care of our physical and mental health, but what about our sexual health? I've been there feeling totally stuck when it comes to my libido. That's why I started taking Addie. And lemme tell you, I have seen firsthand what a difference it can make in how you feel. Addie is the only FDA approved pill clinically proven to help certain premenopausal women have more interest in sex, have more satisfying sex, and lower the stress from low libido. Addie has helped hundreds of thousands of women get their drive back, including me. Talk to your doctor or visit A DDY i.com to learn more about addie. The little pink pill individual results may vary. ADDIE or flip Anin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have had low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not, not for use in children, men or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take, if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reaction may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide including box warning at addie.com/pi addie Visit a DDY i.com to learn more about Addie


Something about you. And I know you are so stay away from them before I get you. You know? And then he was like, I'm gonna rhyme. And I was like, yeah, but you make sure you have together. 'cause at one time he wanted to rhyme, but he also wanted to make sure that his crew can rhyme. And I'm saying like, so you just writing for everybody, huh? Right. You know? So I need you to just do this for you because you are going to be special. There is something about you. And I know it because I've always had to be my own hype person to tell myself like, yo, listen, you gonna be special. And the same energy that I would get from biz, like saying like, we gonna be, you know, the connection. You know who's gonna be something. And sometimes you can sit back, you just honestly don't wanna say it. But you know who not gonna make it.


You know who not gonna make it. You could bring 'em along, but you know they not gonna make it. Yeah. Now if you just joining us, we're still kicking it with Roxanne Shante and the legendary DJ and producer. Cool. V I'm, I'm a hip hop head. I'm from Queen Soul. It's how I grew up is what I saw. It's what I lived. And I feel like these stories need to be told so much more. You hear these stories when it comes to country music. You hear 'em when it comes to pop music. And I feel like we should hear it when it comes to hip hop because there's so many Avengers and superheroes that helped me get by and, and that I was excited to Emini here. I I remember I had to be 15, 20 years ago and, and you called me to do your opening of your ice cream shop. Sure. Did You know what Emini here Sure did. And, and with things like that, it's, it's just like a different respect.


And I just wanna say thank you for what you did for this industry, especially for y'all. For me, you know what Emini here, it it's, it's like, no, you know what, Emini here. But that's why I, I hold, I hold my DJ so close. Absolutely. Because I feel like nobody ever s with us and they just let us go to the waistline. But that's why I do it so much. 'cause I just want people to know that without any of this, there would none, it would be none of this. You know? Yes. And that's why I love her because she always said, even when I couldn't DJ for, she pulled another person in the crew, she pulled Kae up to DJ for, she pulled all, everybody's been shante's DJ by, by far. She's had, I probably had the most DJs in hip hop. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. In me for a while. See You understand me.


And I see, that's what I'm saying. It's the truth. But she's never shied away from sharing her platform. And whatever we can get, we can get it all. Get it together. So right now, I'm just so happy to be with her right now. Doing what we doing. Life is beautiful. That's right. That's true. Well, we appreciate y'all for joining us. Cool man. I didn't even think I was gonna see no mic today. Listen, thank y'all man. Legendary. Well, we appreciate you guys again. And you know, anytime you're doing anything, come on up. When your daughter's ready to, to, to play a song, come on up. Absolutely. Absolutely. That's Right. Thank you so much. It's the Breakfast Love. Good morning. Morning. Everybodys DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I drank, I ate a hard boiled egg this morning and it gave me crazy, crazy gas.


And the reason I'm telling y'all that, please let us know is because I, well I don't fart in my clothes. I don't believe you. That's number one. I fart in my clothes. No way. I don't fart in my clothes. How old are you? 46. And you never I've never farted in my clothes. I don't fart in my clothes. I don That's disgusting. Believe me, I don't fart in my clothes. So I'm just letting y'all know that. So if y'all see me squirming, it's 'cause I'm gassy. Also, I want to tell y'all that the paperback of my third book Get Honest or Die Lying came out today. What kind of segue was that? Today's April 1st. So yes, it's out today. Gassy Available everywhere You buy books. Listen, life moves on tonight. Okay, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a free, she gets from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on you, Lord, the latest with Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


What? It's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to me. Alright y'all. So as you guys know, Young Scooter passed away over the weekend and we had some questions even in the room. And I reported it about there was like a woman that people mentioned and they police find the woman and all that stuff. So there has been a nine one one call that was released by police in Atlanta that paints a different picture of the stories that were released in the beginning. Let's take a listen to that 9 1 1 call. Tell me exactly what Happened. I'm the neighborhood watch and basically these guys have, they're, they're like selling drugs in and out of the house. All you see is guys coming in and outta the house with guns and stuff. They holding guns in the air.


I'm not sure if they're pimping. This girl doesn't have on any clothes. They threw her outside. He literally fought the girl. It sounded like they were fighting over drugs. And then they started shooting, started at air. Many shots were fired. I would say three. When did it happen? It, it's happening now. And I You're coming from 2 7 3. William now Drive. Yes. And the girl is hurt because she was like bleeding profusely, like blood everywhere. She ran outside naked and then he was fighting her outside. She tried to get away. He dragged her back in the house. So now they're at the door and he's, he's refusing to let her out. There's also a child in danger as well because she had a, she has a baby. Yeah. So when I heard this audio, first of all, it's very descriptive.


The woman says that she is Neighborhood watch and people were like, okay, is this legit or not? And I did reach out to police in Atlanta who confirmed to me that this nine one one call is legit. They are right now actively trying to find this woman. She called from a nine one one only phone, which is basically like, you know how they have like those emergency lines or like where you can only call out if something's wrong in a, in a community or like, you know, even sometimes on like the side of the highways. Like I don't know if it was, I've never Seen that. Yeah, I ain't never seen that at all either. You Never 9 1 1 only just, Yeah. Yeah. So it happens. They, when You don't pay your bill, you can call 9 1 1 only. No, well they, I know, I don't know if hers was set up like this, but I know like if you go to in sometimes different communities or like on the side of the highways heard or whatever, there are certain emergency phones where you can literally only call for emergency services.


I've seen emergency phones on the side of the highway. If the case, especially on college campuses or nothing like this though, According to what the police released and the way that they describe it, they describe it as a nine one one only phone. And that is what is making it hard for them to backtrack who this woman is and, and where she called from. But they are looking for her right now. They have a 5K reward out just for information of who this woman is because it, imagine if they can sit down and have a conversation with her now they can kind of understand what led up to Young Scooter feeling like he needed to run away from police when they came and just everything that we've heard about this woman. So The call real, the call call fake, But the call is real. But I already thought the police said that there was no signs of blood that or no woman that she described When, and that's why everything just changed once this audio dropped.


Because when they got there they said that somebody shut the door on them and they saw no woman, they saw any, none of what we are hearing. But there is a woman who describes this, so they have to investigate it. And if what she's saying, if she can corroborate in any sort, they gotta investigate it. Now did they also say when they pulled up they seen a car with shots in it, something like that or something like that? Or there was no, I, I don't remember if it was a car, but they did say that there were gunshots that were, that went off And I don't know if it was because of this call the car. Okay. Or if it was because of anything else. But they did say that gunshots went off. But they just, the, the woman in question has, they don't, they haven't located her like they're trying to figure it out. So they wanna talk to this woman behind the call, but they also wanna talk to, of course the woman that we have no idea about now.


It's crazy. Right. Switching gears. So Crime Mob, this video, there's a video circulating right now from 2024. So the video is not new, the interview is not new. But Crime Mob Princess of Crime Mob sat down for an interview and she talked about the reason why Crime Mob broke up. And people were like, what? Let's take a listen. What is it that possibly Princess did wrong potentially to separate this group? Okay, y'all ready for this? Me and my brother went to Six Flags. We came home, we called Diamond. We told her we saw Michael Jackson at Six Flags and that Michael Jackson wants to get on a, if you book, and that he just left our house and she's to come listen to his verse.


And she ran all the way from her house to ours and she believed us and it hurt her. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We told you Michael Jackson. Chris, are you being serious? Right? I'm so serious. I'm so serious. How, how old were y'all when this I'm 16. She had the start crying mob. That could be, but yes, if I would've known 20 years would go by and you would have a beef with me. I'm so sorry. Okay. That's funny. So she really left the group because she thought Michael Jackson, Hey you playing too much Jess jump. Yo, you really left. You really thought that though, you know somebody in here that would do that? Like you left the group. You would do that.


You would leave the group if somebody told you that? No, he would do the jump if Stephanie Mills was Oh, alright. Like was going jump on nothing. He would do the joke. Oh, I thought you meant he would be the one to leave. I think we, we How Would you even sound? How would Michael Jackson even sound on the computer? I don't know. But the fact that nobody has produced that yet with AI is bothering me. Crazy. How long has this story been out? Hold Up, hold up. This is from 2024. Hold on. Because you know we gonna get to the bottom of things here at The Breakfast Club. I like that. Nah, no, nah. See no verse. No, I ain't had enough. I ain't have enough money for no verse. Period. I want to hear somebody. Do I want to hear Michael do Princess's verse, I want somebody to do the AI and make Princess's verse be Michael Jackson. Wow. That's what I want.


She Gonna be mad then. 'cause now you replacing people and, And listen, I love Diamond and Princess, but Diamond, if you believe that, then you just wanted to leave the group. Yeah. Especially You was looking for a re she have A call back and she had to run all the way to That God musty to me. Michael. Yes. Right. And Wait, wait, wait. She did say they was 16. So they was young. They was young. Yes. Yeah. But they, she said that they haven't been speaking for what, like 20 years. Princess and Diamond was up here on The Breakfast Club together in 2019. Now they, They've made up over different times to do shows and stuff like that. Go on tour. You lie to be about Michael. I'm not talking. First of all, I don't believe this story. Princess was just playing with people. I don't believe that story Football had to be, that had to be the cherry on top or the Destroy the broke the cameras back. They had to be going through something else.


Well, I'm saying and Michael Jackson was just the tipping point. Exactly. If Diamond believed that she wanted to lead a group, she was just looking for a reason. Okay. Well this was a legendary Jared's podcast and he kept asking her or it this not real. Like, are You serious? Yeah. It not real. Like for real, this not real. Michael would've been all right on Knuck if you bump Nah. Real. Yeah. Now that I hit you heard Because you know a lot of those Thank You for doing that. Yeah. A lot of those Norie records that Pharrell produced, I think they said Super Thug was for Michael Jackson Super Thug. Yes. The what, what, what, what, what, what that was for Michael. Oh wow. And he just didn't want it. But he didn't do it. That's what he didn't care. Right. Right, right. It probably just didn't. Can you imagine Michael going in? Yes. What? Wow. Oh, well he wouldn't say what, what? But It would be different. But like I can see where you going with that.


Hmm. I could. I could. But he would he would do good on Knuck. If you Buck, it's the beat. It's a Negro spiritual. If you got any type of black in you, you can do something on Knuck if you buck. Mm. And I'm not for sure why this video went viral now because it's, it's not a new video. But I will say a last August was the 20th anniversary of Knuck. A few bucks. So maybe people are just going down a memory lane. The what anniversary? The 20th year anniversary of? Yeah. 20 years ago. Well, I was 12. Geez. 13. Good. UNCs. 20. How y'all feel 20 Years ago? You What was older than That? 26. 26. Oh, okay. I feel like I was still in college when Knuck v. Buck Came up. Boy, shut up. Boy. You be trying to sound so young. I Could have swore we was in college with that.


I was in Pampers and graduated College in the nineties. What's wrong With you? 2007? Not if you Buck came out in 2004. Okay, so yeah, it's close. That was 2000 when I graduated. Oh, for real. Okay. Damn. All right. Okay. Hands. I know that's right. Y'all still dance to it now, don't you? Here we here we right. Can Y'all still dance to it or no? No. Okay. Hands to your fist. He is to your fist. That's all you Gotta do. You're talking about somebody old with that old lady wig on. How dare she? Huh? Go ahead Jessica. Who got old lady Wig on? Oh, nobody. 'cause ain't no old lady Lady wigs. I've never seen a lady, an old lady with no wig on like that. Like this Don't side note, don't do the side note.


My white, what's a side note? My white friend shut up. Charlamagne. My white friend sent me a picture of Lauren and was like, her hair is so nice. I said, you know it's fake. He said, no it's not. I said, all right. You Know they don't be known. Had no clue. His wife, this girl From the scout, give it to me. You in Your own neighborhood with that on you look suspicious somebody. Somebody's in this neighborhood in Dis Sky. Alright, That's the latest with Laura. We giving that donkey to MM Four after the hour. We need a brother named Chris Lewis to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him. Alright, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Don't be out here acting like a donkey Key. High bitch Ke, It's time for Donkey of the Day.


I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say all this mouth gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean I'm mean Who's getting that donkey? That Donkey that don't. Don Don Don Donkey. Donkey of the Day right there at The Breakfast Club. Bitches, you could Call me the Donkey of the Day, but like Emini here, no harm. Yes. Donkey of the Day for Tuesday, April 1st. April Fool's Day goes to an Augusta man named Chris Lewis. Okay? Chris is 24 years old and he was arrested for leaving his kids at a McDonald's while he attended a job interview. I repeat he was arrested for leaving his kids at a McDonald's while he attended a job interview. Hey, we listen.


We don't judge, I'm lying. We judging. Let's go to Fox 26 Houston for the report. Police. A Job interview ends badly for a man in Georgia. Chris Lewis was arrested March 22nd. Police say he left his kids in a McDonald's by themselves while he went to an interview for a job. He reportedly told police he did not have a car and lived nearby. Lewis said, instead of making his three kids who are one, six and 10 years old, walk home alone, he decided to make them stay in the restaurant. What we know is he was there from four, the kids were there from four 30. He returned at six 18 and then the mother was on the way as well.


But we don't know if she was called by police or him after the fact or if she was on the way. Anyway, He was 24 and he has a 10-year-old. So he had a, that child at 14? Yes. Hey, do you know how young 10, six and one are? Okay, I have a 9-year-old, a 6-year-old, and a three-year-old. I don't like leaving them alone in the family room while I'm upstairs. Nonetheless dropping them off at a McDonald's restaurant while I attend a job interview. Now I know some of y'all are out here, you know, out there thinking, well, at least he was gonna do something productive like going on a job interview. Well, if that's what you think, you are missing the entire point. Okay? The issue here is the fact that Chris left his 10, six and 1-year-old unattended at a McDonald's, okay?


A witness reported seeing him with his children around 4:30 PM The witness also observed him leave the restaurant return later before leaving again. And then when he came back at the restaurant around 6:18 PM that's when he was detained by officers. That's almost two hours that he left his kids unattended at a McDonald's. Anything could have happened in that two hours kidnapping. Let's start there. Okay? Medical emergency. What if one of the kids hurt themselves and needed immediate attention? People in McDonald's not paying attention. That's not a damn daycare. They in there making fish filets and making sure the quarter pounders are pounding. Why would they be paying attention to your kids? Now the news report said the child's mother arrived shortly after and took the children from the restaurant. Why couldn't they have been with the mother to begin with?


Don't nobody got no grandparents, no aunts. Where your parents at? Chris, I'm not judging, I'm just asking questions. I'm trying to understand your thought process here. Okay? I'm trying to understand why you thought this was okay. You didn't even try to slip one of the McDonald's employees a couple of dollars to say, Hey bro, I gotta run to this job interview real quick. Can you just watch my kids for a second? That wouldn't have been the right thing to do either, but it would've been better than just leaving them there unattended. Now Chris, I don't want you to think I have zero empathy for you. I do. I understand. You know, it, it's a hustle. Times are hard. Everything costs, daycare is no joke. You know, babysitter prices are no joke. You probably didn't even have the money to offer anyone you know to watch your kids, okay?


Trying to secure employment to provide your family, provide for your family. That's commendable. Round of applause for that. Okay? But what's our job is meant? Our job is meant is to protect and provide. I put protect in front of provision for a reason. Because the safety of our kids, the safety of our families comes before anything else. Okay? I can figure anything else out. I've been broke before. I can get to the money in some way. I can deal with that. But your baby's being hurt because of your negligence. I, I, I can't live with that. Okay? There is no job you could possibly acquire on this planet that is worth more than the safety and wellbeing of your kids. Let's Just say, Chris, you got the job, you all excited, you rushing back to McDonald's, happy as hell.


Okay? You get there, kids going, somebody done snatched them up. Tell me if that job is worth it. Then what if you would've got back and you pull up and it's ambulances everywhere, okay? Because the 1-year-old done suffocated in the pit of plastic balls. You tell me if that job interview you went on was worth that, okay? There are resources and community programs designed to help parents in these situations. I did some research and by research all Emini here is Google. Okay? You could have called Family Promise of Augusta. They got a cost free childcare center. Now, from what I read, they help homeless families. But I'm sure they could have helped you too. I'm just saying there had to be other options. Okay? McDonald's menu has 145 items.


That's 145 different things to choose from. Why am I saying that? I'm saying that because if McDonald's has 145 items, if they have that many options, then us as humans have to give ourselves more options too. I'm sure you could have found at least one more option other than dropping your kids off at McDonald's. That can't be the plan A and the only plan period. Okay, let's hope this serves as a lesson to all parents before you make poor choices like this. Seek out support systems and plan accordingly when you're faced with these kind of challenges. Because nothing and Emini here, absolutely nothing is worth jeopardizing the safety of your children. Please give Chris Lewis the biggest hee-haw.


Am I tripping? Nah. Okay. No, I tell you when you are, but nah, you, you're not. He, he deserves donkey, but he doesn't deserve to be arrested. Come On. What are you talking about? I'm gonna tell you why. Right? Because you, because you said a lot of stuff that we don't necessarily know about. Maybe he had a babysitter in play and last minute the babysitter canceled and he's trying to do right? He's trying to get a job and maybe he thought, you know what, not to say that this was a smart decision. Yeah, but let me try. It's not like he was going to the club. It's not like he was at the mall shopping. It's not like he was at a chick house or he was smoking some weed or selling some dope. He was trying to better his life. Now the decision he made was stupid. But now he gets this, he, he's now, he's arrested for this.


Now is this on his record now? He can't get a, a good job because that's on his record. It is f Emini here. Child negligence will definitely be, Yes, It is effed up and it is foul. It's not a way of thinking. He broke the law. But as a community, you know what Emini here, we should have certain graces when it comes to certain things. Like I said, if he was at a club, yes, lock him up. If he was at the mall shopping, if he was smoking weed, selling crack. If he was at a chick house, lemme ask you a question, but he was trying to better his life. If something were Oh, go ahead. No, I'm Just saying why not take them to the actual interview then? You said he didn't want them to walk. I'm sorry. He Didn't have a car to walk. He would've to walk with the kids. So lemme ask you a question. If, if something would've happened to the kids, would you still feel that way? If, if the kids would've got kidnapped, if one of the kids would've suffocated in the, in the, in the play pin, would you still feel that Way?


It would've been a sad situation. But would You still say he shouldn't have been arrested? I don't, no, I don't think he would've been arrested. 'cause he is not doing it on purpose. He's really trying to better his life in, in the circumstances where life hit him. Hey man, you know what Emini here, like he, he like, think about it like this. Let's say he did have a, a babysitter. Let's say he did and the babysitter canceled last minute and he's trying to get a job. It's not, he's doing, doing something that Mean you leave your 10-year-old. It's not right. I'm not saying it's not smart And your 1-year-old unattended somewhere. I'm not, I'm not saying it's smart, I'm not saying it's the right decision or a smart decision, but that man is trying to better his life and we've all been to a place where it is fd Up. Sure, but what that got to do with the safety of your children. You are right. I don't care how much you trying to, I wouldn't come to jail. Listen, he broke the law. I don't know nothing about that. But my point is you can't say this man is trying to better his life.


You can't put, you know, you being unemployed over the safety of your children. Mm. Right. The safety of your children come I first, I'm not saying it's a smart decision. I just don't think you should have went to jail. They gonna Walk with me. I get he ain't want them to walk. Yes. All right, well I'm gonna carry you until I get tired. Then your little brother gonna hold you. Then I'm gonna pick you back up. Something like I, they're gonna be with me at this job interview because that may entice the job, the the people to give them the job even more. That's Right. I'm not walking. This guy's bringing his kids. I Don't want him head. No, listen, I just don't think you should jeopardize the safety of your children. I agree. And the pursuit of employee. I agree. A thousand And I can't say can't. I can't say, I can't say he shouldn't be Arrested. Let's open up the phone lines. Let's discuss (800) 585-1051. This young man, he's 24 years old.


He had a job interview. He left his three children in McDonald's while he did the job interview. The ages of his children are one six in 10. He was arrested for it. Do you think he should have been arrested? Don't get a day. Yes, they have. They have. Did he take any, did he tell anybody in McDonald's? Look y'all Did he put them on point? Like do he know them? Like if he, you know what I'm saying? Is that McDonald's that he go to all the time? When's The last time he been to McDonald's with a ball pit? I Don't know. 'cause all of them pretty, this one the last corporate, they all look like urgent cares now. Like it's like, And you know why they got rid of the ball pits? Because they were dangerous. Yeah, yeah. Because they were safety hazard as the kids. And that's where you leave your children. You Played in it when you was a kid. I played in When I was kid. I was played in no goddamn ball pits when I was a kid and they Had A ball pit in South Monks corner.


Sure they did, but I don't remember playing in them. But they have child neglect laws for a reason. Alright, this was child negligence y'all. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's go to Breakfast Club Court. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us. Charlemagne gave Donkey of the Day to a young man named Chris. Chris Lewis. He's 24 years old. He has three children, one, six, and 10. And he was arrested for leaving his kids at a McDonald's while he attended a job interview. He left the kids at the McDonald's for almost Two Hours.


Almost a 10-year-old. A 6-year-old and a 1-year-old while he went to go to a job interview. Yeah. I, I deserve, he, he, he deserves donkey today. But I just don't wanna see that brother go to jail. It is like he was trying to better his life. Like I said, if he was at the club, if he was at a chick's house, if he was doing something illegal, I would understand it. But he was trying to better himself. He made a dumb decision. He's 24 years old. He had this baby at 14 four Kids. Oh my God. He had this baby at 14. I guarantee you that You don't jeopardize your child's safety. I agree. In the pursuit of employment because there is no job on this planet that would make up for something happening to your child if he would've left his kids there for two hours and they were kidnapped or one of 'em suffocated in the ball or pitch.


There's not a job in The World that he would've gotten that would've made up for that. You're right. So no, I do not deserve Donkey but not, not getting locked Before. That's not us. To us, there's child negligence laws for a reason and this is child negligence and guess what Envy you say that, but if you had a babysitter, you, if you hired somebody to watch your kids and your kids just, if that babysitter just left your kids somewhere unattended for two hours, be in jail, you would be the first person wanting them locked up. He would be No, I would be in jail. Every would be in jail. Exactly. Be in. So what I be talking about, I would be in jail. Crazy. Let, Let's go to the phone. Hello. Who's this? Hi, it's Miss Kimberly. Honey Cut. What's the Andy? What's up Kim, can you take us off Bluetooth for speaker please? Okay, babe, hold on.


I'm, What's your thoughts, Kim? My thoughts.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35. Hi, it's Jenny Garth. We all know the importance of taking care of our physical and mental health, but what about our sexual


health? I've been there feeling totally stuck when it comes to my libido. That's why I started taking Addie. And let me tell you, I have seen firsthand what a difference it can make in how you feel. Addie's, the only FDA approved pill clinically proven to help certain premenopausal women have more interest in sex, have more satisfying sex, and lower the stress from low libido. Addie has helped hundreds of thousands of women get their drive back, including me. Talk to your doctor or visit A DDY i.com to learn more about addie. The little pink pill individual results may vary. ADDIE or Serin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have had low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health. Problem, problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reaction may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep, or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including box warning at addie.com/pi addie. Visit A DDY i.com to learn more about ADDIE


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


And you're right. And we need to take Charma. I need for him to step down off that cloud that he's on and remember where you came from, sweetie. Like you said, there needs to be community already in a place so that the young men don't even have to have a thought process like that. And I just feel like that. I get your don't see, today is so good, Charlamagne, but I think today when you read that, I don't know, I guess you feeling yourself 'cause you got your book dropped, but you had no heart or sympathy for dude like this man trying to work. You see how Emini kids he got, do you see the economy today? Oh yeah, you do because you're always talking somebody Can I ask you a question? Because I did say during donkey, I have empathy for him, but I want to ask you a question. You tell me a job in this world that is worth jeopardizing your child's safety because if something would've happened to those kids in those two hours, let's say, let's say one of the kids would've suffocated in the ball pit.


Well, let's say they would've got kidnapped. What job could he have possibly gotten that would've been worth that? There is no job, David. Okay. Can Can I ask you? Lemme ask, lemme ask you another, ask you another question. Answer your question. I didn't. I didn't, I didn't answer your question, fool. I answer your question now. So listen or to answer your question though, it's not about the job. That's, that's that he's going, that's jeopardizing his kid. That man's thought process. He's trying to put food on his table. He's trying to work, he's trying to provide best that he knows how You just broke down the factor that this man has a 6-year-old and he's 21, 24 4. You do know that the brain doesn't stop developing until you're 25.


Absolutely. But you still don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment. And not nobody calling up here who got kids would leave their kids somewhere unattended for two hours, a 10-year-old, a 6-year-old, and a 1-year-old. Well, I didn't know one person. Well, I didn't know one person. One person. If I knew somebody that worked at the McDonald's, yo, watch them keep an eye on them from me or something. I wonder how the mom feel because the mom, the mom came to get the kids later. I wonder how she feel about this situation. Hello, Who's this? Hi, this is Martel calling from Charleston. Alright, Martel, what's your thoughts? I feel like, yeah, he should have been arrested, but they also need to be lenient on him. And that's coming from a mother who raised two kids alone. And I've had that situation. I used to take my kids to work with me when I worked third shift at a hotel.


Right? Sometimes you really don't have the means to find a somebody to babysit. I have a lot of family in Charleston, but there was times where people just didn't wanna do it because I didn't have the money to pay. Or somebody worked a different shift and things happen like they need to give him some resources. Emini here, he's 24 years old with three heads of kids. That's like a lot for somebody at that age. Yeah. Can I, can I ask you a question? You said you took your kids to work with you. Would you ever think of just leaving them someplace unattended while you was at work? No, that's My them. She said he should be arrested. She, they should just be lenient. I agree with that. I Do too. Thank you mama. That's A good person. Hello, Who's this? This is Tisha.


Good morning. Hey, Good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Tisha? So first of all, Charlamagne, I think you need to relax. Tisha, take us off. Bluetooth speaker. You said what? Come on now. Charlemagne the man trying. Y'all are missing. And you know what's so funny? I started donkey. I started donkey today off by saying if that is your mindset, you missing the bigger point. You got kids, ma'am? I definitely do. I have three kids and one of 'em is that same little boy age. Now I'm 23. So, so you 23, would you, how, if you had a 10-year-old, a 6-year-old, and a 1-year-old? No, No, no, no, no, no. My boy 23. Okay. So, but I'm saying if, if you had a ch when your son was 10, would you leave your 10-year-old, your 6-year-old, and your 1-year-old unattended at a restaurant for two hours?


No, I'm definitely not doing that. But I have left my 10-year-old and my 6-year-old at home with each other because they were mature enough to stay there by theyself. I'm just saying that everybody's situation is different. Yeah, he was there home. It was very irresponsible. But donkey today, that's a big much, No, I, I think he deserved donkey. I just don't y talking about he deserves to go to jail. Like he, he, he, he doves, he do, he deserves donkey. But going to jail, I just think is Emini here. The man was doing his best. Like he made a stupid decision in a dumb decision. Thank God nothing happened to his kids. But he wasn't doing anything stupid and crooked. He wasn't like he was going to the club. He wasn't going to the mall. He wasn't shopping, he wasn't checking the chick. He was trying to better his life. Stupid decision.


But I don't think he should go to jail For it. And it would've been better if he did leave him in the house. It's hard to get kidnapped in the house. Word. You know what, Emini here, like it would've been, I think it would've been better if he did leave them in the house. They're familiar with everything. You could still get hurt in the house. Word. But that 1-year-old, that's the, that's the tricky one. The 10 year and 6-year-old, you can say, Ugh. But that 1-year-old, The 1-year-old, 1-year-old. What about, what about the 1-year-old? A 1-year-old, like taking, like leaving that in the house is the, is the biggest thing, is the most difficult thing. No take, bro. You got kids. I don six and 10. What are you talking about, man? At 10, You've been in the house before, besides yourself as 10 years old. If 2025, you're just gonna leave your three kids unattended somewhere. It's not small. I'm not, I'm not saying We talking about, I'm Not saying it's a good decision. I don't want the man to be arrested For though. You don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit.


I agree. Of employment. Because once again, there is no job on this planet that would make up for something happening to your children. I agree with what is wrong with us this Morning. I agree. But that employment has to probably pay for, I know that Employment's probably paying for rent. That employment's probably paying for food, that employment, Paying for daycare envy that employment ain't gonna bring your kids back if something bad happened to Them. But thank God nothing did happen. But I'm not saying is Right. I, I hope to leave your kids somewhere And I, let's see what happened when you do that. Oh my god. Whatcha going? Look at he mad already. He mad just thinking about it and he mad just even thinking about it. What are we doing here, Jess? You got little money on the side to bail me out. We talk about Listen.


And once again, you know who I would love to talk to in this situation. Those those kids. Mother. Mother, because the mother came to pick them up at six 18. The mother probably was thinking, what the hell you doing? Leaving my kids for two hours, I'm sure. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's your thoughts? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about donkey today. Charlamagne gave donkey today to a young man named Chris. He had a job interview. He has a 1-year-old or 6-year-old and a 10-year-old. And he decided to leave him at McDonald's while he did the job interview. He left him there from about four 30 to six 15. No, he was arrested four 30 to six 18, almost two hours six 18. And then the mother came to pick him up.


So my thing is, where was the mother from the beginning? Charlemagne gave him donkey today. I, I agree with the donkey. I just don't think he should be arrested for it. The mother was probably a hijab interview, right? Hello? Who's this? Hey, it's Bezy from Alvin Bezy. What's up? Talk to us. What's your thoughts Man? I feel, I guess empathy for the guy. You know, I feel bad for him that he ended up going to jail, but I didn't know that parental paranoia was a thing until we had our first kid And I just couldn't see myself leaving my kids anywhere while I was over somewhere for almost two hours. That's all I'm saying. I wrote about that in my second book. Got a whole chapter called Parental Paranoia, anxiety, the anxiety that you have, just being a parent. I couldn't do that. Yeah, not me neither. I couldn't Do that. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Shaima.


Hello. Hey Shaima, what's your thought? Shaima. Hey, How are you? Sha So, so just real quick, Charlamagne, you were a little too hard on him because I have a sister in a similar situation. We grew up in foster care. So my sister, she has six kids, literally six kids. She's out there in New York. Everybody's quick to tell you to call these resources. But have you ever tried to call some of these resources? Nobody answers the phone. Nobody gets back to you. Like there's so many, it's, it's easy to say, call these resources. I've called the resources for my sister. She has six kids. She's out there in New York. She has vouchers for daycare. There's no daycare seats available.


So there, there's just so many different, like there's so many factors that could have played into it. And it is unfortunate that this young man got arrested. But Charlamagne you're saying, oh, he coulda had a, he coulda had a babysitter. He could have had whatever, he coulda also left his kids at home and something could have happened to them at home. It, we, it's just so many scenarios, but it's just unfortunate that this man has gotten arrested trying to better his life for his kids. And I live in Georgia and trust me when I tell you the resources are not resource here for these families. You know, ge you, you, you know what else Georgia, you, you know what else Georgia has? What? High sex trafficking. Hmm?


You go to the airport in the Georgia, the human trafficking is big in Georgia. You know that Ch man, you act like kids aren't getting snatched out from their own homes though. That's right. So why, why make it? Why make it, why make it easier? But listen, why make it easier for them? You even said he went back to check on the children. You just don't know the full story to give this young man Don the other day. I do think that you kind of forget where you coming from a little bit too In a better Position. Listen, listen, listen. Those Resources are not available. Can can I, can I, can I say something to When I tell you This? Can I say something to y'all? I know that, but y'all keep saying I forgot where I come from. My mama would never leave me unattended anywhere at 10 years old.


Like times were different. Times were, Yeah, people are Worse. Charlamagne people are Worse. Now This young man made the attempt to try to better himself. He went back to check up on his children. It's just unfortunate that everything played out the way they played out and the mom was able to get the children. We don't know, maybe the mom was not working. They had an agreement to meet up at the McDonald's to get the kids at a certain time. We just don't know. But those resources are not available, especially in our community. They're not available. Like you think they're, I I'm, I'm, it may be a number, but trust me when I tell you since folks, you cannot reach anybody on the phone. I'm realizing, trust Me when I tell you I see it with my sister.


Thank You. I'm realizing that people care more about money than they do their kids. Nah, it's not, it's not even, no. Lemme lemme finish, lemme finish. Our job as men is to protect and provide facts. Protect comes before provision for a reason. You don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment. Because I'm gonna say this for the last time, there is no job on this planet that he could have gotten that would make up for something happening to his child in that McDonald's. And I agree with you wholeheartedly. And I agree with you. He deserves donkey today. I just don't like to see the brother getting arrested. And I Didn't arrest him. I didn't say You did. I just don't like to see the brother getting arrested and put on this record when he was trying to do better. He's 24 years old.


He's a young dad. Obviously he's struggling out there and he needed that opportunity. We don't know what happened if the babysitter canceled last minute, but he was trying to do what's right. You know, we, we see so many other stories where people leave their kids in the car, smoke crack to go to the club and do some negative stuff. He was trying to better himself. He made a stupid decision. Thank God nothing happened to his kids. I just would hate to see that on his record where he can't get a better job for that. As as I said, no, you Smack him on his hand. You give him the resource, you explain to him what it was and then as a community we uplift them. Yeah. As I said during donkey today, if that's your mindset, you missing the bigger picture. The bigger picture is you don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment because anything could have happened to those kids.


Like my mind, my mind don't even work like that. Like I'm not leaving no children unattended while I go run off to do something real quick. Especially in a McDonald's, a fast food Restaurant. But that tells you how bad it probably was that he has to pay rent, he has to pay for that food and they're probably struggling, probably needs this job and his money. And it was either, look I gotta put my kids in daycare, I gotta pay these bills. And we all talk about how. But you already saying if somebody left your kids unattended, he would, you'd be the first person calling the police. No, I wouldn't call the police. I would be have to go to jail because you gonna leave my kids wouldn't they were alone by themselves. Yeah. I don't Got you calling the Police. Why? What? Because you gonna leave my kids. But also, I don't know what if the person has the person circumstances But also I have the same heart that What about the baby sir?


But I gave a job. They have a job. That person obviously doesn't have A, the job you not paying enough. They still gotta go Do they still gotta go make money elsewhere? I'm paying. So they gotta leave your kids. Just real quick. I'm giving job. I'm for a couple hours to go get, get some money. But I'm also the type of person, if I'm in McDonald's and the brother told me and see me and say, yo bro, can you watch my kids for a little bit while I do? I would say he watch the kids. I would do that. Something Like that. Yout, No questions. If he said he had a job interview And I believed him, I would sit there And watch his kid. You wouldn't ask no questions. Mm. You wouldn't be If they said I got Job. And then when the police roll up and be like, Hey, this Dominican just kidnapped these three kids. What you mean? You know what? Somebody just left these killing me. You're just gonna leave it. What's up? Why? What's up with us as a people? I doing nothing nice for y'all Now. And then yo, I wonder if the person who called the police, did they at least like get the kids something to eat first or they just straight called the police If you were sitting they was in McDonald's.


Yeah, I know. It's like, yo. Oh your hungry would be my first, you know, like I just wanna get them something to eat then call the police. All Right. Salute to that. Salute to that person too. But by the way, that's another scenario that we didn't think about, right? Yeah. If you're that father, you know that you taking a criminal chance. Yeah. Leaving these kids. Yeah. So now that the P police done been called, is that worth it? Because to your point, Emini here now it's on your record. It's making it harder for you to get a job, right? All right, well we got the latest with Lauren coming up next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Lauren. Becoming the street fast, fast Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some She gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything She be having the latest on.


Good lord. The latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's The latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to me. All righty guys. So we have some serious political focused news that we need to discuss right now. I will. I've printed out a chart that is very important. Please take a Li Envy. Okay, I got tipsy. Lauren, let's go Dodge. The United States of America and all that good stuff relies on this next report. So we right now are taking a look at Elon Musk's family chart. Right? Elon Musk as it sends today, has 14 kids. Jesus according to this chart posted by the SHA room and various, various other outlets, he can Afford 'em.


He can, yeah. He has four baby mamas. Okay? Now more recently, one of his baby moms, she been giving him HE double hockey sticks. Okay? You talking about Ashley? Oh baby, she's the one. Okay, so there is one of his, one of his newer kids. The name has not been Revealed. Revealed. Yeah. Five baby mamas. Five. There's only four of them. 2, 4, 3. Dodge Bird. The second wife dodged the bull. She ain't got no kids. Oh she had no kids. So, okay, well let's back it up. Oh welcome. I had the poop. That one was crazy. Okay, that was Well welcome. We are going through some very serious US political news right now. SP day. So Elon Musk. Yes. So there's four baby moms. One of the wives dodged the bullet as just said.


She did not have any kids. His second wife. Yes, that's true. What you mean is that dodge? The Dodge, the bullet came up. She could have got it. I don, I don't know. He don't even do nothing for them. Go my B because You about to get there And I also don't know what the prenup situation was or wasn't. So she could still be good even though she don't have a kid. Hmm? She was married to him and they remarried at one point. That's right. What's up sis know what she doing, I'm sure. Okay. But yeah, so there is a, the the newer baby mama, her name is Ashley St. Claire. And last month she filed two petitions against Elon Musk because she wanted to get a court ordered paternity test because she wants sole custody of her baby. The baby is around like six or seven months old and she's claim she's claiming that you know the baby that she's sharing with Elon, he is now starting to financially retaliate against her.


And this is, so this has been out there for about a month. But yesterday Monday Elon Musk responded on X and he said, I don't know if the child is mine or not, but I am not against finding out no court order is needed despite not knowing for sure I have given Ashley 2.5 million and I'm sending her $500,000 a year. Now Ashley responded, Well you know he ain't black. Go ahead. Ashley responded to this and said, Elon, we asked you to confirm paternity through a test before our child who you named was even born but you refused and you weren't sending me money, you were sending support for your child that you thought was necessary until you withdrew most of it to maintain control and punish me for being disobedient.


But you really are only punishing your son. It's ironic that your last effort in court was to try and gag me gag order while you use social media to channel by, use social media to channel you literally, you literally own, I don't know. Oh, she's saying that he's basically using social media to throw derogatory statements out there, but he wants her to be quiet. I noticed that when Jess look at you real hard, you can't read. Whatcha putting on Her? Jess, I didn't even know she was looking at Me. Nothing because I'm looking At Got you acting real crazy. Okay, focus real crazy. This is very important political news right here. She says America needs you to grow up and she called him a child, a man child. So this is news because people are like whoa, $500,000 a year and in total $2.5 million and the baby is maybe about seven going on Eight months.


And he don't know if his head is for sure. That's why I said this is so ghetto. What's wrong with the half million dollars a year though? I Don't think it's anything wrong, Wrong. No, I Think people are just like, whoa, that's a lot of money for Him to not know if the baby is his or not is what he's saying. He's the world's richest man. I feel no sympathy. Yeah, that's a dropping the button. This is not the sympathy. I just think that it's kind of interesting how he has all these baby mamas. It's a ton of drama. 'cause him and Grimes, when his other kids' mom used to be in the news a lot too. Yes. And people don't touch this And she was just literally who, who gonna touch what They don't touch What? Ain't nobody gonna ever come for him for nothing? Nah, they Bring this up all the time. But what are they supposed to say? Like They bring it up and then they move on. But You want it to be like Nick Cannon jokes is what You're saying?


No, not even jokes. They, they tried didn't, didn't Grime say when she said he ain't do nothing for XAEA dash 12. He did nothing for him. Who's that? The, the little son. That's his name. Yep. It's XAEA dash 12 Envy. Look at your chart. Oh Yeah. Being being the richest man in The World and you know, potentially being a deadbeat is disgusting. Yeah. Yes. But having a bunch of kids is not a crime. It's not a crime. I just, I think it's, I just, I think it's pretty interesting that these things happen and then it's just like, oh, okay, well we're moving on next tweet. Yeah. Well you guys keep this chart near and dear because I'm sure there will be more because Ashley St. St. Claire ain't, ain't letting up on him. Okay. At all. She was actually out recently too. She was, she recorded a video selling her Tesla.


She said she was trying to make up for the money that Elon's not giving her anymore. Allegedly because she's, you know, And then there was one, it was either Grimes or Ashley St. Clair who said it was health issues going on with the baby and he would not pay for them or something like that. I think that was about little eight dash 12 the name of the baby something. Yes. Look at you threw your child Away. Yes. I told you Eight Dash 12. So like he was born at Jiffy Lube. These might not be kids, these might be robots. They are not robot. They might be humanoid robots. I think. Little, little a dash 12. That's the one he had on his head when he was at the White House. Oh, that's with Trump. He was sitting next to Trump. Yeah. A dash 12. Oh yes. That was a dash 12. Yeah, that's the, because that's the one next to the baby.


Gotcha. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well right now, this morning actually in about an hour there will be a protest for Wendy Williams. Oh. This protest is supposed to be taking place. Just to let you know, people know more, I guess of not even let 'em know more, but keep bringing awareness to, you know, the conservatorship and her wanting to get outta the conservatorship and things of that nature. But I am told that Wendy did not herself organize this protest. She does appreciate it though. She appreciates it. But she did not organize this protest. Who Organized It? There's, it is, it's, I think it's just like someone who's been following the free Wendy movement. Okay. Like one of the, you know, super fans who wanted to get people together 'cause they were doing stuff like this when they came to the free Britney situation. So.


Got it. Are you going? I you definitely gotta be there for your Godmother. No, yo. Thank you. Because I was going, I was gonna go and get some audio. You should go. Yeah, That your godmother. That's one in New York and there's one in LA. Oh, okay. They don't play with Wendy. They got her on both coasts. Okay. Now where's the one in New York? Is it outside her the jail? It, it is supposed to be outside of the luxury prison, however, I am told that the luxury prison will probably not go for it. So they'll probably move 'em across the street. Dang. Should go. I'm gonna to change. My shoes should go. Yeah, you should go. I'm serious. I'm gonna, no, I really am because Wendy gonna come to the window. Yeah, I was Gonna say yes. Y'all, she gonna be at that window. Y'all know I am not missing that for us. Yes. I definitely planned on going. Yes. Okay. Yes Girl.


Yes Girl. Okay. All right. Well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. You're welcome. You all right? I'm good. You got a long night. She Is good though. I'm good. I thought she was gonna be sluggish and all that. She's still on this. That's What's up. All right, well we got the People's Choice Mix up next. Don't go anywhere is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy Jess Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Roxanne as Shante for joining us this morning. Salute to the legend Roxanne as Shante. That was a very interesting story that Nas gave her a million dollars. Like that is dope. Like that is how you, you know, pay it back to the people's shoulders who you stand on. Absolutely. Because she discovered Nas, if I'm not mistaken, right?


Yeah. She was the one that, well, not discovering, but Nas was rapping in, they lived, they're both from Queensbridge and she was the one that said, you got a skill and and don't F it up in the streets. Yeah. Because if I remember correctly, that's how her movie ended. Yep. But her telling Nas, don't f this up. Yeah. You got talent. You got skills. Yep. Absolutely. And I asked her, I said, well how come you didn't sign Nas? He was like, 'cause Nas is a friend And I just wanted him to succeed so I just never wanted To. And she said she felt like she didn't know enough about the business too. She didn't wanna mess it up for That's right. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Vy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club Lo the roasts here as well. And we had at your party last night, Lauren, even though we had to swim there because the rain was, it was thunderstorms, it was raining, it was crazy.


Yeah. Yeah it was. That's The wig you wore last night in the rain? Yes. Oh, okay. And it can, the rain And I got rain on. You are what's, what's, what's up, what's What? It's so defensive And I didn't say nothing. I just asked a simple question. Now you telling on yourself, I'm not telling on nothing but you, you, I think you want a wig so bad. You want You, your person making me one. She's, and I'm making sure the edges is laid because baby, the way you sit up here, like Sister Sarah always on my wig and on my body. Leave me alone. I don't be on your wig. You want itching so bad. It's crazy. Listen, You want Inches and edges. You so Bad. You want inches so bad. He one inches Just come. Just come fully to the light. Yesterday was Trans visibility Day. No it was not. Yes it was said. You said Trans Invisibility Day. It was visibility day. Why would you try and get them?


Why Would you do that? You said it was Lace for Visibility Day. That's for you every day. And you would love to join that too. Moca On you. We Want you to, it's a safe space baby. All I want is a wig. I want you Charlene. It's a safe space. I want you person to make me a wig. They Going to, but Why you get so offended this? 'cause I asked him, that's the wig you wore last night. Because Why you asked me that? Because You asked me about my, because you know what? You Didn't ask me about my outfit. You didn't ask me about nothing else. You asked me specifically about me. I'm gonna be honest with you. Your wig looks amazing today. Hmm. I've been wanting to say now I don't trust one to say hair. I've the one to say that all show like it really looks good. Like it looks he just can't bring. Fantastic to say it like your wig looks fantastic today. Like incredible.


I get, can I give you some love? It Was April Fools anyway, so You knew that April fool. It's okay. Leave us on a positive note. Well listen, I wanna tell y'all to go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay, we got some great podcast gonna be on that stage. Carrie Champion with the Naked Podcast tanking Jay Valentine with the RB Money podcast. The Good Moms Bad Choices Podcast will be there.


And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be doing Her Woman Evolve podcast live. So go get your tickets right now, black effect.com/podcast festival. Now the positive notice, simply this, make peace with the fact that people hold different versions of you in their mind. Ultimately, who you know yourself to be is what matters the most. Have a great day, but if you phony it don't even matter. That is true. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to good game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Have you ever wondered if your pet is lying to you? Why is my cat not here And I go in and she's eating my lunch? Or if hypnotism is real, you will use the suggestion in order to enhance your cognitive control. But what's inside a black hole? Black holes Could be a consequence of the way that we understand the Universe. Well, we have answers for you in the new iHeart original podcast. Sign stuff. Join me or hitch ham as we answer questions about animals, space, our brains, and our bodies. So give yourself permission to be a science geek and listen to sign stuff on the iHeart video app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The World of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.