The News Agent (0s):
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, The News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs. And the News agents USA following every twist. And turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

1111 Media (31s):
Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome to the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.

Diet Coke (1m 0s):
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break

Nissan (1m 30s):
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity. Varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

Purdue Global (2m 4s):
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.

7 (2m 38s):
Mainstream, one of the biggest things in America. Culture. They not like us. Think everybody should go on The Breakfast. Club wanna shake it up. They not like The, Breakfast Club. DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm the wild card. Keep the fuck real. And Charlemagne the guy. I'm a lovable average clown. Yo, I'm loving that

8 (2m 59s):
Energy up there right now. Sometimes

9 (3m 1s):
You gotta pop out.

10 (3m 2s):
Ms. Joseph now. Let's begin.

9 (3m 5s):
Good morning. USA

10 (3m 7s):
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo.

9 (3m 14s):
Jess is still on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa. It's filling in. What up,

11 (3m 17s):
Lauren? Good morning.

9 (3m 18s):
Charlemagne's running a little late. It's Tuesday.

11 (3m 23s):
Charlotte always run the late.

9 (3m 24s):
Yeah, yeah. You know this morning it was the George Washington Bridge. And I. And on the way in to work, every morning I listen to the news. And the reason I listen to the news is not only so I can figure out what's going on in The World, whether it's political, whether it's celebrity, but also to know which way I can drive it. And this morning it said the George Washington Bridge is a 45 minute delay. So I didn't take the George Washington Bridge.

11 (3m 44s):
I take the same way every day. I've only hit traffic one time in my whole existence here

9 (3m 49s):
Until that one time when that bridge is closed and that tunnel's closed and you stuck.

11 (3m 51s):
Oh, yeah. I'm a be so I

9 (3m 53s):
Took another way, which got me here on time. And Charlamagne is still on the bridge. So Good morning, Charlamagne. Oh,

11 (3m 57s):
He didn't listen to the, he didn't listen to the news. Why? He didn't text

9 (3m 60s):
Something? I didn't think about it. I, I be zoning in on my way to work.

11 (4m 2s):
Envy. That is so selfish. I

9 (4m 4s):
Usually do. I usually texted me or the bridge is shut down or the bridge is, but I just followed navigation. Navigation. Took me a different route. I should have though.

11 (4m 11s):
At least one of y'all are here. That's right. Because that one day when I thought it was about to just start with me, I'm like, I can't do all the yo yo yos good. But like, I'm like, y'all, I need, I need help in

9 (4m 19s):
Here. You good? You good? You got a lot to discuss today,

11 (4m 21s):
Man. Yeah. Who

9 (4m 23s):
First rumors, you gotta fill us on what's going on with Diddy? Diddy was arrested yesterday.

11 (4m 26s):
Yeah. Diddy was taken into custody. Custody yesterday by federal, by the feds. And. I. Man, when I got the alert, my, my exact words were, oh man, it's over. And

9 (4m 37s):
This is, this is not state. This is federal.

11 (4m 39s):
Yeah. This is federal and And I, I was just saying to you before, like you can do certain things on the state level, but when it goes federal them, boy, they, they not playing around. They really trying to make sure people understand not to play with them.

9 (4m 51s):
Yeah. And they say that their conviction rate is 85 or 90% or something

11 (4m 54s):
Like that. The feds do not, and I've been saying this since all this happened, the feds are not organized in the way they did around this situation in multiple different states, multiple different agencies. Unless they really think they got something and they know who you and you in New York. Right. You know who Diddy is. You know who Sean Combs is. You're not gonna risk a high profile mess up. Right. I don't know. So yeah, we'll be keeping you guys updated.

9 (5m 15s):
We'll break that down in Jes with the Mess. And also Eve will be joining us. Eve has a new book, her memoir called Who's That Girl? So we gonna be kicking in with Eve in a little bit, and we're gonna get on the Eve mini mix. So you can hit me up letting me know your favorite E Yeah, your favorite Eve joints, and we'll get on for you. But let's get the show cracking. Front page news. Morgan, what will be joining us? You'll break down everything. Political and Philadelphia Eagles. I'm sorry for y'all. Y'all had that game. Like y'all were right there.

11 (5m 40s):
How much they lose by

9 (5m 42s):
One point.

11 (5m 43s):
Oh, wow. Dang.

9 (5m 44s):
We'll break it down next. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Lord on the roasts. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, last night, like I said, the Eagles lost to the Falcons 22, 21, the Eagles had the game, but they lost it in the last two, what? Two minutes? Less than two minutes. So yeah, congratulations to the Falcons now. Good morning, Morgan.

12 (6m 10s):
Good morning. Good morning. So it's, I was gonna say, where's Charlamagne? He not there. Okay. So me in a second. I

9 (6m 14s):
Know.

12 (6m 15s):
Look, I know he's overhearing from President Biden, but hey, he's still our commander in chief. And if he speaks, I'm gonna report on it. Okay. Okay. So with that said, president Biden says there's no place for political violence in America after there was an alleged attempt, or another alleged attempt, rather on former President Trump's life. Now speaking at the National HBCU Week conference in Philadelphia, Biden said America has suffered too many times from violence against political leaders. And it does nothing but creates more problems. Let's hear those comments from President Biden.

13 (6m 48s):
Let me just say, there is no And. I mean this from the bottom heart. Those of You know me. Many of you do no place in political violence for political violence in America. None. Zero, never. I've always condemned political violence. And I always will. In America. In America, we resolve our difference peacefully. The ballot box, not at the end of a gun. America suffered too many times. The tragedy of an assassin's bullet, it solves nothing and just tears the country apart. We must do everything we can to prevent it and never give it any oxygen.

12 (7m 21s):
So meanwhile, we are learning more about the alleged suspect in the attempted assassination and the details surrounding the event. Speaking from Palm Beach County, Florida, where the event occurred, or excuse me, the incident occurred, acting service director Ronald Rowe, said the suspect, Ryan Ruth did not get off any shots. And he praised former president's, the former president's detail for their swift actions. Let's hear those comments from Acting. Sea Secret Service Director Ronald Rowe

14 (7m 49s):
Yesterday was an off the record movement. Off the record. And the president wasn't even really supposed to go there. It was not on his official schedule. And so we put together a security plan, and that security plan worked. We need to get out of a reactive model and get to a readiness model. There could be another geopolitical event that could put the United States into a kinetic conflict or some other, some other issue that may result in additional responsibilities and protect ease of the United States Secret Service. And. I. Just wanna say that the commitment of Congress to the Secret Service throughout the years has been tremendous. And we will continue to work with them. And Secretary Mayorca.

9 (8m 28s):
Yeah, he was, that wasn't on the schedule, but everybody said that that's what he usually does. They said when he's off Sunday, he goes to his golf course and he, he plays golf in the morning and he has lunch in the afternoon. They said that is his schedule, even though it's not on his official schedule. So people did know that. Right,

12 (8m 41s):
Right. And Mayorca, by the way, is the Secretary of Homeland Security for those who do not know. So 58-year-old Ryan, Wes, Wesley Ruth, he does face two federal charges. One count of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and one count of a pos of possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial tag. Now, whether or not those charges will stick remains to be determined former FBIA special agent in current Palm Beach County se, defense attorney Stuart Kaplan, he says it's possible the suspect may not be charged with federal crimes because he never got off any shots and he was never actually seen pointing the gun at former President Trump. So I will continue to keep you updated on those, those two charges. That's crazy. Do That's right.

12 (9m 22s):
I know, right. Those two charges do carry a combined maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a possible fine of $500,000. So, again, I'll keep you posted on that. Meanwhile, Trump, he's, he's jumping in on all of this, responding. He's blaming the rhetoric of President Biden and Vice President Harris for the apparent second assassination attempt on him. Trump talked about the incident a day after the man was taken into custody after authority said he attempted to target Trump while playing golf. He said, Ruth is believed, Ruth believed the rhetoric of Biden and Harris, and he acted on it. Now, Trump noted previous comments from Biden and Harris that described Trump to be a threat to democracy.

12 (10m 3s):
And he called on Democrats to watch what they say leading up to November's election quoting. They use highly inflammatory language. I can use it too far better than they can, but I don't, far better, much better, better than anybody you've ever seen to that. But yeah, vice President Kamala Harris, she actually stepped in and spoke through the White House saying that she's deeply disturbed by the possible assassination attempt of former President Trump and that she condemns political violence. So we'll continue to watch this situation for you. And yeah, I'll let You know what's going on as details arise. Yeah.

9 (10m 42s):
That rhetoric is the rhetoric that he actually spits that all that is done because of the things that he said. But let me ask you a question. What is the National HBCU conference? I've, I've never heard of that. And, and what happens at that conference? I'm just curious.

12 (10m 55s):
So the national H-B-C-U-H-B-C-U Week conference. I was gonna say, it's where You know the, the, the leaders they gather in, and whether it be HBCU leaders, presidents from various universities, they come in and converged and they also meet with the administration on how to You know all the, the $7 billion that they got. Yep. Yeah. Figure out where all of that stuff kind of goes and more. So I, I believe they had some of that last year when I attended an event at the White House for that last year. And I also sat on a call yesterday. I have to go through that call. But yeah, I believe those efforts will continue. And I will continue to talk to you guys about that as well.

9 (11m 34s):
Alright. Thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Sure.

12 (11m 37s):
Everybody

9 (11m 37s):
Else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club.

7 (11m 54s):
I'm Hey, what you doing man?

9 (11m 56s):
Call, call. Yo.

15 (11m 58s):
This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club.

9 (12m 7s):
Hello, who's this?

16 (12m 8s):
Jasmine from? New Brunswick.

9 (12m 10s):
Hey, Jasmine from Jersey. Get it off your chest, mama.

16 (12m 13s):
Just wanted to shout out to all the moms that's working and wanted to say, pretty much continue to live in your power, You know, take those steps and make those changes. And just pray

9 (12m 23s):
And salute to all the moms on there. I know y'all stressed out. School started back. I know. It's a lot, man. Y'all, the vacation just ended well, I should say the summer just ended. And getting them kids back to school is a lot

11 (12m 32s):
Back on schedule.

16 (12m 33s):
Especially going back to work

9 (12m 36s):
And back to work. All right, have a good one. Jazz.

16 (12m 38s):
You too. Thank you. Bye-Bye.

9 (12m 40s):
Hello? Who's this?

17 (12m 42s):
Yes, sir. Ja from Indy.

9 (12m 44s):
Ja from Indy. What's up? Get it off your chest. Ja.

17 (12m 47s):
I gave some bad parenting advice, man. So I just wanna apologize to my boy on air. His daughter had a boy in a room. He called me, he said he was pissed. I pulled up on him, said I talked to my niece. Turns out the boy doesn't identify as a boy. So I agreed with my niece, even though I really didn't come downstairs. Tell his wife, see y'all overreacted. He doesn't identify as a boy. They told me stay at their house. So I wanna apologize 'cause I gave them some bad advice on purpose, just for the laugh.

9 (13m 12s):
How, how old was the young lady? How, how long your niece, how old is she?

17 (13m 16s):
She's 12.

9 (13m 17s):
Okay. So what was the bad advice?

17 (13m 19s):
Well, I knew what he was saying. No boys in the room. right into the little girl. But I also knew that the boys said he identified as a non-binary. So technically they both were right. And, I was pissed. So I came downstairs and said, you overreacting a boy. Don't even identify as a boy. So she's right. So he put me out.

9 (13m 36s):
Yeah, that's a tough one. I, I see at that point you gotta see, nobody's in the room. Everybody's in the living room, boy or girl, everybody in the living room. I

17 (13m 43s):
Agree. But it was funny to me. I I could see he was upsetting. He's always calling me to talk to his daughter, but man, you should have seen his face. So I just wanna apologize on there without saying your name. I was wrong. It was for my own humor. But you were right. No boys in the room.

9 (13m 57s):
All right. Have a good one, brother. You too brother. Sometimes you gotta mind your business. I

11 (14m 1s):
Was about to say, I'm minding my business so hard over here right now. I don't even know. Like, how do you respond? You don't even, it's like you

9 (14m 8s):
Nobody in the room door open. Everybody stay downstairs. We all here together. True. Hello, who's this? Good

18 (14m 13s):
Morning. Good morning. This is Pepsi Joe.

9 (14m 16s):
What's up Pepsi? Joe, get it off your chest.

18 (14m 18s):
Hey, show Ain't the guard in yet.

9 (14m 19s):
He running a little late. He be in a second.

18 (14m 22s):
I mailed this man a watch. I don't know how he still late. He mailed me a block of Fat hat. Shout out to Charlamagne and Anita. Anita Colfax book. Shout out to Pac. We did it.

9 (14m 31s):
Oh. Oh, okay. Have a good one. But yeah, I He's not here yet. Yeah. What kind, what type of watch did you mail him? Was it a Rolex?

18 (14m 36s):
Nah, I picked it up on a cruise. Tip. You know I called prior You know. Shout out to Ro Caribbean You know everybody just take a cruise. But yeah, he should be on time, bro. He's really, really showing his colors by doing this, man.

9 (14m 46s):
All right man. Have a good one. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning

15 (14m 55s):
The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time

9 (15m 6s):
To get up and get something.

15 (15m 8s):
Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club.

9 (15m 13s):
Hello. Who's this

19 (15m 14s):
Man? This is the proof from Omaha, Nebraska. What up? Breakfast Club.

9 (15m 17s):
What's up brother? Get it off your chest.

19 (15m 19s):
Now I'm trying to get off my test. So I'm a businessman. I run the electrical business called Black Power Redeveloper. I hired an assistant to help me with estimating, invoicing and whatever else I need help with. But the community giving me a issue because my assistant rides with me every day in the truck. And she's a female. So my question is, you have an assistant DJ Envy. Is it okay for your assistant to like book fights with you? Go to business, You know business event? We planning to go to the mental health awareness for Charlemagne and my female friends are giving an issue about it. You know they time. I'm getting too close to my assistant, so I'm trying to get your thoughts.

9 (15m 55s):
My assistant does everything for me and with me. I mean, she, she watches the kids sometimes for me. She books my flight, she books my hotel rooms. She'll drive me places. She is my, my right hand and my left hand when it comes to, to the, to The. World out there without my assistant Mercedes, things would be tough. So my wife doesn't have a problem with my assistant Mercedes. She actually was the one that told me to hire her, and it was probably one of the greatest business decisions that I've ever made. So as far as having a, a female assistant, as long as You know it's business and y'all both cool with the business? I don't have a problem with it. Who, matter of fact, I'm about to call my assistant right now and wake her ass up and tell her get her ass to the gym, man.

19 (16m 31s):
See, that's what I'm talking about. See, I'm moving like a straight box. What about you?

11 (16m 35s):
He's not in here yet, but this is Lauren. Hey, good morning. Oh, I had a question though. Like, but where does, where does the, where does the reserv like the hesitation from your female friends come from? Like is there, like what's the issue?

19 (16m 46s):
I think, I think so more so the issue, they say we're like just super close on social media. You know what I mean? We just trying to get it out there. And they're not comfortable with seeing a man and a female actually work and grind and take care of business. She bought me tickets to the Hustler game a couple weeks ago when they played Colorado for my birthday. And everybody's just like, you can't be doing those type of things with her and she's your assistant if she's a business assistant. Like, I'm like, dang. It was just a gift.

9 (17m 13s):
Nah, I mean, I I I don't understand as, as long as there's no You know quote unquote relationship. Yeah, romantic relationship. I don't, I don't have a problem. Even this weekend I was in Vegas and my assistant got me tickets to the fight. Like that's You know. She, she does what she's supposed

19 (17m 27s):
To do and I'm a single man. So I guess they make it, I guess it's even worse from what I was understanding is me being single and she is, she being my assistant and other girls liking me is kind of like some jealousy. I just wanted to make sure that I wasn't,

9 (17m 40s):
As long as there's no romance involved, I wouldn't care. I, I mean who cares what other people think. You care about your business and making sure that your life is less stressful. Yeah. And that's all you gotta worry about. Everybody else else can really

19 (17m 51s):
D stressful with getting into the money of black power re developers. Man, make sure y'all go follow it on IG and check us out for real.

9 (17m 58s):
No

11 (17m 58s):
Female friends they need done. If that's making his business well better that they should want that.

9 (18m 3s):
Yeah, like I'm saying, I'm always with my sister, my sister with me everywhere. Money. And then not only that, my a sister got a boyfriend, so her boyfriend be there too. Like, we don't pay that no mind. Hello, who's this?

20 (18m 12s):
Yo big chocolate, the toe sucker. What's up everybody? God bless everybody. Lauren, welcome. So yo, two quick things, right? Shout out club vista mohegan sun.com and we got P Diddy, but I'm gonna call him P dummy, right? So P diddy, every breath you take, every move you make you dumber than r Kelly remix that.

9 (18m 36s):
I'm sorry, I just, I just couldn't take it. It just,

11 (18m 38s):
I know you was, you

9 (18m 39s):
Was prepped. It was, it was, it was horrible. I just, you I, anyway, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hit us up. Now we have Jess with the mess with Lon LaRosa.

11 (18m 49s):
We do, we are, we're we're going into Diddy and trying to figure out like, dun dun dun, what's about to happen next? And, and You know what people are talking about right now.

9 (18m 57s):
All right, we'll get into that next. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, The.

21 (19m 1s):
Breakfast Club.

9 (19m 4s):
Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. What up Charlamagne? Peace

21 (19m 10s):
To the planet. What's happening? How y'all feeling out there,

9 (19m 12s):
Man? All right, well let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa news is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do,

21 (19m 22s):
She

9 (19m 22s):
Don't spare nobody worldwide

21 (19m 26s):
Mess

9 (19m 28s):
On The Breakfast Club.

21 (19m 29s):
She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren

9 (19m 34s):
And, I got the mess. Talk to me.

11 (19m 38s):
Okay guys. So last night, September 16th, Diddy was taken into custody in New York. He was taken into federal custody in New York. Now reports state that he was taken into custody inside of his hotel lobby. That I have not confirmed like the actual location of where he was taken into custody, but I have confirmed that he was taken into custody. Now, I reached out to Diddy's team, but I also reached out to the feds. So the Southern District of New Yorkers, who was handling this case and this indictment and the statement that they issued, they said earlier this evening, federal agents arrested Sean Combs based on a sealed indictment filed by the Southern District of New York. We expect to move to unseal the indictment in the morning, this morning.

11 (20m 21s):
And we'll have more to say at that time. Now, in addition, so this statement kind of painted a, a little bit of a picture like it, number one, to confirm that he had been arrested, not just because you can say taken into custody and the normal person will have a question like, does that mean he was arrested? Is he just been taken in? Because they have some questions like what's happening? So the fact that they confirmed he was arrested means that they are going to move forward with something he

21 (20m 44s):
Probably turned himself in. That's why that why you didn't see no pictures of him doing that,

11 (20m 47s):
That walk. They saying they didn't, they didn't. So I was, I'm on my, I'm on my way to that. So they use the term arrested, which is, that elevates it all the way. And then there were, there were reports that came out that Diddy had been in New York for this past week because he was supposed to arrange to turn himself in. That according to reports, what's supposed to happen happened Tuesday. So that was supposed to actually happen today. But there are reports that something happened. Law enforcement actually told TMZ that something happened that made them expedite and come a day sooner. So I don't know what that something was. I've been asking that question for a very long time. But I was told that basically there'll be more information this morning, once everything was unsealed, I did reach out to Diddy's team and his attorney sent me a statement.

11 (21m 31s):
He said, we are disappointed with the decision to pursue what we believe is an unjust prosecution of Mr. Combs by the US Attorney's office. Sean Diddy Combs is a music icon, self-made, entrepreneur, loving family man, and proven philanthropists who has spent the last 30 years building an empire, adoring his children and working to uplift the black community. He is an imperfect person, but he is not a criminal. To his credit, Mr. Combs has been nothing but cooperative with this investigation and he voluntarily relocated to New York last week. In anticipation of these charges, please reserve your judgment until you have all the facts. These are the facts of an innocent man with nothing to hide. I'm sorry. These are the acts of an innocent man with nothing to hide. And he looks forward to clearing his name in court.

11 (22m 13s):
Now this statement told me a lot, first of all, the fact that they started with we are disappointed. That said to me that there was some sort of conversation over these last weeks, two weeks, however long between Exchange Yep. Diddy's legal team and the prosecutor's office and whatever that

The News Agent (22m 28s):
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The newsagent's USA in the race for the White House. Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.

1111 Media (22m 59s):
Hey gorgeous, it's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111. Media

Nissan (23m 29s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo

Coca-Cola (24m 24s):
The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio, new music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.

Purdue Global (25m 6s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.

11 (26m 6s):
Arrangement was right because If, you think back to like even Harvey Weinstein. Harvey Weinstein turned himself in and we had known in the news what day he was turning himself in. So this statement from Didi's attorney leads me to believe that whatever that agreement was, it wasn't honored. But again, there are reports that Didi was supposed to be allowed to turn his himself in on Tuesday, but the Feds moved in early. Yeah.

21 (26m 24s):
If he got arrested in a hotel lobby, I feel like there'd be pictures and video and

11 (26m 27s):
Yeah, I mean I haven't confirmed the hotel lobby thing, but there are no photos, there are no videos. But those reports are out there. But to back up those reports, there is a confirmed source police source that told TMZ that they did actually move in early. Now another thing that was telling in this statement to me was the fact that fact that they're, they're painting this like character picture of him. It's like Diddy, who is the loving father, the You know this man in the black community, all that stuff. And If, you think about the last week or two, we've seen Diddy out in New York. We didn't know why he was here, but we've seen him out in New York. What do, what do we see him doing? He's smiling, he's taking photos with fans. He's throwing up the L for love. I know, I think it was yesterday or the day before he was out at Melba with the whole family. They're standing outside doing family photos. So to me, if, if I'm looking at this, I'm like, You know if you're someone who knows that this is coming, this all goes to you.

11 (27m 12s):
You wanna keep up the character, you want people to see you in this light. And his attorney is doubling down on that. But I think them asking for people to reserve judgment is because of course You know Diddy's taken into custody by the feds after everything that has happened, you instantly jump to assume, oh he did it. He's guilty.

21 (27m 27s):
Well people guilty. Well let's be clear. People cast judgment after people saw that video.

11 (27m 31s):
A hundred percent. Hey, come on. Yeah,

21 (27m 32s):
A hundred percent. You can't tell people to reserve judgment after they done seen a video like that. For sure. They're going to judge.

9 (27m 36s):
Well, I've seen something. They said they have over 10 attend witnesses and they're gonna be unsealing this thing this morning. So yes,

21 (27m 42s):
We saw a video also too, but what Yeah, in in the, in the indictment that they're unsealing, what are they saying is in it? I I read something in the New York Times yesterday. I think.

11 (27m 49s):
So they're, I don't have specific details yet because it's not unsealed. But what it's going to uncover is more information in relation to sex trafficking and, oh, what was it? Sex trafficking and what's the second one? Oh,

21 (28m 2s):
Racketeering. Racketeering.

11 (28m 3s):
Racketeering. Yeah. Now I like, anytime you hear Ricoh, whether it's a drug case, it's, it's something related to trafficking or whatever, it's normally the You know law enforcement is trying to say that there's a big community or conglomerate of organized crime of some sort. So when you say racketeering, basically that is the

21 (28m 17s):
R

11 (28m 18s):
Rico basically. Yes. Basically what, what that is yelling is that they are trying to put Diddy in this position of all of this illegal criminal activity. He has been the driving force and the commander and director of it is what I think that we're going to hear. But what's gonna be really telling once this information is unsealed and You know, I'm hoping I can get this before we're done the show. If not, we'll have it up on Brown girl grinding and then we'll bring it back here the following morning. But the evidence where we, we should soon get a look into what they found when they ran into these houses. The people that they've been talking to You know it's been reports that Cassie has been cooperating with the federal case. And all of this is over a matter of seven or eight months. Right. The, the first accusation from Cassie was November 16th. We're now in September. Since then he stepped away from revolt as chairman.

11 (28m 60s):
When did

9 (29m 0s):
They, when did they do the raids of the, of the houses? What month

11 (29m 2s):
Was that? The raids of the houses. So in the, on March 26th, they ran into the Miami home and on March 28th they ran into the LA home and April the reports came out that Cassie was working with this federal case, whatever this case may be. In May. There was, I'm sorry, May 19th that he came out and apologized. May 29th there were reports of the federal grand jury being convened, which means they got these people together to look at whatever it is that they thought they found to see if they had enough to bring charges. August, there was another accuser who came out, the girl that was talking about that he allegedly did whatever to her when she flew out to his all white party. And then September dawn Richards the a hundred million dollar lawsuit. And I don't know who of these people or what is actually being considered, but that's a lot in these last couple months.

11 (29m 44s):
So we You know, we'll stay locked to kind of see what's coming up.

21 (29m 46s):
Yeah. Racketeering and sex trafficking. If he gets racketeering and sex trafficking for freak offs, it will be others involved. Yes. Like If, you ever ran a train with Diddy, you're probably going to jail. Yeah, that's what a lot

9 (29m 55s):
Of people would saying that You know that's possibly on those cameras. 'cause he had cameras in the Crips man. So people are thinking that maybe that there'll be other people involved.

21 (30m 2s):
If, you ever been button naked? Naked If? you ever been but naked anywhere with Diddy or half half button necked with Diddy and there was some women around or some men around that he told you were part of the party party. You probably gonna jail half

11 (30m 13s):
But naked is insane. All right.

21 (30m 15s):
If, you possibly on any of those tape, like NB just said moving that these seized from that house. That's right. You probably going to jail when they start throwing that word racketeering around. But we'll see what happens. Hell If, you walked in a room and saw Diddy in there smashing Carl Winslow allegedly. What if Diddy flew Carl out? You might be going to jail. Can we, we okay.

9 (30m 31s):
Let Carl out there like that. We going, we going

11 (30m 33s):
Call we, we'll be back with more guys saying

21 (30m 35s):
That racketeering ain't no joke for

9 (30m 37s):
Carl. Pack it up for Carl. When we come back, we got front page news and then Evie e will be joining us. Eve will be in the building. So don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning.

21 (30m 46s):
Every day I wake up. Wake your ass up. The, Breakfast, Club.

9 (30m 49s):
Good morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast Club. Now let's get in some front page news. Lauren Oz is fitting for just some quick football scores. If you're just waking up If, you are a Eagles fan. Well you lost. That's right. The Falcons beat the Eagles 22 to 21 and we gotta congratulate Aja Wilson. She scored a thousand points in the season, the first WNBA player to do that. So congratulations to her. Now where are we starting off with Morgan?

12 (31m 16s):
Listen, there is drama within the Republican Party right now. After far right activist Laura Loomer posted racist comments on social media saying that the White House will smell like curry if Kamala Harris wins. Now during an interview with Meet the Press Republican VP nominee JD Vance, he said he did not like the comments, but he further made comments of his own. Let's hear those comments from JD Vance.

24 (31m 40s):
I think what Laura said about Kamala Harris is not what we should be focused on. We should be focused on the policy and on the issues and look, so yeah, do I agree with what Laura Loomer said about Kamala Harris? No, I don't. I also don't think that this is actually an issue of national import. Is Laura Luer running for president? No. Kamala Harris is running for president. And whether you're eating curry at your chick, at your dinner table or fried chicken, things have gotten more expensive thanks to her policies. Let's talk about the person running for president of the United States. Not a social media personality who supports Donald Trump

12 (32m 15s):
E excuse me, fried chicken. Oh, okay.

9 (32m 17s):
That is crazy. Like the racism is just so, just, just so blatant, just so in your face,

12 (32m 22s):
Right? You trying to clean it up and you're making more of a mess. So I think it's important. Also note that JD Vance is married to an Indian American woman, Usha Vance, whose parents migrated from India to the us. He also said prior to those comments that he makes a mean chicken curry. But I doubt that because it's supposed to be curry chicken. Not gonna get too much into that. But some Republicans are condemning Donald Trump's association with Laura Loomer. So they're fighting back against those comments that she made. And those, that list actually includes senators Tom Tillis and Lindsey Graham and Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene. Imagine MTG entering the chat calling someone racist. But that's exactly what she did.

12 (33m 2s):
She said Laura Loomer's comments were rhetoric and a hateful tone. And she called her problematic. Someone who, and someone who doesn't represent MAGA as a whole. So there seems to be some trouble within the paradise of the GOP party. And what's

9 (33m 20s):
Wrong with curry chicken? I love curry chicken. Ain't never wrong with no damn

12 (33m 23s):
Curry Chicken Season's, right? I ain't eating no curry chicken from that man. Oh no, not him. But You know if Kamala's making it, I might pull up for sure. You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Speaking of which, switching gears, let's say we have less than 50 days until the 2024 presidential election. So for one, I hope you are veg registered to vote. Secondly, the chief of the United States Postal Service says he's fully committed to ensuring the timely delivery of ballots in this year's election. US Postmaster General Lewis DeJoy responded on Monday to concerns raised last week, about three dozen election officials from the National Association of State Election Directors, the group questioned the USPS's ability to deliver millions of ballots, citing concerns about processing facility operations and frontline training deficiencies.

12 (34m 10s):
Now De Joyce says he plans to hold a call with state officials to speak to their concerns. The USPS is currently delivering mail in just over two and a half days, but is urging voters to mail their ballots at least one week before their state's deadline. And If you need that vote.gov is a great reference on just voting reference If. you need resources in regards to You know ballots and how to access them state by state vote.gov. So yeah, in other news, the murder trial of three former Memphis police officers who are accused and the beating death of Tyree Nichols entered its second week. Yesterday, a Shelby County judge on Friday agreed to allow response to resistance forms filled out by the officers to be introduced as evidence after an attempt by defense attorneys to have them suppressed.

12 (34m 59s):
Now, former Memphis police officers, Derius Bean, Demetrius Haley, and Justin Smith are on trial for the beating death of Nichols during a traffic stop back in 2023. Former officers, Desmond Mills and Emmett Martin are expected to testify in the case after they have already accepted plea deals.

9 (35m 15s):
Did one of the officers say he wasn't a threat when he was snatched from the car?

12 (35m 19s):
Yes he did. Mm, yes he did. So yeah, I, yeah, this is, this is, and and trust me, all of that will probably surface within this, this trial. And in my last story, sports related news, US gymnast Jordan Chiles, she's appealing the decision that left her stripped of a bronze medal in the Paris Olympics. Now Chiles lost out on bronze in the women's gymnastics floor routine when Romanian team challenged the decision to Rev to revise her final score. Now the court of arbitration for sport sided with the Romanians giving them the gymnast medal child's attorney said on Monday that everything about the court's decision was unfair and that the court refused to consider video evidence that the initial revision was requested in time.

12 (36m 2s):
So continue the fight. Jordan Childs, we see you girl. And yeah, bring that bronze back home.

9 (36m 7s):
Alright, well that was front page news.

12 (36m 9s):
Yes, that is your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're following the Black Information Network and BIN news.com. Thank

9 (36m 19s):
Y'all. Thank you Morgan. All right. When we come back, Eve will be joining us. We gonna kick it with Eve her new, her new memoir. Who's that girl is out right now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast

21 (36m 29s):
Club.

9 (36m 32s):
Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LA filling in and we got a special guest in the building.

21 (36m 43s):
The legendary,

9 (36m 44s):
Her book is out right now. Who's that girl? Evie E. Ladies and gentlemen, Eve.

11 (36m 50s):
What's up? Morning y'all. Welcome.

21 (36m 51s):
Good morning. How you feel, how you feel?

11 (36m 53s):
I feel good. Happy to be here.

21 (36m 54s):
You got the memoir out, man. Yes, that's right. Who's that girl? One thing you tell folks right out the gate is how much you initially hated the name Eve. Could you explain that for the people who haven't read the book

11 (37m 4s):
Yet? Yes. Because I thought I was cursed because I grew up Jehovah's Witness, my grandma's Jehovah's Witness and religious. And Eve was the one who made the evil happen in The World. She gave the apple to Adam. So I actually literally for years thought that I was cursed having that name You know. It's

21 (37m 20s):
Only, I grew up Jehovah Witness too. But you, you're the first person that ever made me look at that from that perspective. 'cause most people just say Eve was the first lady lady. Yeah,

11 (37m 27s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I felt like, well damn, she's, she's responsible for evil. Like, 'cause people used to say to me when I was a kid like you, oh, you, you gave Adam the, gave Adam the apple. Like literally And. I'm like, that's crazy. Why would you say that to a kid?

9 (37m 39s):
You know also like,

11 (37m 40s):
Yes. Like, I dunno him. But yeah, no, I really did think I was cursed. But

21 (37m 44s):
Then you would to love your name. Yes. Eve Jahan. Because you found out what he meant.

11 (37m 48s):
Yes. Jahan means universe. Eve means First Lady. And my mom was obsessed with Sha Jahan that built the Taj Mahal and she changed a letter and then I was like, wow, Eve Jahan. That's a big deal. And I. Yeah. I love my name now. First

21 (38m 1s):
Lady of the Universe. First

11 (38m 3s):
Lady of the universe. Powerful. Whole point of your life was that switch from I hate it to now I'm embracing it. Like how

12 (38m 8s):
Old were

11 (38m 8s):
Were you? I was, that was like honestly even thirties, late twenties, thirties. 'cause I was still And I. Don't know. I was such a tormented person within myself. It took a while. It was years also that I just didn't trust myself. And I talk about in the book, like with drinking and stuff, I just didn't trust myself. So it took a, it took a while.

9 (38m 27s):
How was reliving all these memories? Right? Because a lot of these stories

11 (38m 30s):
I feel naked.

21 (38m 31s):
You gave it up. No, you gave it up. I

9 (38m 32s):
Feel real naked. You talked about a lot in this book.

11 (38m 35s):
I talk about a lot in this book. I definitely, we reread stuff. I definitely was like, do I really wanna put this stuff out here? But I was like, I think it's important. I think it's important for myself. I think it's important for my kid. I don't wanna bring any of my onto my kid, but, and it's so cheesy to say, but You know, it's, it's what's that saying? Which you reveal You can heal. Yeah. Which you

21 (38m 57s):
Don't heal. You can't reveal.

11 (38m 59s):
Yes, exactly. And it's like, I just feel like I need to shed some of that. And yeah. What was

9 (39m 4s):
The most difficult thing to write in the book? What was the hardest part? The

11 (39m 7s):
Hardest? I, I think being really vulnerable. Vulnerable about my drinking for real. Because I talked about it when I was on the talk. I, I talked about it. Yes, I had an issue, but I don't even think I actually admitted it to myself. Also, the fact that I had, had, I had this ectopic pregnancy when I was on my, my sitcom that I never told anybody about And. I actually did not even recognize it until I was ready to get pregnant with my kid. Mm. So I never even dealt with it at all. So that was really hard.

9 (39m 37s):
What made you deal with it now? You felt like there's other women probably dealing

11 (39m 40s):
With it. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And the frustration of being a woman and And I talked about this the last time when I was here with, with the crew of Queens. And we talked about, well I mentioned about endometriosis and having fibroids and like that and how doctors just don't listen to you and having to go get a specialist to find out that I had that And I think it's just important. There's so many women that are suffering with infertility and lots of, definitely lots of black women. Lots of my friends are still suffering. So yeah, I think it's just important that, I know that that was back in 2006. Yeah. And I've actually been through that. Oh wow. At time. Yeah. Yeah. So when I, when I heard you talk about it in the book, I was like, oh shoot. Because it's, it's like, it just happens. Like you don't even know what it happens.

11 (40m 21s):
Yep. After that happened when you were looking to have your baby that you have now. Yeah. Were you a bit nervous about like, if it would work out? Oh my God. Would you be safe during the pregnancy? Like what were your thoughts? I was so nervous. I was so an and and I'm an an anxiety written person, which is why I drink and smoke so much weed to chill. Try to chill myself out. I was so anxious. I was so nervous. And I. Talk about in the book how I was like anxiety master level when I was pregnant on the set of Queens. Because I was like, here it is. Okay, I'm working. Which is great. And, I'm so grateful and blessed. But is it to the detriment of my kid? Like, am I gonna lose this baby? Like, I was literally going to the doctor trying to hear the heartbeat just so I could feel calm on set. So yeah, I was scared.

11 (41m 2s):
I was really, really scared.

21 (41m 3s):
You, you You know it's crazy when you younger and you don't know what anxiety, And I guess You know depression is. Yeah. We all have those coping mechanisms 'cause they're all around. So whether it's in the lifestyle in the hood, just growing up you see family members drinking and then I know hip hop didn't help.

11 (41m 16s):
Oh yeah. No, hell no. Have another drink. We

21 (41m 19s):
Smoke some more. Ah

11 (41m 20s):
Yeah. Smoke some more. Oh, you crying, it's fine. Have a drink. Like, no, hell no. Because everybody was doing it also. Nobody was using these words. Nobody was talking about anxiety nor they was talking about mental health. Nobody was talking about depression. That's right. Like literally it was just like, all right, well you'll be all right. You'll be all right. You'll be all right. Like I that it, it was what it was. Was what It was.

21 (41m 37s):
Time. And when did you realize you had a problem? Like you just, like what made

11 (41m 39s):
You feel I got a problem? Honestly, my DUI. Mm. My DUI was the time that and, and not, not even just the moment of the DUI, it was when I couldn't drink. Mm. So I had 56 days where I couldn't drink And. I was so scared of that 56 days because I couldn't remember a time where I hadn't drank. So I even begged my lawyer at the time like, can I go do community service at a hospice? Can I go like I'll do anything. And she was like, no, this is what you have to do. And I say this in the book. It saved my life because it was the first time in a very long, actually not even a very long time, it was the first time I ever sat with my fucking emotions. Like actual why am I drinking? What am I trying to cover up? Why am I trying to numb myself? What is the problem? And I had to sit with my And I cried a lot.

11 (42m 21s):
And. I needed it. I needed it

9 (42m 23s):
At that time. What were friends, family, associates.

11 (42m 26s):
So my other issue is that I push people away. And that's another thing that I realized is emotionally, I didn't grow up in a family that really talked. We didn't say I love you. We didn't say I hate you if was bad we screamed Also, you just knew you were loved. So I really just didn't know about, I didn't know communication. And. I always felt like my mom had me young. So I feel like we grew up together. So I always felt like I needed to be independent. She raised me very independent, fiercely independent. So I think I was just like, I need to deal with the shit on my own. Plus I'm a Scorpio. Like I think it has a lot to do with that. Like, I don't know.

9 (42m 59s):
So how were you as a parent now? Because I think my parents probably Charlamagne's parents. Yeah. Those older parents were always, they never really show much love. They never said I love you. You knew it was there. Yeah. They you from

11 (43m 8s):
Philly too. And. I from Philly, feisty Philly. Like listen, you better just get on with it. Like, so

9 (43m 13s):
How would you

11 (43m 13s):
As a mom, I'm a smother mother. I am a s mother. I'm like, grandma Christmas come and he's already like, mama like get off me. And. I was actually scared that I wouldn't connect. I swear to God. I was like, And I. My sister-in-Law told me that too. She has three kids. And she was like, don't feel weird. 'cause some women sometimes just don't connect immediately. And I just thought possibly because of the way I grew up, maybe I won't be You. know what I'm saying? And it makes me emotional. Like 'cause like, so it's just, it's a freedom. It's so nice. And, I. I'm just going, he's gonna be spoiled and he's probably gonna get away with a lot of, it's okay. But

21 (43m 50s):
Are you raising him out of fear or love?

11 (43m 52s):
Ugh, now that is a good question. Love for sure love. But I tackle with fear. Mm. I tackle with fear. So Yeah. But

9 (44m 1s):
You want him to be in a position where he really calls mom regardless of anything. A hundred percent You know. 'cause he even growing up, you call your parents when you had to, had to. But now my son who's he's about to be 21, he calls his mom for everything. Yeah. And I love their relationship. Yeah. Because I know that if something happens, mom got his back. You know. Yeah.

11 (44m 17s):
Nah, that's real. I do because I couldn't talk to my mom about and not, and it's not her fault. Like my mom, me and my mom now are like, it's not her fault. That's how she grew up. Yeah. I was scared of my mother. Which is fine. I think a little fear is important. Yes. You

21 (44m 29s):
Know what I'm saying? But she was probably scared for you growing up

11 (44m 31s):
Up hundred percent

21 (44m 32s):
On Murder Street. Right. So So that's why, why I asked were they really raise you out? Are you raising 'em out of fear of love? 'cause Yeah, our parents raised us outta fear because they didn't want us to end up in bad situations. A hundred percent Or end up like them. Like

11 (44m 43s):
My dad. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. All we

9 (44m 45s):
Got more with Eve when we come back, don't move. Its The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It Djj envy Jess ais Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Eve. Charlemagne another

21 (44m 57s):
Good part in the book of the, unbeknownst to Jay-Z He put a battery in your back. Yeah.

11 (45m 0s):
Early. Yes. Yes. It's funny 'cause that was one of those things that we were like, do we put this in there? 'cause I know how people get, but it's nothing bad about that. You know. It's, it's one of those things where it was a very amazing phone call that I needed that was one of those I always felt like I was the underdog anyway. And he wasn't saying it outta malice or mean that wasn't about that. It was fact really.

21 (45m 23s):
It felt like he was trying to temple your expectations. Yes,

11 (45m 25s):
Exactly. But I was like, eh, okay, let me see. I'm gonna show you. Yeah, it's all good. It's all good. And, and, and it went on to be fine. But, and like I say in the book, we all have that person that something no matter what industry or whatever You know what I'm saying? We all have that thing or someone says something they don't even know that you're like, okay, I'm gonna use that. No problem. You know what I mean? One

9 (45m 48s):
Of the dope You know things I love is, is you talk about your big brothers in the industry. Right. Because you don't really hear that that much. Yeah. And how rough riders and oh my God and all them You know kind of was your big brothers to make sure they protected you. Talk about that a little bit because nah, in this industry you hear so many crazy stories, but yeah, they was showing up, but knives, guns, and everything they needed to, to make sure you were safe. Listen,

11 (46m 6s):
I was so protected. I am. I'm so forever grateful as well that Ruff Ryders is the crew that I come from. They respected me, protected me, celebrated me a lot.

The News Agent (46m 16s):
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, The news agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs And the news agents USA following every twist. And turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

1111 Media (46m 46s):
Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the academy. I wanted this album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111. Media

Nissan (47m 16s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and so in the scenery, have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always secure cargo.

Coca-Cola (48m 15s):
The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artist and their latest with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, A Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.

Purdue Global (48m 57s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.

11 (49m 57s):
Out me to be me at all times. And yeah, if they had to shake it sometimes, I dunno. Did Philly come out? I was, that was one of the things I was wondering about. That's why I was so excited to meet you. I was like, I wonder how much, how Philly, she's still going to be No Philly. I never, that can never go. That can never ever go. I do say words now and then I will say my manager is there. He's from London. I will say 'cause for the, for my baby, I try to keep like consistent. Yeah. So I do say rubbish sometimes And, I do say jumper. But Philly is always, always, you can't take it outta me. You can't take it outta me. Your baby's a bit older now. I know. I saw you talk about exposing your husband to like Eve from Philly. Yeah. Like whatever. How do you, like, are you having those conversations with your baby yet?

11 (50m 39s):
Are you, is he back and forth to Philly? Like are you doing that exposure to Yes. No, he comes back and forth to Philly. We'll be there in a few days. He was just there a few months ago playing with his cousins. Like And, I love that. 'cause it's a different vibe. And. I love that. And. I feel like he needs that and it's gonna be such a rich childhood for him because England is so different. Yeah. Does he have accent, his cousins accent? Yes he does. He says garage. Garage. He says garage.

21 (51m 5s):
He says John,

11 (51m 8s):
Wait, I need to start teaching him that now. Yeah.

21 (51m 11s):
You know in the, and the things fall apart chapter you said, did you feel like the spirit of the Ruff riders died with DMX? God bless the dead. Yes. When, when that rr chapter of your life closed, did you, did you feel a sense of grief with that as well?

11 (51m 24s):
Yes and no. Yes. In the sense of obviously with X because of XA hundred percent, but no, in the sense that we've all kind of gone off and been on our own shit for so long in between all of that. Because You know before he died, may he rest. We was supposed to do a Rough Riders tour. We had been talking about a rough Ryders tour. So yes and no.

21 (51m 46s):
Now You know now the TV show Eve. Yes. The name of the show was Eve. Yeah, but your character's name was Shelly.

11 (51m 51s):
I know. Why, why? That's what the network wanted. And then they was like, oh, like the Cosbys where it was, they were the Huxtables. Oh. But his name was Cosby. So everybody knew the show. Trust me. I tried to fight them on that. I never thought, never thought about that. The Cosby Show. They I, they I had, I tried to fight him.

21 (52m 6s):
That's another part of your life I feel like doesn't get talked about enough. Yeah. You had a sitcom literally You, know what I mean? Yeah, that did

11 (52m 13s):
Well. Yeah, that did. Well. I was very, very lucky. It did well And I didn't take it as seriously as I feel like I should have or could have And I talk about that in the book. I don't believe in regrets, but probably that's my only one of my only ones where I just didn't take it as seriously as I could have.

21 (52m 31s):
What would you have done different?

11 (52m 32s):
I would've shown up to table reads. Not coming straight from the club. I would not be having after parties in my dressing room. I was, yeah, but I was the youngest on set. And. I was trying to figure out how you were a real rapper. I was a real rapper. That's a real rapper stuff like, literally like I was having after parties, we'd come from the club, go to my dressing room and then I'm like, damn, I gotta be on set. Like not realizing like how many people, how many the crew You know what I'm saying? Like so I just, I really would have done that different, yes. I've

9 (53m 1s):
Gotta ask about You know the kept woman comment, right? Oh God. Like people forget who you are and all the things that you did.

11 (53m 6s):
I've been working for a long, long time. What

9 (53m 8s):
Does that, where does that come from? Like EA kept woman,

11 (53m 10s):
And.

9 (53m 11s):
I'm like, do y'all know? Even the woman she put in

11 (53m 15s):
Woman worrying. There is nothing wrong. She's

21 (53m 17s):
Not one. No

11 (53m 18s):
There's not. Listen If, you could do it If, you get great. God bless you if that's what you want. And that's who you are. I have zero personally, I have zero problems with it. I think it is a disservice to who I am and what I've done and what I've built for myself. That's why I have a problem with it. Like, yeah, okay, yeah, I married this dude. I'm not gonna marry a broke dude. That's real. Like, but he's not, I think people also have put on him more than what he is. And he's not that we, we do stuff for each other together. Like he's just a dude I fell in love with. Like let Google, he's a billionaire, right? Is he's not a billionaire. Oh. 'cause that was always the headlines I saw. Like even I'm like, and that's why I'm like, no, he's not a billionaire. He not a billion man. I'm

9 (53m 55s):
Looking it up. Come on, hurry up man.

11 (53m 56s):
Listen,

9 (53m 57s):
He's a bird by the way. He looks a

11 (54m 0s):
Got millions You. Gotta You know Lord. No. But at the same time, no I'm not kept. If I didn't wanna work it'd be fine. But it's, I just who I am to the core, to my DNA. Like I just, it's just who I am.

9 (54m 14s):
And how was the transition to London like? Yeah, when you decided to move to London, you had to be

11 (54m 19s):
Cheese stakes. It was one place though. You tried. It was one place and it was good. And they were from, they, they did have amarillo's bread, which was the good bread. But then I think they shut down. Okay,

9 (54m 29s):
So how was moving to 60 million by the way? 60 million.

11 (54m 31s):
Million. Where the billionaire thing came from? I don't know. I think maybe 'cause he's white and British. I don't even know. I said literally no quote for me. I swear to God, And I never FactCheck that. I just maybe 'cause he is white and British. I thought it because I was like, I'm gonna be honest, I never fact checked. It was a bad guy. Y'all fact check. I never said it. It was you. And then it was, remember when Rihanna was with the, oh, they had like photos of y'all like I girls, we can do it. No, it was like we can do it. There were memes. Yeah. That's why I remember how much money I thought he was worth was because No, no, no, no. He was up there.

9 (55m 4s):
So that was the transition to To moving to London. No cheese, steak. What

11 (55m 6s):
Else? Yeah, no, it was hard. The first two years were really brutal. Definitely And. I still have moments where I miss like conveniences and things. I know British people, I love you 'cause you different. You good. You use the you warm. But some of them ain't warm cold. Some of 'em could be cold. It's hard to get in there. Like it took a minute. It takes a minute. It takes a minute. And it's still weird and different. But I've been there 10 years. Like it is actually home. So. So

9 (55m 30s):
When you get a presidential race here, you'd be like, all right, I'm just gonna stay in London.

11 (55m 32s):
No, but I'm still voting from that. I already put in my like absentee. Make sure y'all get my absentee. Like, because it's important. 'cause I'm still American. I am American. And. I do care what happens here. Because at one, at some point I wanna come back with my kids. So he experience, I want him go to college here. Mm. Like that is my goal. Like I want him to come back. And, I, pray by then that the country is what it needs to be.

9 (55m 51s):
All. We got more with Eve when we come back. Let's get to a Eve. Mini mix. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne. The guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess. That was a Eve mini mix. Let's get back to our interview with Eve. We gotta talk about NYU. What are you doing with NYU?

11 (56m 8s):
Yeah, so I am Professor Jeff Cooper now I'm doing their Steinhardt residency, year residency. So basically I get to teach whatever I want or just come and just, I won't say vibe 'cause it's more than that, but it's like conversations about who I am, what I am, what they offer. And then we're gonna do like a big event in the spring with, with some of the students from there, the musicians, everything like that. So this is a huge deal for me because I mean I never knew this was even available. I would've never even thought this was something. So I'm very, very honored to be there. Scholar in residence? Scholar,

9 (56m 43s):
Scholar, resident. Scholar residents at nyu? Yeah. So you, do you have to be there or will it be

11 (56m 47s):
I do. So in

9 (56m 47s):
Zoom

11 (56m 48s):
Or no, so the, I have to do two. I'm doing my first event next Saturday. Just like meet and greet and then I do my first official one in November. You have

9 (56m 56s):
A curriculum and everything? Yeah.

11 (56m 57s):
First official one in November I'm gonna do one in London and then in the spring back here. And then if I wanna continue then we'll see what happens. But yeah. When you're here, does your family, like your husband and all you guys kids come with you or The baby is here but my husband is doing gumball, which is how we met his great, his rally. It's my first one I haven't done in 10 years. Wow. But, and that ain't Asia, so Hi baby.

21 (57m 18s):
Do it right? Raps it up.

11 (57m 19s):
I write poems more. I went back to that 'cause that's where I kind of first started. That being said, we are talking about, because this book also falls around the 25th anniversary of my first album. Oh wow. So yes. Let that be Eve. So we are talking about reworking stuff to put it out next year. So there will be some new stuff next year. If, you rework stuff or like do anything music wise, would you add any of the new girl artists to anything? I definitely want to. I definitely want, we're still talking about it Top to top three go-tos. Oof. Yeah. I dunno. That's hard. I ain't even gonna lie because we've been talking about it. Because ultimately I, I don't wanna do anything that's looks like I'm just jumping on some just to jump on it. I feel like it needs to be, it has to be organic and Right for those, those kind of the, those records.

11 (57m 60s):
So we are still figuring it out. I

9 (58m 2s):
Just wanted to know what the thought process was back then because when you came out, like, I'm just thinking about it. You did, you wasn't in a single A box, right? Yeah. You did the sexy rap at times. Yeah. But then you did the women empowerment rap, but then you was, I don't even

21 (58m 13s):
Remember even doing sexy rap. She just was a fly chick.

11 (58m 15s):
No, but I think it said the demeanor was sexy though. Yeah. It was very much like NVE. Yeah. I don't think, yeah, lyrically I don't think I really went there. But when it came to maybe like Yeah. Style. Yeah.

21 (58m 26s):
She

11 (58m 26s):
Didn't have to force it. It was, yeah. It wasn't forced

9 (58m 28s):
When you didn't Love Is Blind did was the label behind it or they was like, this is totally from what's out now? I

11 (58m 33s):
Was shocked that they were behind it. I was actually really shocked. Especially that early in my career with Ruff Riders. But they were, they were completely behind it. I think once I added the third verse where I also popped them like it also, you killed

9 (58m 45s):
Them and killed them in there.

11 (58m 46s):
Yeah. It was like, I think that was fine. But yeah, they were totally behind it. Yeah. Well we, I know you said earlier that you guys had been talking about a reunion Yes. Before DMX passed. Yeah. Would you con or would y'all consider doing something like that now without him being here? Or you feel like it couldn't be done without him? I don't know. I would leave that up to DNY to figure out. I think that would be up to them. And if they wanna bring us together, I've, I'll always be there. Of course. Yeah. But I think it's more up to them to figure it out. Yeah.

21 (59m 14s):
You know. You know In the Hollywood chapter you talk about going to the Church of Scientology. Yeah. Could, could you explain to the people what the hell made you do that? You break up all

11 (59m 21s):
The rules. 'cause I got invited by somebody who, I was like a

21 (59m 26s):
Rap legend. A rap keep

11 (59m 27s):
A rap legend you say yes that I was like, well If you are going. I just need to see. Plus I'm very much Bart Simpson. Like I'm very much, I will touch the fire just to make sure it's fire. And I, who, when the hell else am I gonna get into the celebrity Scientology Center? I was scared of shit the whole time I was in there. I did not eat the food that was like, they are going to drug me. Yes. And brainwash me. You

21 (59m 49s):
Gotta break it down. When you walked in there, what was it? Was it, you need to go by the book, but people

11 (59m 54s):
Was crazy. Who was the rapper? I don't wanna say because I don't even know if it's she's, I don't wanna out nobody because I don't even know if she's still doing it. Okay. So only for those reasons. cia, that was crazy. And I was hungover. That was the other thing. I wa I remember that. That's why I was so stressed. But it was very weird. You definitely gotta read that chapter. Very weird. So you walk in, is there like access codes or like hood? There's people with you. There's like people everywhere and every, like there are people everywhere watching everything and there are special people to walk you to the It was, they all wear the same thing. Like it was crazy.

21 (1h 0m 27s):
You know what I wanted to ask you? In the Evil Destruction chapter, you talk about your time with aftermath and Yeah. You know when you got dropped from the label, Dray didn't even bother to call you. How was it when things came full circle? You done blew up and y'all ended up doing, let me Blow Your Mind. Did y'all even, did you bring that up to him? Like, You know You ain't even called me when you

11 (1h 0m 42s):
No, I didn't even need to. I remember before we even did Blow Your Mind, we did the source awards. And I was like, now I'm on the same stage as you with the rough rods. Like, so it went from that to Jimmy being like, y'all need to get back in the studio, do a song. And it was kind of just me being so extra, extra Philly. Mm. Like yeah, okay well let me hear the beat. Let me hear the like so extra. Like, so we never ever discussed it but we also knew, listen Dre is one the the greatest like Right. So I knew he was gonna get it outta me. I just, I made it hard.

21 (1h 1m 15s):
You were, the book is out right now. Who's that? Girl? Who's that? Girl, I appreciate you for joining.

11 (1h 1m 20s):
I do one. No, thank you for having me

21 (1h 1m 21s):
Though. I got one final question about who's that girl? Yes. Who, who were you at the start of this book? Yeah. Oh that's a good question. And who would you say you are? Oh

11 (1h 1m 28s):
That's a good question. At the start, I definitely tried to write it like an interview and Kathy actually checked me on that 'cause she was like, look, I don't wanna take you back to trauma, but you need to emote for people to understand where you're coming from. So I think I was slightly guarded and then as I went through it and I'm getting, I don't know, I'm getting emotional. It's okay. Go ahead. First time somebody asked me this question, you home. I just feel like all that that I had on like one of my healers used to call it an invisible backpack of other people's. Listen, my life's been great. This is, this is not a book about being like, this is not a book. This is a book about me realizing how, as much as I say I was in this personal tomo turmoil term.

11 (1h 2m 11s):
Turmoil. Turmoil. Turmoil. Yes. Turmoil. How determined I was to believe in myself to get to a certain place. And that at the end of the book I was like, damn, I'm proud of myself. So yeah.

9 (1h 2m 22s):
Alright. Word. Who that girl in memoir out right now. Thank you for joining us this morning. Thank you.

11 (1h 2m 27s):
I did not expect tears

9 (1h 2m 28s):
To

11 (1h 2m 29s):
On like at all. But thank you for having me.

9 (1h 2m 31s):
I'm glad you didn't fall. We ain't got no tissue.

11 (1h 2m 34s):
I was ain't even

9 (1h 2m 35s):
Try. You ain't even try If. you can let it flow.

11 (1h 2m 41s):
We need it for the content. Hand the

9 (1h 2m 43s):
Tissues right? Let it throw it. All right. It's The, Breakfast Club. It's eve Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. LaRosa music is real weather. Just Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody. World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coaches coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to me.

11 (1h 3m 14s):
So Jesse Collins, who is, he helps produce the Super Bowl. He produces major award shows for anybody that does not know him and his work. He's actually producer over the 2025 Super Bowl that will be coming. And he sat down and did an interview with a variety. And in the interview they talked about a bunch of different stuff. But they did ask him about the decision to choose Little Wayne over Kendrick Lamar, I'm sorry to choose Kendrick Lamar over Little Wayne. Now he responded with a, a few quotes that are going viral now, right now because he basically pinned that decision totally on Jay-Z and You know there's been a conversation about if Jay-Z was responsible for this decision or not and the people should be upset about it or not. So in one quote, Jesse Collins says, we love Wayne when the subject was raised.

11 (1h 3m 59s):
He said, there's always Vegas odds on who's going to get to perform, but I think we're gonna do an amazing show with Kendrick and everybody's gonna love the halftime show. I know Kendrick works hard to deliver an amazing show. And then he went deeper and he said he then he then said that ultimately Jay-Z is who makes the final call with his Roc Nation with the fact that Roc Nation serves as a half halftime co-producer. It's a decision that Jay makes since we've been on board with that show. When he says we, he's talking about his production company. Jay has made it every year the decision of who performs. And it's been amazing. He's always picked, right? So this was circulating like crazy 'cause people were like, see y'all out here blaming, I don't know, Lil Wayne's work ethic when really it's Jay-Z.

11 (1h 4m 41s):
And people have this whole narrative that Jay-Z hates little Wayne and blah blah blah. One of the people that was kind of doubling down on this narrative, not even kind of, but double down on this narrative was Nicki Minaj. So when Glock topics on Twitter retweeted one of the quotes from Jesse Col Collins saying that Jay-Z picked the people every single year. Nicki Minaj retweeted that with the laughing emoji and then You know she went, she's done so much with the rant. So she just a tweak from one of her rants after this deny or PR previous when she talked about denying a young black man a right to play to put in for this game because of what he's done done prior to. She's talking about people having hate for Birdman Drake, Nick.

11 (1h 5m 21s):
So now that they're, now they're punishing Lil Wayne. Lil Wayne is the goat. Nola was good. Like y'all know Nicki be going on her rans. But basically she was saying that she felt like Lil Wayne was being punished because people have issues with some of his artists and just issues surrounding him. So it's falling back on him. But he's the goat and he should have the chance to do the New Orleans Super Bowl. It's crazy how I couldn't even get through that tour.

21 (1h 5m 39s):
That could be spazzing. Well keep that. I would say keep all of that same energy in February when Kendrick Lamar and Dave Free put on one of the greatest Super Bowls we've ever seen. Not to mention if Jay-Z gets all the credit, then he gets all the credit for all other great Super Bowls that we've seen. He gets credit for the weekend, he gets credit for drag and Snoop, he gets credit for Usher, he gets credit for Rihanna, right? Yeah.

9 (1h 5m 56s):
Okay. Yeah. But people could also You know, want their choice and wanna know why that wasn't their choice. That's their You know their their right to, to want that. But I'm, I'm with You know before Rock Nation took over, do y'all remember the acts that we used to see at the halftime show? So Beach Boys? Yes.

21 (1h 6m 11s):
Okay. Maroon

9 (1h 6m 12s):
Five,

21 (1h 6m 13s):
Which I don't have no problem. Maroon five. I didn't Rolling

9 (1h 6m 15s):
Stones. Are they alive?

21 (1h 6m 16s):
Rolling Stones are alive and they're fantastic. Don't be disrespectful.

9 (1h 6m 19s):
I'm just, I don't know. I don't listen to that. I'm just asking. I don't know. So they asking the same thing about You know what our artists, I don't

21 (1h 6m 25s):
Know. I'll be honest with you man. You know You know what it ain't about who don't appreciate things. It's about who does. Yeah. So keep that same energy in February when Kendrick Lamar puts on one of the greatest Super Bowls we've ever seen.

11 (1h 6m 37s):
I mean You know it's,

21 (1h 6m 38s):
And let's also be clear too, if the Super Bowl, And I was one of those people that was saying Lil Wayne and And I thought

9 (1h 6m 43s):
Lil Wayne should get a juvenile friends

21 (1h 6m 45s):
In New Orleans. But it's only because they was in New Orleans. If it wasn't in New Orleans, I wouldn't be thinking about that at all. And I don't know where I got that expectation other than la I got the expectation from LA and because they gave us Dre and Snoop and Rams was in the Super

9 (1h 6m 56s):
Bowl. I sure was Vegas. Vegas Asha. Because he did the residency in

11 (1h 6m 58s):
Vegas. Vegas, yeah. Because he was in Vegas for so long. So it felt like that was his home for a

21 (1h 7m 1s):
Minute. That's it. That's it. That's the only reason. It was not like a Super Bowls in Barbados. Y'all. But

9 (1h 7m 4s):
Breonna performed now you Right. But they do have the records. They do have the hits too due to Super Bowl.

11 (1h 7m 8s):
Yeah, but are we ar are we not arguing back though?

21 (1h 7m 11s):
You know what I mean? I'm not mad at Kendrick Lamar. It's Kendrick Lamar. Guys, come

11 (1h 7m 15s):
On. I'm not mad at Kendrick Lamar either. You know who's Kendrick Lamar You know who else is not mad about any of this whatsoever. Jay-Z. He was, he tripping never like him and Beyonce be so unbothered. I'm trying to drink whatever t they drink in the morning. Like they be so unbothered. He was out in New Jersey. They cut the ribbon for the first fanatic sports book at Ocean Atlantic Casino

9 (1h 7m 33s):
Resort

11 (1h 7m 34s):
Atlantic? Yeah. Yeah. Atlantic City. Atlantic City. Yeah. So he not bothered whatsoever. Smiling, happy, having a great time. People

21 (1h 7m 40s):
Mad at that when they say why Atlantic City, not Brooklyn, what they match.

9 (1h 7m 44s):
But then if he bring Casino, then

11 (1h 7m 45s):
If he bring something here. 'cause I heard before people were complaining. Complaining when it was the reports that he was bringing

9 (1h 7m 50s):
Something traffic. He was trying to bring something to Times Square Traffic. He's still trying to bring it to Times Square.

21 (1h 7m 53s):
Yeah. Pray that Roc Nation gets the casino bid for Times Square. Okay. I The streets need that. The streets. The streets What? Imagine Friday we just leave here and go right up the street to the casino.

11 (1h 8m 2s):
You don't go nowhere.

21 (1h 8m 4s):
I would go to that 'cause You know why. 'cause it's gonna be not just a casino. It's gonna be probably it's a hotel. It's gonna be be a

9 (1h 8m 8s):
Hotel, it's

11 (1h 8m 9s):
Gonna be, you'll be there two shots.

21 (1h 8m 11s):
Be food in there. There's gonna be

9 (1h 8m 12s):
Restaurants.

11 (1h 8m 13s):
You'll be there for two weeks when it first opened. Why you sit back like that?

9 (1h 8m 16s):
Because you lying. You know I'm not going on. You ain't go. But that don't mean I wouldn't want him in the city. He'll go, I'll that me. He'll go, I'll go to that. He'll

11 (1h 8m 22s):
Go look, call me when you get outside now. He'll go even gonna answer the phone.

9 (1h 8m 25s):
There'll be a back entrance. He'll go right in that back door. I would go

11 (1h 8m 27s):
For that. In other news. I'm

9 (1h 8m 30s):
You ain't learning yet. Huh? Hold on. Wait. All right. Get them sealed. You better be. You better be quiet today. Be freaked out. Never been

11 (1h 8m 38s):
This morning. Y You know like I know NYD is tuned in. Today

9 (1h 8m 41s):
Is not the day.

11 (1h 8m 42s):
Freaked out And.

9 (1h 8m 43s):
I never been to D Sealed this morning. Never been to D have you? You was over there. I was not. You tripped and fell and had a freak accident. I was not. Yes she did. I de freak accident there. No. And they

11 (1h 8m 52s):
Call you freak accident envy. No,

9 (1h 8m 55s):
I didn't have no freak accident there. No slip trip, no fall, no busting. Nothing. No busting. Nothing.

11 (1h 9m 1s):
No busting. No. That's right.

9 (1h 9m 4s):
Try to get ahead of them int I never busted my ass. There was no freak accident.

11 (1h 9m 9s):
Envy. Just stop talking. I didn't

9 (1h 9m 10s):
Fall. I didn't get big in the backyard. I was not in the bed. Nowhere near there. Bust my ass in Betty House.

11 (1h 9m 19s):
Envy. I told you to stop talking. You just wanted keep going. Excuse me.

9 (1h 9m 23s):
I was never there. Ma'am.

11 (1h 9m 25s):
You were never there. Never

9 (1h 9m 26s):
There. Lord have mercy. Freak,

11 (1h 9m 29s):
Accident, envy, hate.

9 (1h 9m 30s):
I hate this place. FAE. Are you finished?

11 (1h 9m 32s):
Go ahead Faye. Go ahead.

9 (1h 9m 34s):
You said go ahead. What Faye freak

11 (1h 9m 35s):
Accident.

9 (1h 9m 36s):
What I heard you say chopping.

The News Agent (1h 9m 42s):
Take A deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World the news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel With Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agents USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.

Paris Hilton - 1111 Media (1h 10m 13s):
Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111. Media

Nissan (1h 10m 43s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owners manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

Coca-Cola (1h 11m 33s):
The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.

Purdue Global (1h 12m 16s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.

7 (1h 13m 16s):
Chop and screw. Damn. Took it back

21 (1h 13m 19s):
To the nineties. Let's

7 (1h 13m 21s):
Go. Let's chop on the cool bone for the 90 drop Cobo for that.

11 (1h 13m 26s):
Stop. Do not do that, Ray, why are you feeding into that? I feel

21 (1h 13m 29s):
Like I was with my daddy just

7 (1h 13m 30s):
Now. It scared me.

21 (1h 13m 31s):
Shout out to my pops.

11 (1h 13m 32s):
Y'all know I ain't

21 (1h 13m 33s):
Cowboy in.

11 (1h 13m 34s):
That's not supposed to be used nowhere. I don't even play on type of games. You be

9 (1h 13m 37s):
Crying now. All right, Lauren, Delaware. Go ahead, Delaware. All right, so man, we giving that dog. Kick

11 (1h 13m 45s):
It. Be really over here nervous. See,

7 (1h 13m 47s):
I'm not nervous you.

11 (1h 13m 49s):
I didn't say that though. I didn't say that before. After the

21 (1h 13m 50s):
Hour. Let's talk about somebody who may or may not have said something. We'll decide. Lauren,

9 (1h 13m 55s):
His name is

21 (1h 13m 55s):
Rich. Lower freak

11 (1h 13m 56s):
Accident. NB Lee, me alone. Right?

21 (1h 13m 58s):
He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a conversation with him.

9 (1h 14m 1s):
All it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning.

7 (1h 14m 3s):
Your

11 (1h 14m 3s):
Execution on the donkey of the day is something to hold.

7 (1h 14m 6s):
Is it a read?

11 (1h 14m 8s):
He gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve to. People need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne there only one Charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving dusty of the day too? Now?

21 (1h 14m 29s):
Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Tuesday, September 17th goes to the editor in chief of the National Review. Rich Lowry. Oh, the mayonnaise is heavy with this one. Okay, now, as someone who talks for a living, I understand misspeaking. It happens all the time. Lauren just did it. You know I

11 (1h 14m 46s):
Did not say that word. I would never say that word. And don't keep putting that on me. We

21 (1h 14m 50s):
Talk a lot, Lauren. It's okay. Okay. All

11 (1h 14m 52s):
Right.

21 (1h 14m 52s):
Lauren. I talk a lot You know from Breakfast Club to Brilliant Idiots. So defensive,

11 (1h 14m 55s):
A lot of nothing, but I didn't say that word. So, so

21 (1h 14m 57s):
Defensive. Countless appearances on Cable News Network. CNN and M-S-N-B-C. Fox. Now you gonna have people going to look for it, Lauren, whatever it is, whatever it is, I talk a lot. Okay, so you gonna slip up and say things you didn't mean to say. You gonna slip up and say things you didn't mean to say, but you were thinking, right, Lauren? Okay. One thing. One thing I do, You know if, if I'm reading something right, like right before I'm about to talk, for whatever reason, I may say what I was just reading. Especially if I'm not really paying attention to what is being said around me. Have you ever been reading something and someone is trying to talk to you at the same time, but you not really paying that person any attention because you're so deep into whatever it is you are reading. So then when you realize the person is asking you something, you reply, but it's about what you were reading and has absolutely nothing to do with what they said to you.

21 (1h 15m 43s):
I'm the only person that does that. No. Oh,

11 (1h 15m 44s):
I do it all the, the time. I do on texting

21 (1h 15m 45s):
All the time. Okay. I said all that. The cover for when I misspeak. But that has nothing to do with Rich Lowry. R Lauren. Okay. See Rich Lowry. Don't

11 (1h 15m 54s):
Put me with that man. You keep trying to put me with all these random, don't put me with that, man. I don't got nothing to do with that. And I ain't say that word. See, rich.

21 (1h 16m 1s):
What word? What

11 (1h 16m 2s):
Word? Any word that you thought at this point. I'm about to start signing in here so it's clear signing.

21 (1h 16m 10s):
Okay. Rich Lowry was on the Megan Kelly show. And I. Don't want to tell you what he said because a lot of times the internet tells us what someone said, and that's all we hear when we listen. So I'm gonna play this clip. And I, want everyone here at the Black Mothership, AKA The, Breakfast, Club Studios and everyone in their cars You know everybody listening on the iHeartRadio app. Wherever you're listening, I want you to immediately either say out loud what you heard him say, or just hit us on social media and tell me what he said. Okay? This is Rich Lowry, editor in chief of the National Review on Megan Kelly's show. And he was talking about JD Vance's comments to Dana Bash. Dana Bash. Remember JD told Dana that the Haitian migrants in spring, JD told Dan that, that the Haitian migrants in Springfield, Ohio were, what did he say?

21 (1h 16m 56s):
I forgot what he said. They were eating dogs or something like, oh, he said that he made it all up. Basically just to bring attention to the story. Let's listen.

27 (1h 17m 2s):
You remember alternative facts with Kellyann. They, they did the same thing. She wasn't saying you, you make up fictions and pretend they're facts. You, you bring other facts to bear in the debate that are being ignored. And that's what he was saying. And, I loved. I think it was in, in that interview where Dana Bash says, You know the police have gone through 11 months of recordings of calls and they've only found two Springfield residents calling to complain about Haitian   migrants. What? Taking geese from ponds.

11 (1h 17m 29s):
Now he said what he said Now he said what? He said, what

21 (1h 17m 32s):
Did you hear, Lauren?

11 (1h 17m 33s):
He said the N word

21 (1h 17m 35s):
Envy. What did you hear? Oh, yeah, absolutely. Positively red. What did you hear the same? Wow. Nick, Sid, y'all in the room.

11 (1h 17m 41s):
What you call him? You

21 (1h 17m 42s):
Haitian N Wow. Now, normally we don't say the N word, but for journalistic purposes, we have to figure out what he said. Let's play it again to make sure. Just isolate it. I just wanna hear that part.

27 (1h 17m 53s):
Haitian  

21 (1h 17m 54s):
Wow. Now we didn't put no sauce on that. No seasoning. Okay. Just like his mama's food. Let's chop him. Screw it. Red. What did he

27 (1h 18m 3s):
Haitian  

21 (1h 18m 5s):
Whoa, Jesus Christ. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Drop one of clue bombs for rich. Why you dropping the bomb for him? Take that bomb back, man. Rich may not have meant to say it, but you said it, rich. Okay? Whether you may not have meant to say it, but you said it. Now, the reason I'm giving you donkey today is because you're cleanup on I your clean up on I nigga game is horrible. Okay? Rich said And. I, quote on X, I began to mispronounce the word migrants and caught myself halfway through. Play it again for me. Right?

27 (1h 18m 36s):
Haitian  

21 (1h 18m 37s):
Now, damn, there are a lot. Can can we play play the can? Can we play the whole clip? I just wanna hear him because he said he, he was messed up. The word migrant came outta the blue

27 (1h 18m 45s):
Too. You remember alternative facts with Kellyann? They, they did the same thing. She wasn't saying you, you make up fictions and pretend they're facts. You, you bring other facts to bear in the debate that are being ignored. And that's what he was saying. And, I love. I think it was in, in that interview where Dana Bash says, You know the police have gone through 11 months of recordings of calls and they've only found two Springfield residents calling to complain about Haitian   migrants taking GE

21 (1h 19m 11s):
From pos. Listen, there are a lot of words that can get you to N word V. Okay? The word migrant ain't one of 'em. All right? Nickel can probably get you the N word V. Yes. NGA can probably get you the N word. V nix, maybe If. you say in nigga Aba. Nick aba. Right? Okay. nra. NRA can definitely get you the n word. VN nigga. Wait. nra. nra. There you go, nigga. There you see, that's why I get you there, you nigga. You didn't even have Nicaragua. You had no intention of going to N word bill. But see you now you're there. Now you,

11 (1h 19m 41s):
Those get you to the E, the hard R.

21 (1h 19m 42s):
That's what I'm saying. How do you pronounce that? N Nicaragua. Knickknack. Knickknack. Knickknack. Possibly Knickknack. Pat white. Give a block a bone. Those words can get you to N word bill, but migrants, nah. And your mans who worked at the National Review, Andrew McCarthy, he came to your defense as well. His reasoning was even dumber. He said on X, and I'm reading this verbatim, ridiculous. Rich obviously got crossed up between immigrants, short eye and migrants. Long eye started mispronouncing migrants with short eye instantly corrected himself with no embarrassment because it was patently a mispronunciation. Jace You know a white man is frustrated when he says, geez. Okay, listen Andrew, I'll be the first to tell you.

21 (1h 20m 27s):
I don't know what the hell you was talking about. Okay, immigrant Short eye migrants. Long Eye. Has anybody ever heard of that? I've never heard of that. No. Mm. Okay. All we heard was the N word and we were listening for the hard er. Nothing more than nothing less. Look, you made a mistake, rich. Okay? The N word was on your mind. I don't know if the n word being on your mind is racist or not. Okay? I mean, I, I, I think of crackers quite often. Cheez-It's my favorite. Okay. Rich with some peanut butter. Love them. All right. Club crackers with shrimp Dip. Yum. Me and Rich after what I just saw. Megan Kelly. I gotta say, you make me think of crackers too. Okay? Please let Chelsea handle it. Give Rich Lowry the biggest hee-haw. He

28 (1h 21m 7s):
Haw. He haw. That is way too much. Dan Mayonnaise.

21 (1h 21m 10s):
Let let Kathy Griffin get in on this too. Please

28 (1h 21m 13s):
Give this giant jar of mayo the biggest hee-haw.

21 (1h 21m 18s):
I I ain't heard from my cousin Chris Rock in a minute either. Where? Chris Rock at? Crack

9 (1h 21m 23s):
Ass

21 (1h 21m 23s):
Crack. Oh, what about my grandma girl? Still work the drive through Bitch Crack. Okay. All right. Just making sure all my people still here. All

9 (1h 21m 32s):
They all there. So, alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Is it Nicko? How do you pronounce that? I ain't playing no word Gang two. Oh yeah, you do not. I ain't playing no

21 (1h 21m 41s):
Games with two. Say Fab Lytics. Lauren

9 (1h 21m 46s):
Fab

21 (1h 21m 46s):
Lytics. Okay. Okay.

9 (1h 21m 47s):
Sure. Alright, well thank you for that donkey

21 (1h 21m 49s):
Day. Yes indeed. Now,

9 (1h 21m 50s):
Now when we come back, let's open up the full lines 805 8 5 1 0 5. When we not have a time to play it. Now we gotta play when we come back.

21 (1h 21m 55s):
I know, but I just wanna say there's been some, there's been some really great things happening in the culture, right? Like You know and You know Kendrick Lamar put out the song called The Party is Dead Right? And he saluted a couple people on the song. He saluted our guy Lecrae. Yep. Luther Lecrae dropping on acl. Monster Lecrae and he saluted our guy DD one. Shout to D one drop on acls bomb for D one and Lecrae and D one have both made response records. I don't wanna say response records, it's more like baton passing. Yes. Right, because Kendrick passed in the baton, then they took off.

9 (1h 22m 26s):
It wasn't a response. Yes, it was a

21 (1h 22m 27s):
Bat. Both made baton. I take that they both made records. And I. We should play all of 'em this morning because we can.

9 (1h 22m 34s):
Okay.

21 (1h 22m 34s):
We should play Kendrick. The party is dead. Yep. Then we should play Lecrae 'cause he was next. He put up the picture with the all white Air Force one. Lecrae

9 (1h 22m 41s):
Did. Yeah. And D one did D one put up the

21 (1h 22m 42s):
Re the Reebok Soldiers. Yeah, because he from New Orleans. Right. We should play all of those this morning and, and take phone calls if we, if we can.

9 (1h 22m 48s):
I don't know if we can play all of them.

21 (1h 22m 49s):
Why can't we play all of 'em? They long as hell. You ain't got no problem playing all of BS one as long as hell.

9 (1h 22m 55s):
We don't put the BS one. Hell, what?

21 (1h 22m 56s):
What's bs? And they not long as hell. They long as hell. How long are they? Alright, well let's just play Lecrae in D one. We Kendrick, we, okay.

9 (1h 23m 3s):
There we go. We can

21 (1h 23m 4s):
Do that. We go. All right, let, let's play, let's

9 (1h 23m 5s):
Play

21 (1h 23m 5s):
Snip. Let's play Kendrick's Parts rapping about them. There you go. There you the other.

9 (1h 23m 8s):
There you go. And then we'll take your phone calls. If, you haven't heard it? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. 'cause You

21 (1h 23m 13s):
Know what I wanna know, right? I wanna know if people really do want this. Everybody say a shift is happening, right? They don't want it. I don't, I I wanna know. I wanna know. Do people really want this? Do they want balance or they just, they just want this all the time? Well,

9 (1h 23m 25s):
Let's, let's talk about it when we come back. Yes. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning.

21 (1h 23m 28s):
The. Breakfast. Club.

9 (1h 23m 32s):
Good morning. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. We're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We were talking about Kendrick Lamar. He released a record last week. Friday.

21 (1h 23m 42s):
Yeah. Watch the

9 (1h 23m 42s):
Party die. And on this record he mentioned

21 (1h 23m 46s):
D one and Ree. And Ree. Let's play it. Play

30 (1h 23m 48s):
God, please forgive me. You know how hard I tried. I think it's time for me to watch the party die. Sometimes I wonder what Lecrae would do. Deon up or show him just what prayer do I wonder? Be empathetic my heart like D one. But I will, it's time to get these devils out the way. Heavy metals on. I swore we settle hard excuse today.

9 (1h 24m 10s):
Both those artists respond to D one and Lecrae If. you know, they've both been on The Breakfast Club several times. So we wanna get that on and take your phone calls. (800) 585-1051. It seems like there could be a possible shift in hip hip hop. That's what we discussing.

21 (1h 24m 22s):
And is this what we want? Do we want balance? Do we want more of this? Like what, what what we want? Let's talk about it.

9 (1h 24m 27s):
But let's play Lecrae first. Let's discuss, let's play Lecrae. We'll take your calls. We can play D one as well. Let's go. Now we got Coach Davis on the line. Coach Davis. What you think about Lecrae doing? We just heard,

31 (1h 24m 36s):
Hey, listen, You know what IIII think a total shift is involved is needed right now. And, I, And, I say that because of this, right? Chuck D broke it down. I'm as old as hip hop at 51 years, right? And Chuck D broke it down. He said, every five years there's a new generation of hip hop. So we talking 10 generations right now. And each generation there's a shift. We went from positivity with self-destruction and, and and, and, and Chuck d and, and all the positive rap. Then we went to gangster rap. Then from gangster rap we went to a a a party and, and and materialist with, with, with p Diddy and everybody.

31 (1h 25m 23s):
Then we went to this over hype drill rack that over hyperly sexualized rack.

21 (1h 25m 29s):
So, so now you think it, now you think it's time to come back. You think it's time to come back?

31 (1h 25m 33s):
Time to come back because a dumb and down of America, these yo this generation of kids right now are dumb. They not made to him. And I. Hate to say it that way, but we need to bring it back.

21 (1h 25m 43s):
No, say it. Speak it straight. Well

9 (1h 25m 45s):
Let's get into D one music. 'cause people haven't heard the D one joint as well. If, you just joining us. Of course. Kendrick Lamar mentioned D one and Lecrae on his song that he released on Friday. We just played Lecrae's, I don't wanna say response, but passing the re the baton. Yeah.

21 (1h 25m 58s):
Kendrick passed the baton and Lecrae Lecrae ran with it. Now D one guy that he running with,

9 (1h 26m 1s):
Let's get into it. Mr. Breakfast local morning. Now if you're just joining us, we played D one's track as a, I don't wanna say a response to Kendrick Lamar, but as Charlamagne said earlier, it's kind of like passing the baton. We also just played Lecrae. So we just getting your thoughts. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What do you think, Lauren?

11 (1h 26m 17s):
You think, are you asking me if I think people want that? Yes. No, I don't think so.

21 (1h 26m 22s):
I mean, it's phenomenal music. I do think, I think people want balance. I I do think people want balance. I just

11 (1h 26m 27s):
Think who, who are people? Like what people are you talking about? Humans? It depends. So you talking about like everybody as a like The. World?

21 (1h 26m 33s):
Yeah. People

11 (1h 26m 34s):
Don't, I don't think so. I think that there You know people want balance. No, I think that there are a group of people who are okay with listening to what they listen to that is not conscious. That just makes them feel good that they just party to and then they move on.

21 (1h 26m 43s):
Yeah. And then there's a whole group of people who want to hear stuff like that. That's what I mean when I say balance because we're talking to all of those people. Lauren. We're not just talking to

11 (1h 26m 50s):
The Ratt. Yeah, but I'm asking you, I thought you meant that all people want the balance. Like they want conscious and they want the the other stuff too. I don't believe that all people want both. I think. Yeah,

21 (1h 26m 58s):
All people. I don't, probably not, I don't think that, I don't, I couldn't make a broad generalization

9 (1h 27m 2s):
Like that. I think, I think it's also what what where people are in their life. Like You know. Some people want to hear party music. They want to hear different types of music. Like Lauren, Lauren wants to turn up, she don't want to hear positivity. She don't want to hear black man put your gun down. She don't want to hear. Let's work together. She wants to hear Hit me.

21 (1h 27m 16s):
And, I, And I. Think like what? What? And I think the problem. I party with

9 (1h 27m 19s):
You before Lauren. I know.

11 (1h 27m 20s):
And a party. No, I don't want to think about the trials and tribulations of The World. I just wanna have a good time. Okay.

21 (1h 27m 26s):
I think And I think that's been the problem with radio for so long. The problem with radio for so long, especially hip hop and r and b radio is that You know we only super serve one audience

9 (1h 27m 35s):
When it comes to it. Yes. At times. Yeah.

21 (1h 27m 38s):
Yep. So, so I think that's what, that's what Kendrick is saying on the party. The party must die. The party is dead. The party must dies.

9 (1h 27m 44s):
Dead the party. Yeah. Party dying or whatever may be the party

21 (1h 27m 45s):
Must die. And I, I love Lecrae's responses. And I love D one's responses. But like you said,

9 (1h 27m 51s):
We You know, most radio stations don't play that side of it. Like you, you rarely will hear Lecrae, you rarely will hear D one. I mean, at times is you rarely hear Kendrick, but that you really hear a j Cole You

11 (1h 28m 3s):
Know what I mean? Don't think, don't the stuff that y'all have to program to play, it goes by what's popular. Right. So like, but that's my thing. Even if you're a dj, that's into all of that. Like the balance. But, but that's

21 (1h 28m 11s):
My choice. You, you're right. But here's the thing. If, you look at the last 15 years of of of hip hop, right? The biggest artists ain't even really on that. The Kendricks, the Coles You know, even Drake like Drake, he makes those records. But Drake also makes stuff that makes you think whatever, whatever. Correct. But then you think about the big Seans and the Wale and the Chance rap. I'm just thinking about all of the people who have been popping over the last 15 years. Right? Correct. You know the Rhapsody who, who else? It's a bunch of them. Right? Right. But but even with those people existing, we, you still find a way to play the low vibrational stuff that Yeah. But but also that's in the

9 (1h 28m 44s):
Clubs, I guess. But also, but also what most people don't know when it comes to when radio stations, right. A record label picks a single and they go for that single, right. So they push that single hard. They

21 (1h 28m 52s):
Still do that

9 (1h 28m 53s):
Now. Yes. And the, and the majority of the singles that they push are the records that are not like I La Craze or the records. That's not like D ones are very, very, very not too much. You, you don't hear that many j Cole records. You don't hear that many Kendrick records

21 (1h 29m 5s):
Like that because you got a bunch of SL to all the new guys that's doing that too, though. The La Russells and the Earth gangs. Oh, I love La Russell Senos.

11 (1h 29m 12s):
Like, I love him. I love his music. I love it. The content he puts out. I love how he don't care about nothing but what he does. But you don't, a lot of people like him don't break through and they're not able to live off of what they're doing. He's doing very well for himself.

21 (1h 29m 24s):
Could, but you also got a lot of older executives in place who aren't really paying attention to that. And they're so, they're so programmed to only do what it is they know. Yeah. Which is research You know what I mean? They still, what is research?

9 (1h 29m 36s):
But, but people also feel like, I I, I know they always also feel like that certain people relate to them because they came, come from that area, that hood. Right? Whether it's Moneybag, yo coming from Memphis, they feel like people will feel that more in certain areas. They feel like somebody coming from Brooklyn or, or from the hoods of New York might feel pop, smoker, favio, foreign more. It's just what people feel like. But people relate to them. And some people just don't relate to D one or they don't relate to Lecrae.

11 (1h 29m 59s):
I think the saturation artist has a lot to do with it too. Like, you don't have to be, you don't have to have staying power. You just gotta get a viral song, make it on TikTok, and then boom, the labels on the

21 (1h 30m 7s):
Body. And. I. See that's the problem. I think that's what radio reacts to. Radio reacts to those viral singles, which is fine. But once again, where's the balance? Alright,

9 (1h 30m 15s):
Well let's go to, let's go to the phone line. We got Jay on the line. Jay, good morning.

19 (1h 30m 18s):
Yo. Peace everybody. Good morning. Good morning. Hey Jay,

9 (1h 30m 21s):
What

19 (1h 30m 21s):
You think? So I've been following the whole Drake and Kendrick thing. And, I. Think the way it's all unfolded to right now is beautiful for us because this, this joint that we're talking about that made D one and Lecrae respond. Yeah, it's super balanced. It's, it's taken us to a place where it should be. So you And I. Think You know for hip hop. For hip hop specifically, people have always painted this picture that always saw negative. It's all negative. I think the reality is there's a lot of negativity in The. World.

21 (1h 30m 48s):
That's true. But there's

19 (1h 30m 49s):
Also positivity. There's also light. There's also You know, like people that have fruitful and, and nurturing perspectives on things. And specific to Lecrae and D one as someone that's followed their career, You know pretty early on, right? The first joint I heard from, from Lecrae was called Jesus Music. You should go check that out. Fire riding around with my top down listening to this Jesus music. So You know he's kind of been about his faith for a long time and he's been on his own journey. Then you got D one, you have to go check out Weezy J 50. That's the name of the song. Oh yeah. If y'all don't know I heard that before. Absolutely. And that'll take you, that'll take you all the way back and, and just show you where his head and heart has been.

19 (1h 31m 30s):
So I think for the people that are at Arms About Y'all, why is D You know? Why is D getting mentioned? Why is the Craig getting mentioned? If y'all look at the history and their resume and their pedigree, then you'll see why Kendrick Wood referenced these two brothers, And I think the perspective that these two brothers showed on their response. I like, they're not a response, but like you said, passing the baton. Yeah, I think it, it just, it's a full circle moment. I'm so happy for both of 'em. Proud of both of 'em watching their trajectory. And y'all better go pick up that. Tell the Truth or Die Lion. Y'all

9 (1h 31m 59s):
Need to pick that up. Thank

21 (1h 31m 60s):
You brother. Get honest to die lying. Thank you sir.

9 (1h 32m 2s):
Your book. My book. The thing about it book. You thought it was a remix? Yeah, I know what you was talking about. See, the sad thing about it is we'll play these records and then next week they'll be gone. Well

21 (1h 32m 9s):
No back to they, they'll be gone on radio, but they'll still exist online. Right. And that's why radio needs to catch up if people

9 (1h 32m 16s):
Are still listening to it. Like, because sometimes people will say, I love this, I like this. They'll listen to it one time, then they'll go back to,

21 (1h 32m 21s):
They'll listen to it. If we play it in

9 (1h 32m 23s):
The club, they'll go back to You know whatever it is

21 (1h 32m 25s):
In the club. They'll listen to it if we play it. That's why we call it radio programming. We can program y'all to like anything.

11 (1h 32m 30s):
People don't even listen to radio like that anymore.

21 (1h 32m 32s):
You see your line Damn Loma will be revealed. They don't people,

11 (1h 32m 35s):
No one sits and listens. I don't know. I don't have

21 (1h 32m 37s):
Friends that 90% nine over 90% of America still listens to radio every morning. Lauren,

11 (1h 32m 41s):
Everybody I know, they, they get their stuff offline. They watch it from YouTube.

21 (1h 32m 44s):
I mainstream

11 (1h 32m 45s):
From their phones.

21 (1h 32m 47s):
But that's, they do that with radio. iHeart radio app they see on

11 (1h 32m 49s):
The phone. Yeah, but I'm saying no one's like in the car. Gotcha. When you say the to radio, I'm thinking you're in the car driving. Most people are on their apps in, they

21 (1h 32m 54s):
Consume it differently. Work

9 (1h 32m 56s):
At the gym. They're on the bus, they're on the train. There's different ways of consuming music radio now.

21 (1h 32m 60s):
You've been working here all of this time. People telling you that you ain't got, you don't shave one your unders. People telling you that. You single. You hear people calling here every day. Nobody. Listen,

11 (1h 33m 8s):
One thing y'all not gonna do today is this is crazy, crazy.

The News Agent (1h 33m 10s):
Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agents USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.

1111 Media (1h 33m 41s):
Hi loves it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album, infinite Icon And. I'm even more excited for you to listen to it on vinyl Welcome To the Bad Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order the LP signed by yours truly@shop.paris hilton.com. That's hot sponsored by 1111. Media

Nissan (1h 34m 11s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

The Coca-Cola Company (1h 35m 1s):
The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.

Purdue Global (1h 35m 44s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.

9 (1h 36m 43s):
Easy.

11 (1h 36m 44s):
Keep mixing up my words. Y'all know what I meant. Go commercial. Sitting at a radio is not

9 (1h 36m 49s):
Let's go to commercials we have just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. So don't go anywhere. Oh,

11 (1h 36m 52s):
Y'all are the mess.

9 (1h 36m 53s):
It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Whether Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't spare nobody worldwide.

21 (1h 37m 13s):
Jess Worldwide mess

9 (1h 37m 16s):
On The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach suit with Lauren. Lauren la I'm back. And. I. Got the mess. Talk. Talk to me.

11 (1h 37m 25s):
Going back to Diddy really quickly. It is 8:52 AM September Eastern time, Eastern Standard time. September 17th. And as of now, nothing has been unsealed in the indictment. The federal indictment that Diddy was taken into custody, arrested for last night and we

9 (1h 37m 40s):
Believe he's still locked up. Right? We don't, we don't think he's

11 (1h 37m 42s):
Released yet. No, there's no word that he's been released. So that to my knowledge, he is still in custody. I wanted to update, I know earlier I had mentioned that there were reports that he was arrested in a hotel lobby that has been confirmed to a source that confirmed it was the Park Hyatt Hotel in New York. He was taken in by Homeland Security. Homeland Securities Investigations Department, HSI, which is the department that ran into his home along with a couple other agencies. And just to clarify what they, who they are, they lead the investigative arm of the Department of Homeland Security and they're responsible for investigating transnational crime and threats including human trafficking, terrorism, drug smuggling, and other organized criminal activity. Hmm.

11 (1h 38m 22s):
I had also been trying to clarify a bit why all of this is going down in New York and way before it just had been taken custody, the grand jury convening, just everything is based here when it seems like things are widespread with

9 (1h 38m 33s):
Them. Yeah, I wondered. Yeah. 'cause they raided his house in LA and Florida. So I was wondering why New York.

11 (1h 38m 36s):
I received pushback from the US Attorney's office only because they're saying this is not unsealed yet. So they can't talk to me any additional and anytime additionally on it until that. And then I'd also mentioned earlier that Diddy was out and about this past week last night was out with his son and friends and then he was also at Melba during the day, which is a restaurant in Harlem. And I spoke to some people that were in the restaurant when he was there. And, I was told that he was there a little bit after two o'clock. He called ahead before he came. He was very warm and very casual. He was taking photos and stuff with people, but he was a a bit reserved. So You know, I I don't know how much he knew was gonna happen in those next couple hours that next day. But yeah,

21 (1h 39m 14s):
All I know is they talking about putting that racketeering on him. Like I told y'all earlier, If, you ever had an orgy with Diddy? It's a poss possibility. You might be going to jail If. you ever been over one of them houses? Drunk Officer Rock. But naked it's a

9 (1h 39m 27s):
Possible, yeah, that's when people were saying that You know they, they're gonna release, start releasing what's in those videos and who else is gonna be picked up.

11 (1h 39m 34s):
What? Why was that a woe?

21 (1h 39m 35s):
Whoa. Because that's gonna be a long D You know. How long did he been in the industry?

11 (1h 39m 40s):
Yeah, they probably got BH tapes on. Man, they gonna be HS tapes for sure. For

21 (1h 39m 43s):
Sure. Shit, that's gonna be getting a, a peek behind the curtain of of, of the Illuminati.

11 (1h 39m 47s):
Well we are gonna keep you guys posted as, as things are happening, whether it's here on The, Breakfast Club or on Bronch or grinding. So make sure you stay locked in with us. Do

9 (1h 39m 55s):
We know what time that press conference is gonna happen? Where they gonna unseal that? No document.

11 (1h 39m 58s):
What clock? I don't know anything. I don I don't know anything about If. you, they haven't even said officially there will be a press conference. They just said things will be on file. So I unsealed. So I'll keep you guys posted on all of that stuff for sure.

9 (1h 40m 8s):
And are they gonna give Diddy a bell? Do we know that too? They have to give DA bail. You asking

21 (1h 40m 11s):
Her questions? You do not have You know because

9 (1h 40m 14s):
In she dove

11 (1h 40m 14s):
In. He does not have to receive. He has to, he he has to be given legally the right to ask for one. But a judge can deny it. And And I think that if, if that is denied, it's gonna, that's gonna be very telling as well too. But moving on though. We'll, we'll get back to that when we know more. Good

9 (1h 40m 30s):
Job, Lauren. You you really

21 (1h 40m 31s):
Investigate. Lauren really good at what she does. That's right. He's a journalist. Thank you. That's brown girl. Brown girl. Don't shave but brown girl grind. What

11 (1h 40m 37s):
You say? He said you

9 (1h 40m 38s):
Don't

21 (1h 40m 38s):
Shave. Say I didn not say that.

9 (1h 40m 40s):
He said you didn't shave. Oh. Oh, I heard him. Oh, okay. I didn't. You said what'd say sorry.

11 (1h 40m 44s):
'cause bro, girl, I'm gonna punch on your face.

21 (1h 40m 45s):
Got some great stories.

11 (1h 40m 47s):
Okay, so moving on. Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart sat down with some guy we know in the room. Leonard. Yeah. So he sat down with Charlemagne for Charlemagne's, what is it called?

21 (1h 40m 58s):
Out of context.

11 (1h 40m 59s):
Out of context. Yes. For out of context. Sorry. And you guys got into the Kat Williams conversation. Let's take a listen.

32 (1h 41m 5s):
I think there's probably one moment where I've actually talked about Kat publicly and this was when, I think it was on Breakfast Club. We were, we were promoting night school and Tiffany was affected by some of the things he said. And, I. It was more of a like, support for her in that moment. And like some shots at him. Do you regret that? Yeah. I shouldn't even talk. She never addressed him at all. I don't have to. What? Like why

11 (1h 41m 32s):
Now? If, you guys are not familiar with the comments that he made while he was here with Tiffany Haddish. Let's take a listen to those comments.

9 (1h 41m 37s):
My frustration with Kat Williams comes from you keep pointing at Hollywood. Hollywood. This the white man, this, this and this. When do you take responsibility for your actions? You had the shot,

21 (1h 41m 48s):
Kat was in that position at one point.

9 (1h 41m 50s):
You were the guy, you were set up to be the star. You didn't show up to work

21 (1h 41m 55s):
And You know people think that Kev was Kev shot first. Kev was replying to Kat when Kat was on Frank Ski and Wanda show, right? Yeah. But they only

9 (1h 42m 4s):
Remember Kat going there. Rwanda.

11 (1h 42m 5s):
Rwanda, yeah. Yes, that's true. Well, I mean that, that clip picked up everywhere. So maybe that like clarifies stuff for a little bit for people. I just like in this interview, Kevin Hart, he's, he's so elevated beyond all the noise. And I. Oh yeah. I love to see that from him because he gets a lot of noises way 'cause he is the star right now. Absolutely. Or has been for a while. Yeah. It's not going anywhere. But Charla all the ill stuff because we on you right now. What's all the, what's all this Ill stuff?

21 (1h 42m 31s):
Well, You know another thing me and Kevin Hart talked about in the industry, I mean in that interview was You know the, the, the, the, the, the rhetoric that he's a plant. Like there's like an industry society that can just press buttons to make things happen. I have five words that should pique your interest and that is the illuminati will be revealed. That's what the back of my shirt says.

11 (1h 42m 50s):
Do they got an email? Sign up, hold on, turn

9 (1h 42m 51s):
Around.

11 (1h 42m 52s):
The Illuminati will be revealed. If, you come see a little closer the Illumina. You wanna get closer? What did say Wait, no, no, no, no. Charla. Oh God. Uhuh. Don't sit down there. Don't run from it. Don't run from it. Don't run from it. The back of

21 (1h 43m 4s):
My

11 (1h 43m 4s):
Shirt says don't run from it.

21 (1h 43m 6s):
It says the Illuminati will be revealed. If. you want to know what's going on behind the curtain of various industries out there. I think I got something for you. Like If, you wanna know about the wealth and the power who's behind granting people this fame and these industries Then I'm, I, I think I got something for you. I wanna salute the a WA studios. They're a comic book company. I partnered with them to create a new comic book, a graphic novel. And the graphic novel will tell you everything you want to know about the black Illuminati. Mm. If you're a comic book head, then You know. You might know some of these names. My man Brian Edward Hill, legendary artist Daniel Cohen comic book icon Bill Sincovich and my South Carolina brethren Sanford Green. He did the cover art. The Illuminati may or may not be based on a true story, but go to kickstarter.com and search I illuminati.

21 (1h 43m 53s):
I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I are my name Charlemagne and Adi your copy. Turn

9 (1h 43m 59s):
Around. Lemme see the the second. I'm

11 (1h 43m 60s):
Not he wanna see behind your curtain. That's

21 (1h 44m 1s):
Exactly how it starts. He wanna

11 (1h 44m 2s):
See behind your curtain. Exactly.

21 (1h 44m 4s):
That's exactly how it starts. They tell you to turn around. They wanna see something. Next thing You know next I'm trying to tell you next thing You know.

11 (1h 44m 14s):
Next thing You know. Next

21 (1h 44m 15s):
Thing You know you in the Illuminati

11 (1h 44m 16s):
Freak accident envy and

21 (1h 44m 17s):
Somebody from the Illuminati than you. Right. Alright, go to kickstarter.com and search. Ill illuminati. I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I are my name Charlemagne. And go order your copy.

11 (1h 44m 30s):
All the people listening to the radio will go do that. 'cause I saw the numbers you sent me. And, I. Apologize.

21 (1h 44m 34s):
Just letting y'all know. 8 million monthly listeners baby,

11 (1h 44m 36s):
The people do listen to the radio. I apologize. I'm sorry. Thank you

9 (1h 44m 39s):
God. Sorry. I just wanna read. I couldn't read it. You turned around too slow. Look back

11 (1h 44m 42s):
At it. Look back at it.

21 (1h 44m 44s):
You them, you them. Indictments. Indictments. Come

9 (1h 44m 47s):
Be unsealed in a little bitch.

11 (1h 44m 49s):
Shyla,

21 (1h 44m 49s):
New York City, city is on alert

9 (1h 44m 51s):
Over over the shoulder. Look

11 (1h 44m 54s):
One time for what? Because You know you don't be acting like it. Look,

21 (1h 44m 57s):
The Illuminati

9 (1h 44m 58s):
Will be look back at it. For real. I hate this place. All right. That is just what the mess. We law theso. No arms. Now when we come back, we got the People's choice mix. Get your request. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The.

21 (1h 45m 8s):
Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be

9 (1h 45m 11s):
The same. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Filling in for Jess. We got a s Slew Eve for joining us this morning. Evie

21 (1h 45m 21s):
Eve, her new book. Who's That Girl is available everywhere you buy books. Now Eve is really a one-on-one. I was not joking when I was sitting there thinking to myself, there's not even a female rapper that's out right now that I can even compare to Eve. Not at all because for whatever reason, Eve, like she had such a stellar career. But it's kind. I don't, I don't wanna say under the radar, but Chris under the radar

11 (1h 45m 41s):
It is. She don't get the, like the what you like the flowers I guess, or flowers is kind of a little weird too. Yeah, because

9 (1h 45m 47s):
She gets busy. You forget about the sitcoms a lot. She had the

21 (1h 45m 49s):
Music, the sitcom, the movies. Forget

11 (1h 45m 51s):
About the movies. I feel like it depends on where you located. 'cause I think Delaware, Philly, we like, she's like walking icon to us. But it's not like that everywhere though. Yeah, it should be.

21 (1h 45m 59s):
And she evolved so gracefully,

11 (1h 46m 1s):
So gracefully You. know what I'm saying?

21 (1h 46m 3s):
Married, beautiful.

11 (1h 46m 4s):
Looks amazing.

21 (1h 46m 4s):
That's right. Look, looks great. Looks healthy. Like, I don't know. Yeah, she just, I, I I I respect Eve a lot. Her book is really, really good by the way. Yep.

9 (1h 46m 11s):
Salute to Eve. You got a positive note.

21 (1h 46m 13s):
I do. And I Also wanna remind people my mental Wealth expo is happening October 12th, my fourth annual mental wealth expo at the Marriott Marquee Times Square. Here in New York City, we have You know some of the best psychiatrists and therapists and spiritual leaders that are gonna be there. Go to mental wealth expo.com for more details. Remember, it's a free event for all ages. Okay. From 11 a 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM You know if you've been there the last few years 'cause this is our fourth year You know, come be one of those 4,000, 5,000 people that just gets a, a, a great day of mental health education and healing. So go to mental wealth expo.com for more details. Free event, open to all ages now the positive note is simply this, excellence is not a skill, it is an attitude.

21 (1h 46m 59s):
Did you hear what I just said? Excellence is not a skill, it is an attitude. Positive thinking. Okay. Having a positive attitude will let you do everything better than negative thinking and having a negative attitude will have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?

1 (1h 47m 16s):
Wherever you are in The. World. It's an exciting time in politics. Take

0 (1h 47m 19s):
A deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the

1 (1h 47m 23s):
News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mais and

0 (1h 47m 29s):
Me, John Sopel with

1 (1h 47m 30s):
Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs

0 (1h 47m 37s):
And the news agents USA in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on Global Player.

2 (1h 47m 45s):
Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome

3 (1h 47m 55s):
To the Bad Academy.

2 (1h 47m 60s):
I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.

33 (1h 48m 15s):
Hey,

34 (1h 48m 16s):
It's me, Tyler, both Open Earbuds or stylish. The color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.

33 (1h 48m 31s):
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide

35 (1h 49m 1s):
Residents at BrightView Senior Living. Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.