
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that


Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne. The God and Summit in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules. In the Showtime original series from Emmy Win, Alina Wa They've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B-cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude.


You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne God. Peace of the planet is Friday. Yay. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Yes. Good morning. It's a Friday. Dammit. What up, Jess? Yes. It's What's up. Yo, y'all, how you feeling? I'm Feeling good. You sober? Yeah. You look a lot better than yesterday. Absolutely. Yes. Listen, I want y'all to know sometimes it's gonna be like that. I'm not mad at you. And I, And I still got my ass up. I came to work like pee. Looks like that. Yeah, it'd be like that.


No, I'm just saying people was a little sensitive about how I was They Was yesterday. That's good. Sometimes people come to work to sleep. It's perfectly okay. Yeah. Damn right. Yep. And that, look, I don't know how many more years of radio I got ahead of me, but that ain't gonna be the last time y'all see me like that. It's All good. Oh, no, no, that, that, that'll stop. It'll slow down. Trust me. It'll slow down. But I'm just saying. Yeah, we used to do the same thing, by the way, it'll, no, I'm not even gonna say it'll slow down. It'll completely stop. Yeah. I believe it. Oh, I believe y'all used to be way worse than I was yesterday. Cocaine. No, Don't say that. There no cocaine. No. Stop that. Okay. We used speak for myself. I don wanna speak for the collective. Yeah. We used to wild out Though. We, but the good thing is positive. Good thing is I did get ru I did get funded then yesterday I got, after my nap, I went to the governor, governor House, recept Festival reception.


And I was invited by the governor and First Lady Moore. So Governor Maryland. West Moore. West Moore. Yes. Governor Moore. Your cousin Maryland. Yes. Absolutely. So shout out to my cousin Wes Moore. Did you Steal anything from the Governor's house? Beautiful wife, first Lady. Dawn Moore. What? Did you steal anything from the Governor's house? No, because everything is too heavy. Oh my goodness. So you thought about it though. Your Voice lightened up a little bit then yesterday too. Yesterday. I know, I know. Super, super deep. I still Ain't get it. I know. I still ain't get it back 100%. But yeah, I think I'm about, I'm at like a 40 Because yesterday you was like your love magic scene. Crazy, crazy, Crazy. I sounded like a husband yesterday. I I loved it. Have y'all watched Forever on Netflix yet? No. You keep I didn't keep talking about it. I I didn't Get to it yet.


No. They was talking about it at the festival reception last night at at westmore's. At at dawn Moore's First Lady Do Wolf thinner. Yes. You know, it's one of my favorite storytellers of all time, Judy Bloom, is it is a re-imagining of Judy Bloom's book forever by another one of my favorite storytellers. The creator of Girlfriends Mara Brock il. So it is fantastic. You know, it's a great show. When after you watch The Less episode, you hate one of the characters. Mm mm And I do not like Justin at this moment. But that's the best though. 'cause the acting, the, the plot, the story's probably so good. Yes. That they can make you hate them like that. Yes. Right. Absolutely. If, if you could put a genre on it, what, what would you classify it as?


Romantic drama maybe. Yeah, romantic drama. Maybe. We'll get into it. Let's get young adult romantic drama. Let's Get the show Crack. And the cast of the Wire will be join up. We will be joining us this morning. It's the 23rd anniversary of The Wire. That's right. Trey Cheney will be here. JD Williams, Hassan Johnson. An an Juan Glover. We And I picked the wrong day to be suited then. I'm supposed to have been messed up today for The Wire. You wanna do heroin? Dang. No, I'm, No. Whatcha talking About And and we celebrating us two young entrepreneurs. Elijah one ake. That sounds right. And Earl Co. Elijah, One E from East Side go. That's Right. They'll be joining us this morning, Elijah.


That's doing it big in golf. All right. And we got front page news next. And Mimi's actually here in person. Mimi's in studio. Yeah. Hey, Jess. Hey. We'll get to that when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news and some quick sports last night. The NBA playoffs are amazing. Emini here. This, these are going to the wire, the nuggets beat OKC last night, 1 19 1 0 7. They tie the series three three. So there will be a game seven and my Knicks play tonight. Yeah. That's anybody's game Game seven with the nuggets. And OKC. You can't play with the nuggets. They former champions. Man, anytime that goddamn big ass joker on the court.


That's right. You, you can't play with 'em. That's right. And you can't play with Boston tonight. 'cause even though Tatum is out, they still got a strong team in the long bench. Pause. Morning, me. Good morning y'all. All right. So let's get into this front page news. A judge in Wisconsin is pleading not guilty to helping a man evade immigration authorities. Now, judge Hannah Dugan, she was in court yesterday. She was indicted on two counts of obstructing a federal agency and concealing an undocumented immigrant who had a criminal hearing in her courtroom. Now, Dugan was arrested by the FBI back in April. A federal grand jury indicted her earlier this week, and her trial is set to begin on July 21st. Now, according to the FBI, the man she was allegedly trying to help was previously deported in 2013.


But he reentered the US illegally and was later accused of battery. Immigration officials had planned to arrest him after his court hearing. But agents say someone took photos of the arrest team and showed it to the judge while she was in court. And when that hearing ended, witnesses say the judge told the man to follow her and led him and his attorney out of the courtroom through a private door to avoid agents. Wow. Now, the la the man was later spotted in the courtroom. He ran from agents, but he was caught outside after a brief foot chase. Now dugan's attorney, where do You think he was going? They were surrounded. He wasn't gonna get far. Dugan's attorney said he's, she's innocent and she was acting with her within her role as a judge. Her legal team is trying to get the case dismissed, arguing she has immunity and the arrest violates the constitution.


Did they have a relationship? Like, was that like her landscape or something? Or boyfriend? Shut, man, she just felt like a good Samaritan. Like what? I think it was just she wanted to be a good Samaritan. You can't Do that. Right. You can't know that they're gonna pick him up and then say, sneak out the back door. 'cause if it would've been anybody else, they'd have got locked up. But this sets a precedent because when do you, when do you arrest a sitting judge in her courtroom? So that's what everybody's up in arms about, is that yikes. That she's, you know, she's been arrested by the FBI and so if she's convicted, she's facing two charges. One felony. One misdemeanor. And that is up to six years in prison. And That is interesting 'cause I'm just sitting there trying to think what was her plan like, where was she trying to get, you know, this, this individual to go and was she a a, I don't want, would abusing her power would be the right word, being that she knows she's the judge That she probably was thinking, they're not gonna arrest me if I if I stand in the way.


Didn't think she was gonna get caught. She said go out the back door. Yeah. Wh how'd he go? I just let 'em out this way. You know what, Emini here. Mm. Yeah. He took them through a private exit. Okay. So, and then I know you guys have been covering the, the Newark Air traffic controller situation. Yeah. And so there is a second air traffic control facility in the US experience that experienced about a 92nd communications outage this week. It happened on Monday at the Denver Air Route Traffic Control Center, which manages airspace over Colorado and nearby states. Now, during this outage, as many as 20 pilots over the Denver airspace could not talk to air traffic controllers. Frank Macintosh, he is the Deputy Chief Operating Officer for the FAA.


He testified yesterday at the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee that one of the controllers main radio frequencies failed. Then they switched to a backup and that one failed two for nearly two minutes. He was grilled by rep Hank Johnson about the shortage of air traffic controllers unless his listened to that exchange. How many people, how many air traffic controllers have left the system since January 20th, 2025? I'm not aware of how many have retired. No. No. But so could it have been a hundred? It could have been one. It could have been a thousand, could have been 5,000. No, maybe 2,500.


No. 2000. I don't believe so, sir. I track how many air traffic and controls are in. Well, tell us how many have left their jobs since January 20th. I can't tell you that exact number, sir. Won't us be happy to come back. All right. So that exchange took place and that's after a new station in Denver. Denver. Seven investigates their reporting that the outage lasted six minutes and not the 90 seconds that the FAA is reporting. But six minutes, two minutes without That's scary. Is Too much. There's not enough sense of urgency around this situation for me. Like either close knew or gay airport down for the time being all that was Denver. That was Denver. Oh, that was Denver. That was Denver. Oh, because I saw that happen in Newark the other day too.


Yeah. That happened in Newark the other day that that happened in Denver. That's, it is just scary. You're flying. But I wonder if this happened before and now we just hearing about it more and more and more. Or is this totally New? Why aren't they airlines raising hell? Because then when something bad happens with one of the airlines, they're gonna get the blame. So why aren't, why aren't they raising hell? They're gonna be sued. They, yeah, absolutely. And they're also gonna lose money though. So it's all about money at the end of the day. So anyway, there's, and those people with jobs at those airports like, yeah, that too. Yeah, That too. So. All right, well last front page news. We'll see you next hour, Mimi. Alright. And everybody else get it off your chest before that. I also wanna tell everybody that engineers have been gone on strike this morning at NJ Transit. It is halting the nation's third largest commuter line.


So if you live in New York and you're trying to get to New Jersey to go to work, or you live in New Jersey and you try to get one to New York, there is a strike. Give yourself extra time. You might need to work virtual today. They're saying it's gonna be nasty and a mess saying it's gonna inconvenience some about a hundred thousand people plus. So just wanna give people the updates with that. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? Who's this? Yo, That's Jay from Houston. Jay from H Town. What's up? Getting off your chest. Jay. You said Dre right? Or Jay? Jay I think. Nah, Nah. Jay. JAY. What's up Jay? What's up Jay? Hey, what's going on man? Hey man. Hey, first I wanna say every man, I don't care what Charlemagne about the Bay raid. Every time I met you in Houston that you got show you been good with me, man. You take care of everybody. I'm with you always talking, you know what I'm saying? I wanna get that out there first. That's 'cause you think you're cute. Yo, shut up man. I'm good with everybody. I appreciate You Bro. Man. Hey, hey man. I don't know, I, I'm married with a wife and kids. I'm married with a wife and kids. I don't know what you talking about. You crazy. Nah, for real. Shout. Hey, shout out to Jess to us. She there and everything. I'm married. I'm married. What's up? Thank you. Oh, what's up Jess? Now I called 'cause my little brother graduated from a CC today with his associate's degree.


Nice. He Hasn't even got his high school diploma yet. He get his high school diploma in two weeks. Congratulations. Congrats brother. Yeah man. He go to Willow Ridge High School. His name Cameron Smith. So I just went to shout him. I tell him I love him. I'm proud of him and you know, hey the guy not even a limit for him. What? God gonna take him. That's right. Well have a good weekend. Enjoy. That's all I want to call and get on my chest. Hey y'all too man. Have a good one. All celebrate that brother. That young man. Hey, you said what you say? I said celebrate that young man. Take him out this weekend. Do something fun. Oh man. We get whatever he want, man. There You go. All right. You say that till he want a fan? Nah. Well yeah you, I don't have a fantom. Have a good one, brother. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what up? This is smooth jazz from the Port City.


Man. What's good? Smooth jazz. What's up, up your chest? Smooth Jazz I's up. What's up? Hey so look, I got this coworker right, he's 38, but my man's a virgin black dude. I'm just trying to figure out how to help my man's, you know, open up women. You feel me? First of all, you don't have to help him. He's 38 years old and he's doing exactly what the Bible told him to do. Okay. We the sentence let that man be a virgin and you know, get, have sex when he get married like you supposed to. What? Well, it ain't that. He, he don't want, you feel me? He just got a problem talking with me. You know what Emini here, he just having that, he from a small town out here in North Carolina. So he don't really got nobody around him. He live with his mom.


Emini here like bro, just trying to, but I be trying to help promote, Try to take him to like a speeding event. Emini here. A speed dating event where like he gotta talk to people. Like he can't do it on the phone. He, he got a, is he socially awkward? He got, Well yeah, what he looks he is, He said he's 25. Right? 38. 38. You know he's 38. He, he grew up on social media. He Black and Puerto Rican, but he don't really know too much about his Puerto Rican side. You know what, Emini here, I ain't gonna tell all his business but Emini here. He ain't a bad looking dude, you feel me? But he was d you know he kind of a little slow. So why don't you take him out? Why don't you take him out with you? Yeah, I done tried to, bro. Don't want to come to the port, man. He don't wanna come to town. Emini here, poor city out here in Wilmington, North Carolina is a little ru looking. And so, you know, they, they, he a little scared.


You Don't even know if he like girls for real Ilo. I was gonna say that too. Be looking at the one We asked him that too. He keeps saying he ain't gay. Emini here we get on him all the time at work, yo. Like we back on them all the time. Yo, but, and they trying put girls at the store but he just, he's scary man. I don know what to do with it for man. It's all to When he really, really wanna do that. He don't Do older his age. But I, but I told him I experienced my guy. I got way more experience than you. You can't try to little boy me. Yeah, I You should leave him alone. Yeah, Just let, let him live man. If he say he wants to date girls, he's trying to find a girl, take him out and you know, and you might have to, you know, kick it to a bunch of girls and bring him over, invite him over. But other than that, leave him alone man.


Let him figure it out on his own. 'cause he might like men, but just don't wanna tell y'all. Even the slow be they, they, they know how to do it when they really, really want it, they going to go get it. Yeah, because that's how Justin is. Justin is socially awkward, you know what I'm saying? Justin is socially awkward until he meet Keisha and you know, when he meet Keisha, you know him and Keisha got a connection from elementary school, you know, so him and Keisha just, you know, end up vibing and they become a couple that Sound like a Drake version. Who? Oh that's a TV show forever. I'm sorry. That's the show. Forever Shout Poor City, Wilmington, North Carolina. Everybody in the nine down. Stand up. Wake up. It's The Breakfast Club. Hello y'all. Let's move that. Hey, thank You brother. I Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent. You can hit us up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello, who's this? CJ from Florence, South Carolina. CJ Carolina Was happening. Flo Town. What's going on? Charlemagne Envy. Good morning Jess. Hilarious. What's up baby? Mimi, What's going on? Yes, Hey Jan. Thanks for the show last year for my wife's birthday. This time in Charlotte. No problem. Birthday, no problem.


Yeah, what a great show. I hope Charlamagne, I'm keeping you outta HR Who just don't need no hope being in hr. She man. And I wanna give my wife a shout out for her Tuesday for getting her masters' this year. And end of the Congratulations telling congratulations My beautiful wife Nicole Jones and tha I'm taking my call today. No problem. All right brother. Thank you man. Have a Goodall brother. Hey, I'm gonna be at the car show also. Oh, Vy. That's right. Well I'll see you there brother. You got you bringing a call. You just coming to just enjoy and chill. Bring A few bikes here. I got some Harley to put some big tires All well come on, bring the bikes.


Can't wait to See you. Alright, y'all be alright. Be blessed. And don't forget, my car show is July 19th and the 7 5 7. That's Hampton, Virginia, which is a hop skipping to jump from North Carolina or the DMV or Richmond. So if you're coming on up or you wanna bring a car, it's email me your car. DJ vy shore@gmail.com. Kids five and under free. It's a family fun event. Can't wait to see you guys. Yo, you, you, you can bring mountain Bikes too. No, he meant motorcycles. What? He said bikes like Harley Davidson. All right. What you think he was gonna be on? Bike, his mountain bike and have a bike. Mountain bike That's too much old bikes is crazy. No motorcycles. You talking about motorbikes? Okay. Yes. Motorcycle. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is D Jones from Philly. What's Up brother D Jones from Philly.


What's happening? Hey, hey Charlotte Baye, I look this what? Wanna get up my chest? What the hell is Char Day Charlotte Gay Manchar, Maine. Oh, okay. No, char Maine. Listen, right, it's a hypocrisy or however you say it, right? With the Central Park five and story lane. Because when the guy that confess, you know, he said he did that, he did this stuff to the jogger. What's the difference of introducing his, his new testimony and then bodyguards? You said the bodyguard, he should have said that during the trial is A huge, do you think that it's, it's a huge difference because you actually have the person who committed the crime confessing and after the girl Kelsey came out and said, Hey, I committed the crime, that it would be an equivalence.


This what you're doing is a false equivalence. Okay. Right. Yeah. Okay. Right. I agree. Okay, I agree with that. So what about right when you said, well he been judged by a jury of his peers, so it should be retrial. That's like Trump saying the same thing. Like they been judged by a jury of Paris. Why would we go at it again? I'm saying that based off the due process and all the evidence that was presented, the simple question I asked was if Tory Lanez and his attorneys knew all of that evidence was against Tory, why wouldn't he simply say, Hey, Kelsey shot Meg. And why would Meg, what, what reason would Meg have to say Kelsey didn't shoot her Emini here that Kelsey shot? 'cause that's because, you know, it's about girl feminists and, and girl power. You know, I don like Feminist.


I don, I I don't, I don't believe that. Hey y'all, but I love all of y'all man. Lauren, she's doing a good job with the trial. Jess is beautiful man. I love y'all. Peace. Thank you. You Yes sir. Have a good one bro. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. By way, we are, we are the only society that will ignore evidence. Just for he said, she said it's the weirdest thing to me. And I And I Was wondering How the bodyguard thing wouldn't be hearsay. That's what I I'm saying because he's overhearing the conversation and we can't even clarify. I I've been asking some people, they ain't answer me yet. But, But that's all it is. The bodyguard said he overheard her say these things. So as he said, nine years. But you ignore all the evidence that was in court. In court that took years and weeks to process.


But can use to believe the bodyguard. You could Still use that as evidence, but the court is over. So you would have to go through so many procedures to even get back to that position. Appellate courts and all that. It's, people think it's gonna be, he's gonna be out tomorrow. You're Right. But do you understand what I'm Saying? I understand exactly. People Will ignore evidence that took years and weeks of due process that people actually investigated and jurors took time to go through. But one bodyguard says, well I heard and now that's who y'all, that's that's so that y'all, because These social media detectives are breaking it down for people crazy. And people believe it. There's no facts. This is what they believe in and they be talking like they know facts. It happens all day long on this date. And I wasn't there. So Emini here, listen, I don't know right what happened. Like I said, I'm just simply saying, why would you ignore the courts in all the evidence as opposed to either, why would you believe just one bodyguard who just overheard something?


I I agree. Do you just need facts? And speaking of facts, you was at the the, the trial yesterday. Yeah. And a lot of facts are getting misconstrued or something. 'cause the prosecution had Cassie looking crazy yesterday. I called You yesterday. I had a question. I didn't even, I think so I didn't get her phone call. That was the defense yesterday. It was a defense that she was speaking to. But I feel like the prosecution did not, they didn't, I don't know for that to be the star witness. They didn't set her up the right way. They didn't prep her. They didn't it like there was things that she, you come back, you got we'll come back in and there's a lot Y'all there? I have one question for you. Did he overdose? And I Wanna know, could Cassie be charged? Because the way that they breaking this down, it seems like she was part of the What you mean seems like she Was I told y'all that yesterday. She would money that did these near, That's what it seemed like.


Okay, So why wasn't here? We was talking about it because I said that, I said I feel like if she wasn't testifying for them, she would be sitting right where Puff is at right now. Well Let's talk about it when we come back. Damn, damn, we got the latest of Laura when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now we are about to get to the young lady who yesterday had, was wearing high heels, stepped over people was videotaping, asking, asking she doing Her goddamn Job and asking questions all at the goddamn same time Bay. Let's get to the ladies with Laura Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody.


She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So yesterday in court was Cassie's first day of cross-examination. So that's where Puff's team gets to ask her questions about her testimony and just different things that they want the jury to be we or to hear. Right? I don't know what the prosecutors are doing. They did such a good job the day before of laying out, you know, what they had and establishing why their charges make sense even though I don't think that it's as like gut wrenching as they've made it seem from all the indictments and stuff like that.


But y'all, the way that Cassie was looking on that thing yesterday, first of all, they debunked so many different things just speaking to her credibility, right? Like not getting into like the forest and all that yet. Right. Just speaking to her credibility, y'all know on the stand the day, the day before she told that story about Suge Knight and, and, and Puff and D Rock allegedly grabbing guns and going to run into Suge Knight at Mel's Diner. Right? And he left from a Freak off to do that according to her. According to her, right? So according to the defense team and the interview that Cassie did with the prosecutors before she got on the stand, like in the beginning of the investigations, that that story was completely not true. That she said on the stand the day before that. So How did they debunk that?


So they basically asked her, they said, Hey, you remember yesterday you testified that you stayed in your home and you were upset and that Puff had allegedly left from a Freak off and blah blah blah. Like they went down what she said, right? And she was like, yeah. And they said, well, do you remember? And they, they they ran down the date, the date that you spoke to the prosecutors and you told them that you were forced to get into a car. You were crying, you were upset, but you didn't have a choice according to you. Right? Like you were like basically forced get in this car to go with them to run into Shook Knight. And she was like, I never said that. And they said, oh, okay, well we have the transcripts from your interview with the prosecutors right here. She looks at it, she pauses for a moment. She said, I don't know why this would say that. 'cause I've always said that I didn't go. And I'm like, but it's a, it's a interview you, it's a transcript with prosecutor so it looks crazy.


And there were just, there was so many moments like that where it, that's Why you shouldn't try to remember nothing when you was on drugs. Right. Did You try to recall things when you were on drugs? No. Now let me talk about that because I, I thought about that too. Like, you know, she said a lot yesterday and the day before that about how much they were using drugs. So some things may be a little hazy for her. She couldn't even remember some of the escorts and names that they knew that she had slept with. Right. So Who remembers escorts Names? No, she remembered a lot of them because they, they were using us numerous times. Numerous. They were using a lot of them for a long, a long period of time and taking them d to different states, but drug use. So there was a time in 2017 where things were like super, super hazy, right? And she on the stand said, I really don't remember much from this time.


'cause there was something else that they were talking to her about. And she, it was just all over the place and she wasn't sounding like she was telling the truth. So they're talking to her about the drug use. And at the day before, remember I told you guys they were asking her about the drug use and asking her how she would resupply on drugs, like who gave her the drug dealer's contacts and stuff like that. And she said, Diddy. And when she said that, I watched Diddy in court look at her like, girl, what? Yesterday on the stand. They said, okay, so let's talk about your drug use, right? Because is it or is it not true that, you know, both of you guys were using drugs, but like Diddy was still able to run multiple businesses and like ran down a list of everything he was doing. He was more functioning. And she was like, yeah, Emini here, you could say that.


And then they get, go into having a conversation about the fact that at one point in time, puff was calling drug dealers and telling them to stop serving Cassie because she was so bad off. Like she was worse off on drugs than he was. And Cassie admitted that that was happening the day before. That though. They painted it as if she was like lost in this whole like, drug abuse thing that was caused and spiraled out by Puff yesterday. The conversation was no, you were making choices on your own to the point where he was even having to intervene with some of her friends because he didn't like how much drugs she was doing. He was trying to like protect the way that they were doing, like they were doing their things right? But he was trying to make sure that it was, from what they're alleging, that it was a lot more safe and she didn't push back on it.


I thought, I Thought they was saying did, I thought, I thought Diddy's team was saying that Diddy was, was also on drugs really bad. He was. And they, and they were trying to say that's why he didn't remember putting hands on her. Maria even said he, he ODed. He OD'ed. Yes. So look, they never, and this is why they're, I'm saying the prosecution left, left their star witness out there looking crazy because Didi's team has never ran from any of that. They have talked about his drug use yesterday. It did come up in court that he overdosed at this, this around the time that Whitney Houston passed away, right? Was he rushed to the hospital when he overdosed? Yeah, they said they, they took him to the hospital. It was like a whole thing. They didn't go into a lot of detail about it. And I had been trying to get more information on that because for a lot of us in the courtroom, we were like, wait, what? How did this happen? How did he overdose? And The World never knew, but that's how bad their drug use was.


But he was always able to like, keep himself together and not like fall off and able to like try and like go through like withdrawals and stuff to get off of it. She was having a bit of a harder time from what it seemed like to the point where he was encouraging her to go to rehab and she admitted she did go to like a wellness spa and things of that nature. But I think the reason why I brought that up is because Puff's team did try and use that as a defense, right? And she tried to do that as well. But the way that everything is coming out now, it's, it is really seeming like, okay, what, what we saw happen to her in that, that video and the other things that I know happened to her because we've seen photos of the bruises and things like that, right? Is not okay.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around for. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


We Went from normal life, healthy child to a acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com.


Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and in her promo code space 80.


Okay, But the way that they were able to almost humanize like, okay, he had a lot of drugs in him too. If we're gonna give her a pass for, you know, being drugged up, you know, not being able to make her own decisions. We should have that conversation about him too is what they were able to accomplish. They were both drugg up a lot And I it's hard To do it. That's what I was telling you, Lauren. You got eight weeks, you're gonna go crazy. 'cause every day when the prosecution is on, prosecution is gonna say things that make sense. Yes. When the defense is on, yes, the defense team is gonna make things that make sense. You gonna be playing hopscotch like, oh my Charlotte, look At this. I am like, I'm like, if I was a juror, I would be so stressed out. You Should really do a booking documentary after this. 'cause you, you're there every day. Next question I was gonna ask, could Cassie be charged?


Will they ka will they charge Cassie? Because from what you're telling us, it was like Baby girl was the number two number. She was number two. And she was saying, I told y'all That yesterday. Yesterday I said she was Gino Brown, The Freak offs and she allegedly supplied some of the drugs. That's what it seems like they're saying. So could she be charged As well? Well, I, I had asked some questions about that yesterday to a source who told me that they had heard that there were some conversations about immunity, which would only make sense. But they can't, they can't a hundred percent confirm it. But I'll have that by Monday. I got So many questions. You gotta go. We gotta go. We gotta go. We can come bring bring it back. Cut his call. What happened with Michael B. Jordan? Tell us Child, we got some more for the next hour. Jesus. Because some people call some strays. What j what happened? Janet Jackson birthday though.


So happy birthday to the legend. Yeah. Janet, Janet don't want you mentioning her right now. Not right now. Like yo, you can mention me anytime and minute. You don't have to mention me right now. So close to this story. Just little could you didn't have to do that. Oh my, who's that on your shirt? Way back up. Let me see your shirt. Who that on your Shirt? That looked like victim number seven. That look like a drug supply that supplying yo, this is where supplying the is The picture. This is the picture that Snoop Posted. What's that on your head? Huh? What's that on your head? On my head? Yeah. What's that? Oh, it's my ponytail. I know that my ponytail back then will come a long Way. I want that in a lodge. You better have that in here next week Too. Emini here. Clip My ends just hilarious.


All right, now when we come back, Mimi will be joining us. We got front page news. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-H-A-N-V. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news again. The nuggets beat the OKC at 1 19 1 0 7. They tied the series three, three and yes, my next play tonight. So hopefully we could finish off these Celtics at home. What's up Mimi? What's up y'all? All right, so let's jump back into this Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The Man Tap by Trump and House Republicans to lead the country's top public health agencies. He testified before Congress this week and he made one thing clear that he doesn't think Americans should take medical advice from him at a house appropriations committee hearing.


Earlier this week, Kennedy was there to explain why he wants to slash the budgets for major health agencies like the CDC, the NIH and the FDA. But things took a turn when lawmakers asked him a simple question about vaccines, whether he would vaccinate his own kids against measles. Let's listen to what he had to say For measles. Probably for measles. I, I, you know, what I would say is my opinions about vaccines are irrelevant. You know, I don't wanna be meas seem like I'm being evasive. Yeah, but I don't think people should be taking advice, medical advice from me. Right? No, I got that. And I'm not asking you to give them advice, but would you vaccinate your child for measles?


Think if I answer that question directly, that it will seem like I'm giving advice to other people And I don't wanna be doing that. I want people to make up. Okay, but that's kind of your jurisdiction. 'cause CD Emini here, that's an honest answer because he is not a doctor. Like, and, and you don't have to be a doctor to be the US Secretary of Health in Human Services. No, You don't. But if somebody asks you a question, will you? They just want your opinion. Like somebody says, do you give your kids whatever? I Yes, Especially though, because he's telling other people to take vitamins. Right? But he's getting his kids the vaccination, right? So, so there's a, you know, that's, that's what the big problem is. So he never answered the question. No, He never answered the question. He also dodged the question about whether or not he should, if you should give your kids like a, a, a chickenpox and, and all those other vaccines.


So, but this is coming as the US is facing the worst measles outbreak in years. And then he went on to claim that the CDC is doing better than any other country at handling it, which is very, very questionable. And so moving right along. So if you're a Walmart shopper, get ready prices on some everyday items are about to go up this month. The company says they are feeling the squeeze from the rising tariffs on imported goods like electronics, toys, strollers, and even some food items. And they cannot absorb all the extra costs. So they're gonna pass that on to the consumer. The tariffs, they're of course part of Trump's trade policies, which products from countries like China, Costa Rica, and Peru.


Now, even though some of the tariffs have been lowered, the remaining ones are still pushing up the g the cost of goods. And that means higher prices for you at the checkout. Now Walmart says the biggest price change will hit late May and into June, though items, again, strollers, mattresses, toys mostly made overseas. Those will likely cost more. The retail giant set is doing everything to keep prices low, especially on groceries. But the trade wars hitting the retail industry very, very hard. Wow. Yeah. Now, thank you Mimi. Now you also have a podcast that you're doing, correct? Correct. Altina With Love. Now break down this podcast and, and what made you wanna do this podcast?


So to Altadena with Love is like my love letter to the community of Altadena, which is right next to Pasadena. Most people have heard of Pasadena, but not a lot of people had heard of Altadena, which is literally right next to Pasadena. And the community of Altadena is a historic, or was a historic black neighborhood that was burnt in the Eaton fire when, you know, in January when California was on fire, I went there as a journalist just to cover the story. And when I got there, I realized the devastation of the area. And what I realized was everyone looked like me. Mm. And these were a lot of older black families that lived in multi-generational families that lost everything.


And then when I started doing more research, I realized that this, this, this town existed because a lot of these families had had moved there in the 1960s and fifties and they were redlined there. And they lost not only just their homes, but their community. And when you talk to them, when you talk to them, you find out that it was just more than it, it was more than a structure. Right. It was, it was a thriving everyday community that was no longer there. And everybody, no matter what though, when they lost everything, they were looking out for each other, right? They were not worried about like, how am I going to survive? They were like, you know what, we've gotta take care of our elderly and we've gotta make sure that this community comes back the way that it once was.


Wow. So for me, I wanted to document that. I wanted to talk to all the people as much, as many as people that I could to talk to them and find out what this community truly means and how we can share this information with the masses. I wonder How recovery efforts are going. Like, are you, is it slow because it was a black community? Like, Well, you know, it's funny you say that because in episode I did a bonus episode. So in episode six I talked to a council member and he says, it's funny 'cause when Trump visited California during the wildfires, he went to go see Malibu and he went to go see the Palisades. He did not come to Altadena. And so, you know, it's like the, the rhetoric behind Altadena was that it's, it's a historic black neighborhood and somehow it was skipped over it.


It wasn't it, he didn't come see it. But the, the recovery process is, is underway, but there's still a lot of like insurance things and, and, and insurance Company's not covering. It's too expensive. People didn't have insurance, lapse insurance, all those, they didn't have all those things. Insurance that covers certain particular fire. And, And what you have to remember is like I, I spoke to someone in episode two whose house, he paid $33,000 for his house. His house is worth $2.1 million now. And so when you, when you buy your house for that much and it's now when you deed the insurance money, it doesn't cover that much. And so now you're stuck trying to figure out how to, how to pay for that. So They only wanna give him 33,000. They don't wanna give him what the house for. They wanna get probably about 500,000. But the house was worth $2.1 billion.


So, so what do you do? You know, but I just, you know, in this series I wanted to humanize this community. It was really just a labor of love. I wanted The World to understand what this community is going through. And I wanted The World to understand that Altina is, you know, a a, it was one of it was California's first black community. People think South Central or Baldwin Hills, but it was California's first black middle class neighborhood. It's crazy when you see stuff like that, it makes you wonder, was it a coincidence? You know what Emini here, like when you see them, you know, wipe out a whole community and then, you know, want to build high rises and make it hard for the people who lived in that community to come back. You just wonder what are the coincidence. Right. And it's funny you say that too, Charlotte, because in episode three we talk about the, the disparities of when the alarm systems went out.


If you West Altadena was where the black people were. Red line to East Altadena is where the white people lived. When you look at the disparities that neighborhood West, south Dena, they didn't get the notifications until three 30 in the morning. Wow. But the east side, they got them at 7:30 PM in enough time, them Enough time to prepare to get, Get stuff out while to, I talked to a lady who said at 4:45 AM she was, she woke up walking through flames trying to get out of her home. Wow. And she said she only, she could only muster up the strength 'cause she didn't want her 87-year-old father to find her in the home. You know, but the alarms, the systems didn't go off. And so, you know, there's a, there's a lot of, there's a lot of investigation that still needs to go on Now. How can they hear more about your podcast and, and really dive into it? Absolutely. You can go to, to altena with love.com for more information.


You can download it wherever you get your podcast. And please just listen to it. I think it is, it is storytelling at its finest. It's not in my words. These are the community. These are, these are their stories. They're telling their stories. It's, I I introduce some, you know, a little bit of educational impact before it. But then they come in and they tell you their stories in their own words. Wow. Of what happened. So it is, as I say, the art of storytelling, it takes you there, it brings you right into that moment, what they were feeling, how they remember their community and what, what happened that night to them. Wow. Mimi Brown, gimme your Instagram and Twitter and all of that good stuff. Yes. My Instagram, Mimi Brown tv at all socials.


Alright. Thank you Mimi so much. And listen, you know, today's Friday, so it's, it's, it's the people's donkey. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you wanna give somebody donkey today, call up now It is. The floor Is yours. That's right. And also the Cast of the wire Will be joining us Next poop. Bodie Webe Slim Charles. That'll be, we'll be talking to them next. It's the 23 anniversary, 23rd anniversary of the Wire. And we'll kick it with them in a little bit. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We Got some special guests in the Building. Yes indeed. We got the cast of the wire. We some of them. Yes. I'm gonna say Their stage names.


You say Their real names. Alright. Alright. We got Poop. Trey. Oh, Trey Cheney. I gotta say. Okay. Chaney. Chaney. Trey Cheney. Mo Trey Cheney. JD Williams. Yes. Hi son Johnson. Oh on Juan. Oh, you wanted me to get that because you wanted me to mess it up. I'm saying he was saying Wan but it's on Juan. Right. And Juan and Juan. Welcome fellas. How y'all feeling man? 23 years more than number the Jordan year. Lord have mercy. What does that mean to y'all? When y'all hear that? It's, it, it is crazy to be, because I always tell people, see this the first time in the minute.


Yeah. We've been together and, and be doing an interview. But I always say when I get interviewed, I don't care what none of y'all say, we didn't know what we was doing. Yeah. Shooting that. All we was trying to see was whose call time was the next morning so we could go out and get something to drink, hang out for the night. Emini here, I Was on a continuance from Oz, so I knew we had something special. I had picked that up, Had picked that up. It was the first time. Like, I'm looking at people that's coming up that I was watching. They work the same way they was watching my work when I did Oz, everybody was already kind of famous already, you know what I'm saying? But when we got here, that made us, And I saw, I saw that work coming down. The thing, the thing with me, the nobody don't know The Wire was my first job as an actor.


So that was my first time I had ever auditioned for a role, first job. So just being around these guys, I'm like, yo, I remember asking JD a whole bunch of questions, bro. What is where, what is a trailer? You know, what is We they telling me to do Like rehearsal? I'm, I'm like, all right. But you know, like I said, man, to be here 23 years later and still just getting to it, you know, everybody healthy living and breathing, you know what I'm saying? Emini here. It's just, it's a, I'm glad people find it new every day. Somebody finding show every day. So it don't really Out the show more popular now something years later than it was when it was crazy. None of y none of y'all knew it was gonna be a cultural staple of Nah, nah, I like it.


I ain't, I ain't know that from Baltimore. You damn right. It is definitely a cultural statement when you moving around anywhere in The World though. They know you, you know what Emini here, like somebody might just stop and say, man facts, run them lines real quick. Emini here, they throw you, they quote your lines, you know what, Emini here wb. So it's like, yeah. You know, but it is like the study part of it. Like when I first came on set, Tre tell you, we was right there. We was at interest tr and we was running lines and, and TR was like, what? What else you been on? I was like, this is my first time out. Right. He was like, your first time out where I say first time on the block. He was like, what? So we was shooting in a funeral home in Baltimore, like broad daylight funeral home and we was there. A lot of people don't know the 12 hours. 12 hours hot days.


Right. Turn around. Yeah. Turn around. So we out there, we busting it and we randomized. We were out there, it was raining, we take breakfast, lunch. It was just a family and we still family to the day. Yeah Man. Now I wanna start from the beginning. The wire. So when y'all got the Call to do the wire, break That down when y'all first read the script and how did y'all know that y'all wanted to do it? So they, I initially auditioned for We eBay. See that's right because I got, yeah. I initially auditioned for We Character And I remember going in there with Pat Moran out there in Baltimore and she like, yo coach monologue. So two weeks later I get a call. She said, oh we got some bad and good news. She said, the bad news is you didn't get the characters. We be, but you was cast for the character poop. Hmm. And I was only supposed to be in the first two episodes in the first season and then spoil alert, you end up getting poop.


All five seasons last, last man standing. You know what I'm saying? So I was just happy, you know, getting that script. And throughout the years, throughout the seasons, it never said I was getting killed. You know what I'm Saying? Because That's the thing with The Wire. You never knew. You never knew it was getting off. They didn't tell you before. They were just, you get the script and you read. That's like when Snoop shot at me, you know what I'm saying? They like poop falls to the ground, he's bleeding. I'm like, okay, this is it. This is it. And then I woke up, take this into consideration Tre, how you just said that. I don't know if y'all remember or not. The Y almost ain't even take off. Yeah. Because we auditioned before nine 11. Nine 11. Yeah. Was shut down for three weeks.


But the thing is the callbacks was after they opened the city back up, Alexa Fogel office started calling us back. Forgot about that. I forgot all about that. I ain't think nothing. So when I went in, I auditioned for DeAngelo. Oh wow. Yeah. Shout out to Larry Jillian. Man, that's how y'all, that's our brother. Do that. See down there it was open. 'cause Baltimore was open on highway. It, yeah, we would start that. So actually when I auditioned, I auditioned for Marlo Stanfield. You Ed Jamie. He damn I, I auditioned for Marlo and then when I got the call, they called me back. I was actually coming back from Houston with Steve Francis. Mm. And I got the call, pat was like, Hey baby you out. And she gave, she was like, you just landed Slim Charles on HBO though.


And that was it. Not character one Slim Charles Alexis told me one. That ain't it. She told Me, she told me I was going be Bodie. Like I said, I wanted to, I wanted to audition for DeAngelo because I was like, I just came from playing a tough guy for all these years. Y'all gonna make me worse than I was already. And then she was like, no, this your part. Read this part. Just go and do your job. I went in, came out and they built on the character so much that I didn't know where it was gonna go. They knew, but I'm glad Because in my audition, I think we was there, David Simon leaned over The clock and said, he leaned over The clock and said, we babe. And I was so hot 'cause I was tearing my up. I was in the zone.


I, I, I caught myself. I was like, yo, hold on. Relax. But you know, when you in the room, that's your moment. You can grind off. Take it. You could go off in there. You can go off As long as it taking or So they threw me off. But I caught it. But that's what they was saying, like, that's what it is. You, that guy, this guy, you are that guy. But you gotta get in character though. 'cause like I, that was my first audition. So when I read for Marlow they was like, you know, come that's crazy. You don't care about nothing. Hoodie first joint. So I threw my hoodie on, I went in there and read for it And I was like, yo, you know, she was like, what's your name? I said, Marlow. She said, what's your name? I said, Marlow. She said what? I said, don't you understand Audition for Roots.


We didn't mess each like that. You know what I'm saying? How much Of the script was improv though? How much did y'all improv? Did y'all go off script? Because none of it seemed Like, not a lot. See I don, we didn't improv. That's how Ill it was. It was all on the paper. They Would let me get away. He would let me get away with a lot of stuff. Like, but I would test it out first. Right. Like I would use it on one take and then if they don't like it, they Just say don't do that. Yeah, they do. But then most of the time they say, say that again or do that Time. A lot of times I used to like, and that was because also with the dynamic that my group, my crew had, right. We had this fill up kind of space. You know what I'm saying? We got Andre Royal, oh over here acting up. Then we got us all having this communication. Then we got the young boys. So it was always something in there.


But, but most of the time, like you said, especially because we had to figure out that, be more dialect A lot of times. How was that? That was hard. We ain't a Grand opening. Grand. We ain't Doing it. I'm saying so hard. It's kind of hard. It's hard for like New York, New York to get the action. But see I'm from DC so it's like facts. The q the duck, you know, you, you can get it. What Emini here, like The damn DJ Baltimore. Baltimore will pull your neck out if they know you faking it. You can't, you can't drag it too long with it. You just gotta do it. Like see like even with New York, like when I did The Deuce, yeah.


I had to learn dialogue. You know, maybe we shot that, we shot that in Brooklyn, then we went to Silver Cup, the queens. Okay. So I shot that whole show. Right. We was back there, we did it and it's just like you gotta sit outside of New York to smell the air, to know what a New Yorker go through. To feel it. You gotta get in that into that character method. So it's like bam. It's right here. We here. What's next? I Ain't wanna get stuck with that accent. I think that depends on the era of New York too. You gotta turn it on New York. New. New passed. We're still kicking it with the cast of the wire. So what was it like filming in Baltimore?


It Was fun. No, that was fun. Shout out man stand. They got the lion heavy. They got the food coming out. Memphis was getting his hair braided outside. Like they, they, they open you up but when you messing that money up they'll let you know, man y'all, y'all got going to block yo yo. Dope. There was a couple on set too. Like really? Then they was like really? Sure. Yeah, we went to shut down for a little 10 minutes but yeah, they wasn't packing up though. They weren't shooting. What about sound like it was a rain, little quick rainstorm. What about the rats? All of our food. Hold on, lemme say this one time.


Hold on. The rats. The rats would come out. We shooting night at that scene. We was shooting the scene. They eat all our food up. No, we was shooting the scene. It was like maybe five below out and B more. Yeah. And we took a break. It was me, banger, Felicia, couple of other people. And they ordered pizza. Yep bro. They had like 10 pieces on the, it was like the pizza cold to the, this big B more jumped up on the table, knocked the pizza of that, everybody broke. Then they just came was pizza. He jumped on the and my jumped on the jump, knocked the whole boxes off and then everybody just bumped big joints.


First Big Ben, he jumped up and knocked everything down. Big Ben and me and Mike seen with the, with the shootout when I shot Mike know where he shoot me. Yeah. Yeah. There's a rat running across the, in the background. 'cause I got scared to death in the episode like this and be more looking like, like dogs not puppies. No, that's true. Crazy. Aint damn crazy. Damn. Did y'all, did y'all, did y'all recognize the greatness in Idris back then? Did y'all see where it could go? Or was something like Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Course because Idris was funny. I met him. Idriss talking regular with a, with a regular action was all time and got on the phone with his daughter mother. She stood up on you. I And I stopped.


We walking down the block. He just started talking that, that chatting started that London. And I stopped. We kept walking. He finally looked back like what? I was like, where you from? You over here acting like you from the Bronx or something? Nah, he was practicing on us. But you So I knew it right there. Like yeah he, he, one of the one One things, it was a scene where we did, when me and him sit in the car, it's the scene where my character does this with his, with my waist. And we was sitting in that car for a couple of hours and we was just talking And I remember us getting to the point I was like, yo, 'cause he wanted to have this magazine in the car that I ain't gonna get too deep about it. They told him not to have it because of who was on it. Right.


So he was like, I'm going after this and anyway, anyway we gonna leave that alone. So anyway, we in the car and I'm like, you know when you leave here you you gonna be that guy. Like, he like, well I think a couple of us gonna do it. I'm like, yeah, but like you kind of like right under Denzel looking. Yeah, right. Looking Like you about to go to Denzel looking. And he said, I don you see? But it was crazy because when it was time for his character to, you know, to happen. He didn't want that. He Did nah, didn't want that Morning was as hell Because we was filmed, we filmed that whole morning, yo. Right. Remember We filmed that whole morning? He came in the trailer, they was like het Come out Like a cloud. He was mad. Stringer got Killed off. Yeah.


So he had no, he just found out was out until got the strip. Oh damn. At the end. Because look, we used to film, they do the tandems now. So they do these blocks where you could shoot two and three episodes in a week. We really shot the two week episode. So we started on a Monday and we wrapped the next week Thursday. Hmm. And then it was a rehearsal Friday and back at it on Monday the 13th time. 13th Some time. If they gonna change something, they'll change it. Within that they change. So, but the thing is, look, when we wrapped on the episode, your new scripts in your trailer, the new script right in your trailer right there. So look, everybody started catching on to doing this.


Yep. Stick head out. You good going out tonight. Somebody always was like, it's tough bro. You, you know, whoever getting killed ain't opening that door. Damn was really, You had the off Michael. They be like, oh, that's what you call Michael. Alright. He hanging you out tonight. Drinks on up. So how did Andrew treat y'all afterwards? Did he, did he ever, did he like distance himself from y'all after gone still can reach him though. Yeah, everybody's always reachable bro.


Yeah. We, we are family. That's real. It's just like the plate just get kind of thick and you gotta work like we always talk. Yeah. You know what Emini here we talk, we talk know what Emini here Interest like Yeah. Interest did the intro for my documentary, undeniable, the Trey Cheney story, which all, all of us are part, are a part of. And reaching out to him, it wasn't, it wasn't hard to, you know, reach out to him. We all started together. You know, He might be across the pond, But him doing that, you know I'm saying it really was a, was a good look for me. You and Michael B. Jordan was a young kid at the time. Yeah, baby boy. And I was working with him and seeing his success. Well for me, Emini here off Racist Me, him and JD always was together on set. Even my, my separate scenes that I had with Michael B. Jordan, it was, you know, he was special.


You know what I'm saying? You knew you, you seen that early. Yeah. I, I used to ride in the trailer with him And I had, because I had too many scenes with him, but I used to kick it with his mother. Oh yeah. I love how family oriented he was. Michael B baby bro. Mom Duke, I love you. I don don't know Where you, She the one got him together. Moms was Yeah. And it was, it was good money because like he said, he had a lot of big brothers to watch out for him and what he was doing. Like the way me and him, like he used to come, come out with me all the time. She used to let him come out with me. I took him to Vegas, we went to Magic, you know, all the little places. Miami, one of the younger ones Miami. And so we was always around. We all got together and he came up with the right mindset.


And so he was like set up pretty good from going off. Yeah, he was. But when we did this, when we did the scene we took out Y had to kill him. He wasn't gonna never work again. Yeah. He says that he messed up. I ain't, I was work ability that he felt at that time To heat a man right now is crazy. Right. Yeah. Because he was messed up behind that. He was only on one season. Right. He did one season. He got on drugs and everything. We smoked him in episode 12, right? Yeah. Yeah. Towards the end. The first season sat up, we started crying. We, we hugged him up. Right. Everybody Was mad. We said, look man, at the, after this episode go off, they gonna be looking for your name in the credits and nobody never gonna forget you.


They always gonna be looking for you. That's boom. Do you think the wire could be made today in like the same raw way? I wouldn't have to be sensitive to death. Nah. 'cause it wasn't in hd but you know, literally speaking raw. But, but yeah, that too. Another city. Maybe not the white, not Baltimore. Again, I think it would have to be a whole nother city. I don't even think they'd let them be like they was Nah. How we were, It Was too a, it It was too authentic like that. You talk about Spinoff and and reboot to the wire. What, what's your opinion on that spin Officer reboot to, but that's when you had said something else, Charlamagne, where would you start?


Envy, where would you pick it up at? Michael K not here, which I'm sure would be a real center storm. Rest, rest, rest in peace. Michael K. Williams. Michael K. Right. That's who you would definitely have to have, right? Spinoff. Yeah. He gone, LAN's gone. There's so many people at Right. But what would you stop? A lot of our brothers, Even if you try to pick up off where it left off with, with with Mac, right? With Tristan. Right When he killed Snoop, he was supposed to be like the man. You could Follow him or you could follow Marlo wherever he gonna hide out at. Right? Yeah. 'cause Marlo got out, bro. I bought the, I bought the Connect at the end from Marlo. Went to visit him. That's a good one. But it was crazy 'cause the whole pod was when Prop Joe. Yeah. You know, when meth, when he did that And I killed left to kill cheese, everything was flipping around because we had the co-op we was sitting in, it was all us at first Bodie all us, we was together, just started spinning off people, Going out.


Even even my character, the character Arc from going From the street and Foot Locker. Yeah. I end up working at Foot Locker. So you never know Foot Locker. So it's like the cut character could come back Different city. You take somebody and move to another city. Yeah. Come to Newark Brick City. We're still kicking it with the cast of the wire. Now I gotta ask about this meme right here. We ba what's take this meme. You make this mean. I did Used to hate it. Right. Because nobody understood it. Yeah, that's right. Nobody understood it. But then it start catching on, especially with the younger kids. I was like, oh hold on, I gotta get my uncle on with the short. And I gotta educate them to where that fucker, they'll be like, yo, that's you from the meme.


But they don't know where it's from. Right, right. You know what Emini here, I'd be like, oh well there's the dopest show in The World. Not 'cause I was on it, but because it's dope facts. And then go check, you know, they go check it out, check it out. So I I I it made it timeless. The meme just made everything timeless. Yeah, man. It don't get old. It don't get old. It don't get old. It don't, I can't front you wasn't ask y'all since y'all mentioned them, how, how did, how did the loss of Michael K. Williams impact y'all? Man, it Was tough. I was mad a it it Tough. Remember when I was on the balcony in la so I was, yeah, they was, we was on the phone, FaceTime, talking, jd, Trey, Mike And I had just talked to Mike TA before that. 'cause he was like, some people was looking for me for a role and he was like, bro, we down here.


You gotta get down here. Yeah. Get outta that city. Come down. And I was like, wow. Then he wanted, he called me, bought another piece that they was trying to get me to work on with my band. Mm. Right. Backyard dc So after that, I talked to Trey and we was talking, and then I had just talked to him and Snoop in a hit. But that don't crushed me, man. Yeah. It crushed me, man, Bro. They slime Mike, I always say though, bro, bro Michael K. Williams, he, he wasn't, they knew what they were doing. Michael K. Williams wasn't an industry person. He was, he was more so like, bro, how's your mom, dad, your wife, your kids? Like he was, that Was Man. And talking to him way before that he passed. It was just Like, what? Had nothing hit hard.


You understand what, what I'm saying, Charlotte, why you say they slimed him? What you mean? Well, like the people that served him, they slime him facts because because they knew what they was doing. They knew who Mike was and it was all out of bounds. And anybody with a heart. That's why when they did catch up, caught up with 'em. I didn't feel bad at all. Don't.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out, watching the game or just chopping it up. There's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing. Next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm under the jail. I feel you. I know hustlers gotta feed they family. But y'all slime my bro. Man, I wanna ask y'all, how hard was it to break outta your wire characters when it came time to audition for other roles? Mm Man, I'm gonna tell y'all man, the wire ended in 2008. I didn't work again. What they would consider mainstream into 2015 when I booked Saints and Sinners, which was a six season show a job. But being, you know, what they call typecast or whatever, alright, I'm going in the rooms with the casting directors, with the directors, producers, but with me not like booking certain jobs or whatever. I just started creating my own. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So when I started Cheney Vision Entertainment, my company, I'm partnering up with cast like Food with the camera, shout out to my brother.


I'm producing my own films, hitting lives, loving larceny. I'm partnering up with people like Anthony Clark, Dana Freeman, and we just doing a whole bunch of like my own independent projects, which is really, you know, what, what got me to the place of booking what they consider mainstream. We own the city, BMF. 'cause I, I stood on the streets of Washington DC from 2010 to 2015 selling all of my independent films out the trunk of my car. That was something that most celebrities wouldn't dare do, you know? So it's people walking up like, man, you poop from the wire. What you doing out here? I'm like, bruh, getting, I gotta hit it. The wire was the wire And I learned And I learned a lot. But if we going sit up here and consider myself a working actor Yeah, yeah.


I'm out here. Yeah. I'm out here taking it back to the street. I'm pumping my own website. Cheney way.com. And then that led to my man George Pierre, who was casting for Saints and Sinners. Shout out George. He like, yeah, shout out George Pierre. Man, that's my cast. Me for Saint and Sinners, the Keisha co biopic BMF. Like that's, that's our brother out there in Atlanta. But he called me one day like, yo, I, I heard what you're doing in the streets, man. Like you, you pumping your own merch and your own movies out the trunk of your car. And I'm like, yeah man, Emini here. But this is the way that I'm getting in. I'm, And I was like creating, like really developing my fan base because people seeing like celebrity out on the street. Yeah. Just getting to it, you know, it, it just helped me in so many ways. And now envy, it's a role that I, it's a role that I need to manifest.


Listen to this 13 years in the projects, my mentality is what kid, you talk a good one, but you don't want it. Oh, you been, sometimes I wonder, You say you wanna play happy, fun. Sometimes I What want that's, that's His game. But it wasn't what you and JD gonna do having happen in protest. Well, no, was kicking around, gave me his blessing. Me and h been talking for two and a half years and you know, the press is running with it. T mz and that'd be Rolling Stone. Y'all got, and now, bro, I definitely, like, we've been talking and my thing is this, like just studying everything. Like, because the project would have to be about what made them speak like this. Even if we all got an idea of why they, they recorded these records or why they were speaking like that.


It got it, it has to be the backstory, the mindset of why these 19-year-old brothers were, were were doing this. Have you read Prodigy My infamous Life? No, I'm, I'm Great. Should Be a movie. I got a chance to have Len lunch with lunch and dinner with Prodigy a couple of times. Right. And I was in, And I was in a whole bunch of pro videos. I know how Prodigy is And I got a, a chance to kick it with him. He was a good dude. Real good dude. Definitely A lot of respect on that. That if that comes around, that comes around, that's take like, and like I said, man, I'm well prepared, but I'm, I'm gonna bring this into fruition man. That's Why you gotta read my infamous life. Exactly. That tells you that. Now you gotta get that. That's the move. Yes. S that Prodigy more the more prodigy Emini.


Here it is. But you can't tell that he don't tell his story without having, of course. My last question, what do people still misunderstand about The Wire even after all these years? Best television show ever? No. That, that is not a black show. That's what I know. That, that's what I think people Yes. That's a Misunderstanding. It's an American show. It is about America. It just so happened we telling the stories of mostly black people, but it, it got layers. It's about the, how the street affects the police. The police affect the politicians, the politicians affect the street education. So that's what it's about. People Corner Coming in, everything that show taught you everything. Way to put that one. The wires taught you everything about what you need to know about life.


And Also you ain't your brand. Right. Is that your brand? Yeah. This is Backyard. This is the Backyard for Life. Shout out my wife. We had the roo picnic the 31st before June 1st, the ru picnic and then we had the cousins festival with Pusha T. Yeah. Yeah. So we gonna be down there too. So shout out to my back. So y'all, so we, Y'all don't even Know real quick. I, I wanna shout out, I wanna shout out my wife Aisha Cheney. You know I, I've been married for 20 years. She made this jacket. She's one of the biggest fashion designers in The World.


I Body, when I walked in here, y'all see that y'all got the new fragrance And It's only available on cheney way.com. I do direct to consumer business Straight up. So you come straight to, but man, shout out to my wife Isha. Shout out to my son Malachi Cheney, who just finished his freshman year strong at Savannah State University. Do your thing. Yo, my daughter Martina and my granddaughter Morocco. Morocco just turned five. You my grandfather. Yo, when I met my wife 23 years ago, I met my 8-year-old daughter. Not only did I consider her, you know, I, I made a vow to her mother. I never consider her my stepdaughter. Yeah. So I raised her from the time she was, you know, Recording your son begging than you too.


We was at the game, we was at the football game. My son not aint see up sit bigger grade. Yeah. My son almost six feet. But I'm just proud man. I'm, I'm proud to still be here man. Doing what we love, man. That's what he is taking care of our families man. I'm about to say, What's the three of us as grandfathers? Yeah. Except you. He over there. I just turned 17 though. Shout out. But He on my phone. I ain't pop pop. That's what, 23 years. Thank you for joining Abbott at The Breakfast Club.


Good morning all. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off man. She gets him from somebody that made somebody some, well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she'd be having the latest on the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Yo. Yo. Thank you V you welcome. Okay. Thank you so much. She set me up. Yeah, she got Lauren left, EJ and My money.


Please don't call me all my what? Gimme your money. Who y'all think y'all on? Lauren becoming a straight off. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the latest when Lauren la sometimes have facts. Sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alright, So Phyllis And Phyllis Andon, A big part yesterday was them going through text messages. The defense attorneys, because they were, right now they are fighting to prove that Cassie was the willing participant in the Freak off.


That there was no force, there was no caution. So they going through these text messages, basically it was a ton of them. And she's in the text messages saying she's down for the Freak off. Also, she's in these text messages planning the, like, you know how she said Puff was the ultimate choreographer of these things. She's giving very much Lorianne Gibson, she was choreographing her her dang self in these text messages. Oh wow. So what they did was, which I thought was like again brilliant, and it blew the prosecution's setup up the day that Diddy and Cassie got into that fight at the Intercontinental Hotel. The video that CNN dropped when the prosecution presented the narrative around it, like, okay, let's give y'all some background info. They only used like three Texts from the day of March 5th.


The defense attorneys was like, let's go back to March 3rd and let's lead you into where the, the prosecutors, y'all talked about text messages. And that was 2017, right? 2016. 16, okay. Yes. So in the text messages, Cassie and Diddy are having a conversation days leading in and you know, she's, they're like sexting and a lot of the explicit text messages they wouldn't read in court. So I don't know exactly what she was saying, but they were sexting a bit. She sent, I believe it was four or five sexual text messages. Like she's initiating that Puff is really on some, like, I'm, I'm proud of you because she did have that big movie premiere coming up. So he's like, y'all, I'm proud of you. You got this weekend, weekend coming up. They talking about like accessories for her outfit. And then she's like, so it gets to the weekend, right? It gets to the day that they did that Freak off and she's trying to figure out what her plans are and he's like, okay, well I'm down to do whatever you wanna do.


Let me know what you got going on. So she's like, I wanna see my baby. And then, then they start and now they're having a conversation about the Freak off and he's telling her, since you wanna do this, you plan it, call the guy from the, the male escort service they were using and cowboys or something like that. And grab, get who you want. You set up how to how how this one is gonna go. He even said to her in text messages like, if you want, we can sit back and just watch. Like we don't have to even participate. And they asked her, but they was like, okay, so what does that mean? Like sit back and just watch. There were also text messages from another text. So that created a whole different narrative around that. Right. But there were also text messages. Remember she talked about being forced to do it on her period and stuff like that. There was text messages where she mentioned being on her period and he didn't force her to do anything on her period.


He kind of like backed off of it. He was like, okay, bet. Like cool the text messages that they showed yesterday in court that that whole force, that coercion thing, it blew that up. No, I I I, listen, I'm just being objective here. Right. I, Diddy's legal team has already conceded to some aspects of his conduct. Yes, a hundred percent. So, so they're just trying to say in regards to Cassie, it wasn't coercion, it was consensual. Yes. Correct. Now those text messages go all the way back to 2009. Yes. Right. And then, oh, they even before they had, they had like 2007 I think is some text. Okay. So the ones that are from 2017, all Cassie is gonna say is that she said whatever needed to be said because if she didn't comply he would beat her up or be violent to her. She already admitted that she loved him.


Yeah. She said she also was afraid of him. That's typical in an abusive relationship. A Hundred percent. It shows that, that she was, she was involved and that she wasn't being forced. But I think they But What if she was afraid? What when she takes this and next time she takes saying when she, She Texts him to ask about it. I think it's gonna show that, you know, she wanted to do it just as much as he wanted to do it. No, but she said she already has contextualized that. Right. She contextualized that her first couple of days in court by saying I did whatever I had to do and said what I, I had to say in order not to get my freaking get face beat up. But I Think, I think so seeing that, and that's why I'm saying 'cause like for instance, there was one text from 2009, that's the one where she says I'm to correct it. That's the one where she directly says, I'm always down to Freak off.


And then later she talks about how she wants it to be like she wants it dirty. Like she wants it aggressive, she wants to whatever. So that, you know why they did that? Because they're trying to show if he was aggressive at all, she asked for that. Yeah. She was down with it. Yeah. But I, I just think that like in the, in the text messages leading up to that intercontinental video, he was so gentle in the conversation. Like there was no but But she also said she didn't want another woman, a woman in that position. She didn't want him with any other woman. She wanted to be the only woman. Yeah. But but see, but but the Cassie thing, you know, I don't think it is gonna be as explosive as Dawn and James Cruise. Right. And the reason I think Dawn, Richard, 'cause they both announced yesterday that they're gonna be in a witness stand is there was no that we know of relationship. So this is straight off of there is no I don't, there's no, Well you might find out why Q was crying in that Vlad TV interview.


You Right. And same thing with James Cruise. James Cruise was the manager. Yo, the fact that the So much Is, is calling James Cruise and the fact that the prosecution Is going on. Casie said that James Cruise and D Rock cried one time when they saw her get beat up. But listen Kenny, it get more explosive than on a nipple. Another man rubbed on a nipple. You think you would get Better than that? Even the the oil being warmed up. Yes. 'cause Dawn Richards was there and she has, there's no love for him. She, so she's not letting anything back. I'm sure Cassie's still being a little sensitive, but James Cruise and Dawn, those would be explosive. And also too are you said something and James Cruz Was his ex manager, by the way for Listening. You said something right. You said something about, you know, Diddy was being gentle in text messages. That means nothing because we saw the hotel video.


Yeah. So you can be gentle in a text message, but but then in person, No, no, no. The only reason I brought that up is because we saw the hotel video. But when Cassie talked about the hotel video in court, the way that she framed how the lead up to that was like even their interaction while she was on stand. She did, it came off as very much like aggressive. Oh my God, I'm just here. I don't wanna be here. My body is being like used bruised and like, like almost like, literally like a sex slave almost. But then you see the conversation and he's like, we shouldn't do the Freak off because you got this big movie premier. We should, let's start early so you can get some rest. You gotta take it. Basically he's trying to look out for her in that situation. So she wanted to do the Freak off Right before she went to Work.


Yeah, but he kept saying that. He was like, too bad you got work too bad. You got work. Right. We should do it early, you should get rest. And, but her narrative was completely different. Even though we, that video it just makes you think like, boy I'm Confu because they also brought in basically what's Sha motive? Is it vengeance? Because she, they, they read another text about Kim Porter. Cassie was upset that she never got to spend holidays with Diddy and Kim Porter did. And it was apparent that she felt the way about the woman Gina, which is what broke up their relationship. Michael B. Jordan got some strays in here revealed Was with Kid Cu. So they had a meeting with Kid Cudi before they blew up a car. Allegedly. They, they allegedly, they they went to dinner with Kid Cudi Puff sat them both down and wanted to have a conversation about the relationship. They brought that up yesterday because they, they, she made it seem like he sat them down because he's big bag Puff trying to scare him.


Defense said no, he sat y'all down because he introduced y'all. He felt the way about that. He put you in the studio with him and then you start, you go grab a burner phone and start dealing with him. Of course he gonna sit y'all down the Kit cut he say in that meeting, well why you burning My car? No, he the, he he the car thing hadn't happened yet. Nothing as yet. He said what about my car? 'cause I think Cassie had kind of warned him like he said this is gonna happen and Puff was like, I don't know what you're talking about. What car? I Guarantee you today all the prosecution is gonna say they gonna ask Cassie questions and Cassie's gonna say she told Diddy whatever she need to tell him because she was afraid A hundred percent as I Guarantee you A hundred percent how She possibly doing G Money didn't wanna be down no more. You know what Emini here and when he didn't want me down more started doing his own thing. My thing is, you know, took her to the roof penalized because she was down at one point.


Who's a light-skinned count? Who's a light skinned, cute accountant though. You shut tape. Ain the tapes ain't come out yet. We got eight more weeks baby. We got eight more weeks. You Hear me Lauren? Huh? My thing is, will she be penalized because she was down at one point too. That's what Emmy was kind of asking. She too, at one point I asked And I was told that they, that there's rumors that there were con there was a conversation about immunity with her. But I'm gonna try and get some more confirmed information on that. 'cause I keep saying that like she Yeah, she's, yeah she was complicit at some point. Okay. Alright well when we come back we got Donkey of the day. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Charlamagne. Yes. Today is the People's donkey. So if you want to call in and nominate somebody for Donkey the day the floor is yours, We'll do that.


Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember now that's is how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Yes Donkey. Today for Friday, May 16th is all about you. The people. It's the people's. He haw on Fridays. I like to open the phone lines and allow you the people to give folks the biggest He Hall sell. Hello? Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is Dub Ohio. I didn't hear your name. What'd you say your name was? My name is Antoinette. Antoinette. Who do you wanna give the biggest He Hall to this morning? I Don want to give the big heehaw to my ex for being in jail locked up.


He didn't miss his son. Preschool, graduation. He's about to miss his son. Kindergarten, graduation. He's locked up again another year. Damn, what's his name? You gotta say his name. Oh, Will Damn Champ. Now listen, is it his fault he locked up? Oh it's definitely his fault. What He was doing, What he don't do, he just kind of everything. He just can't. He just can't get right And it's unfortunate because you know, find meeting a father and he just can't get his life together. Damn Well I hope that he gets out and makes better choices. Definitely. But I love y'all. Good morning to all Y'all. Love you too. Love you too girl. Good morning. Who's this? Good morning Tar. What's up Shela? Manne? What's up Envy? What's up?


Just Laura. What's up? Morning please. Rio. Who you wanna get a biggest hawk to this morning? You Shela man. Okay. Damn. Alright look at here man. All this week, it been a good week. But you be dogging Laura out man. Her name is Lauren, not Laura. Lauren. Lauren. Lauren. How do I dog her out? Look, you want LL cool baby because every time she do a segment she can only say half of it. Then you interrupt the whole other half. Man, I don't think that's cool because we be in what she's saying and then we keep interrupting her and then keep messing with her about Herwig. You are a bully Bro. First of all, first of all, Of all a big bully first of all, thank you Sir. First of all, I actually complimented on her her hair. On her hair yesterday I told her that her Bob looked good but then Envy jumped out the window and was like, nah, you killing it. And I was like, don't od you wilding.


She's not killing it. Oh she okay. Okay. Now as far as the interruptions, we're having conversations, I'll be having questions, that's all. But you got listeners that wanna finish hearing what she's saying. Okay? Yes sir. Sure. But you so worried about my late You ain't listening. Alright. That ain't gonna change nothing. You so worried about Hall, man, what me? Good morning. Who's this? What If it is? Good morning, this is Tammy. How are you Tammy? Who you wanna get the biggest hee-haw to this morning? Actually I wanna give it, it's a blanketed. I wanna give it to my melanated unhealed women that keep allowing our melanated brothers, men, fathers, uncles, sons coming into our homes and you want to treat them like daca?


Treat them like what We The World Beating up as they did treating them like kaka boo. Oh, Oh, gotcha, gotcha. Kaka Trying to say the itch Was got you Like The World is beating our melanated men up like crazy and I'm so tired of hearing them speak their silent tears because of what I do as a profession. I speak to melanated men daily and their homes of their melanated women that's in their life are, is not a safe space. So women get it together. If you are melanated, this world is already beating them down. Cut it out. So it's a blanketed for all of y'all that are unhealed and keep bleeding on men, that didn't cut you. I agree with that wholeheartedly. And I think it, I think it goes both ways.


I think everybody need to be doing the work on each other so we stop projecting our pain on the other people that I agree with. You wholeheartedly Talk backish this morning. Yes. I'm so sick of hearing it. Yes ma'am. Thank you mama. Good morning. Who's this? Shante Shante. Who you wanna get a big thaw to this morning? DJ Envy. What do you do? Because the day he announced the car show in Hampton, I went up there to look for the tickets and there was no tickets up there. But they probably sold out. No, they Didn't sell out. It was only $20. No ma'am. You coulda got 'em. You didn't have to go to the, the actual venue to get the tickets. They, there's like Eventbrite you could go online and buy. That's What I went on. I went on Brent Bright. Soon as you nine to seven I went on Ben Bright Event. There ain't no such thing as Ben Bright.


If you went on bit Bri, that's why you damn ticket. You know what she mean? Event Eventbrite. They the tickets we, we Eventbrite I went up there and there was no tickets up there at All. Mama. There was a, there was like thousands of other people that bought tickets that day and She saying she went up there like, it is like a police. I want the bed bright and bed bright and average. Don't define me like that. Don't do that. It's event Bright. Mama. Did you get your tickets now? No, I did not get my tickets. And how many, how many, how many people on gold? You bringing your kids? Yes, I'm bringing my teeth. It's cool. How? Four? Four. Wow. Alright, so I'm, I'm gonna hook you up with a family pack of tickets so you could, you could bring your kids and You can come. It worked Shante.


It worked. It worked. You plan work. It worked. It worked. You fine. You fine them and he can't take it back. Now you fines him because she, she You got 'em. Yeah, you got 'em. You fine enough them so good. I'm gonna give you a family pack of tickets and you can bring your kids, all four of them and yourself and your man or your husband or or your partner and you can come on out And I got you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank You. And you from Virginia? You from the 7, 5, 7. I'm, I'm from Baltimore, but I've been in Virginia since I was 14. Okay, so I got you. You hold on and I'll make sure you good. Y'all better get my Baltimore girl some tickets. The Clock back. That's right. Period. And that's July 19th in Hampton, Virginia.


If you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets ante, you stay on hold. Okay. Ante been doing stuff like that. All right. Shante the type person that I'll call a restaurant and be like, Uber didn't bring my food. I ordered this food so long ago and Uber didn't bring it. And they'll be like, I can come up there and get it. And they'll be like, all right, come up here and get it. Right. She ain't got the app. One of 'em. Exactly. So take, take information for her line. Line Seven. Good morning Then DJ from Atlanta. What's up y'all Dj? What's happening man? Who you wanna get the biggest haw to Man? I'm giving the biggest haw to you. It be just hilarious. The road, the program. Damn. Ever got something to do with the program at, at The Breakfast Club Now y'all playing these Kendrick Lamar songs way too much Bro.


Oh you a OV ho. You a OV Ho. No You o You ain't never calling up and complained about Drake playing on the radio every five seconds when he was having his run. So let Dot have his run. Sir, you right about that. You right about that. But I'm not a Okie ho. But it would be the whole dj. It's all this music out here. It's gotta be some other songs. Nah bro can come on. Drake been doing this for 10 plus years on the radio. Let Kendrick have his moment and play every five seconds on hour. We he got his moment. But can we get some other music? We play Kendrick every hour. Okay, give us some suggestions then. I don know exactly. India Ire, I Don Dunno somebody I, you said India Ire.


He Did Kendrick and all of this every Hour. Sal Luther D Ire man. Yeah, he Wanna hear Luther Ros Right now. No he didn't. He said that he's talking about the Luther song. I know that. All right sir. Yeah, Thank you. He live, he put a play together for us bro. Come on. What the hell he There you go. What? What the hell. Alright, y'all be soon. Love the show. Peace brother. Thank you man. Oh Thank you. All right man. We do that every Friday. It's the People's donkey. Whenever you want to give somebody the biggest He Hall, all you gotta do is call up on Friday, bro. That's right. All right. Yes. Yo, we got Donkey a lot today. The show. You probably heard it. Well East Side Golf is coming up when we, when we come back 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We have Elijah one Aku and Earl Cooper they'll be joining us from, No, it's Elijah one Aku. Okay, okay. Okay. For what's up? I don't be high all the time. East Side Golf. When we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got some special guests in the building? Yes, we have Eli Nuku. Did I say that right? Nuku. Okay. Yes sir. And Earl Cooper. Welcome. How y'all brother doing? Good Elijah. And I always hear your first name as a last name. I've never, I've never met an Elijah one Whose Elijah one was the first name.


That's 'cause of Hakeem Ha Hakeem Elijah The Rockets. Yeah. I was born in Houston. I was born in Houston, but my family was a big rock. They were both Big Rockets fans and yeah, just one thing led to another. First name is, well last name is not first name. Gotcha. Gotcha. You Got, so it was named after Eli that Was Oh really? That was my father. He was born in South Memphis and he changed his name, joined the Black Panthers when he was about 24 J. His name from Robert Rutledge to Kwame Janku. And now I'm Eli, one of ku. Mm. Yeah, they won the Slave Master the name. Got it. What's your ancestry? Yeah, 40% Nigerian. Okay, okay. But it's, it's a Ghanaian name. Okay. Yoruba. But, but it's a split in between the two.


They were just big Houston Rockets fans. Dope, dope. Yeah. And then when I first met Earl, I didn't realize that I never met a young Earl before. Yes. All I know is the old name Earl. For real. That's the name you gotta grow into. Yes, definitely. You ain't grown into it yet. You still look too young for Earl. But all I got, I got another, I got a son on the way. He gonna be Earl too. Oh hell. Okay. That's nice. The World needs another Earl Emini here. DMX made it a classic name Period. Simmons of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah you're right. You're right about that. So how did you guys get into to golf? What? What made you say golf is a sport that I want to do? I want to try, I love and talk about that. Your passion for golf. Yeah. A friend of the family introduced me to the game.


I grew up with his sons playing golf. We all end up getting golf scholarships to college. But the thing was we ended up playing basketball and golf growing up. So we were really competitive. And it was just on the east side of Atlanta, Emini here. It was a way to stay out of the streets for real. Like off Bode Crest Road, you know, east Side. It was tough. But right when I leave, because right when I leave the golf course Emini here, the hood is right there. But like when I'm at the golf course, like it was positive influences always at the golf course. I didn't really have that as much as home as much at home. But why not go to the golf course and actually get that? So judges, doctors, lawyers, entrepreneurs, these are the people that I'm looking up to like how are these people at 11:00 AM on a Tuesday just out and about doing their own thing.


And now it was golf. So I just wanted to be a part of that and have that to be a part of my life. So that's what really just pushed me to it. Yeah. And you're from Delaware? Yeah. Yeah, I'm from Delaware. And you really? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know people really was from there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I met Lauren Number, I told you he was gonna do that number. How long? There's only two of us. Two black people. Two black people. But she played golf too, right? Yeah, yeah. I started playing golf at the age of six inner city youth golf program. It was called the LPGA Urban Youth Golf Program. And my parents just signed me up, like nobody in my family played. And I often like to say I'm happy that my dad didn't listen to a 6-year-old because left up to me, I was like, I don't wanna do this.


You know, where are all my friends? We're everybody that, that looked like me. But he kept me in it. And then at 13 I ended up winning the golf channel drive chip and putt, which is like a free trip to Disney World. I was on tv and I'm like, man, if every golf tournament like this, I'm ready to practice. You know, was fortunate enough Eli And I, you know, had a golf scholarship, the Morehouse College and played on the golf team there. And that's where we met. Wow. Break. Break that down for you said it was called the inner city. It was called the LPGA, which is Ladies Professional Golf Association. So they had a ladies major event in Wilmington, it's called the McDonald Championship. And they created like a nonprofit off of that and it was that urban youth golf program. So again, just trying to get young kids involved in the game.


And then for us, I'll say that's what also kind of helped shape our point of view. Like, 'cause everyone's like, well how did y'all get here? And these programs are great, but you need an evolved adult, right? Like all of you all have kids, so you're not just gonna drop, call it a 10-year-old off at a golf course, right. With the, the average age is a 50-year-old white man. Right? And then you come back, you're like, what happened? Right. So it takes an evolved adult and that's one of the things that we're always constantly encouraging people. Like go with the kid, you know, what Emini here, whatever that may be. So a lot of our focus has been on young professionals, not necessarily just the kids. 'cause we don't even make kids clothes just yet. I Wonder how much Tiger Woods made people feel like influenced people. Yeah. Influenced people to touch, reach out to young black kids and try to get them involved and go Emini here.


He was, yeah. Everything for us. Like coming up Tiger Woods was, you know, he dominated it. He made us wanna watch it. You know, you want to beat just like Tiger. Yeah. When I Emini here, the catalyst for me, when I was 13, actually I was playing golf at, it's across from East Lake Country Club in Atlanta where they hold the tour championship. Y'all definitely gotta come out for that. But across from there, Charlie Yates Junior Academy in 2001 actually got sponsored by Nike to go up to Chicago. I got a 30 minute lesson from Tiger Woods and Earl Woods at the time when his father was still here. So Emini here. Ever since then, I've just been on it, you know, I've been hungry for the game Emini here. Everything that it entitles as far as like gives you, you know, and just the people that it surrounds you, that, that surrounds you because you play it.


So yeah, now it's done. It's no wonders for me. But what made y'all wanna stick with it though, right? Because I know you said if you, when you were six you wouldn't the one to do it, it's born. That's the first thing that, you know, people argue and they say about it. What made y'all wanna stick with it? Y'all actually have a, a golfing brand. Like what people are buying is, y'all got stores about the open up and airports and everything east y'all, y'all still about to have y'all apparel in what? Nordstrom or something like that? Yeah. Nordstrom's right now. Yeah. Right here in New York on 57th. Yeah. What made y'all wanna stick with that? You don't really see a lot of us in golf, right? Yeah. So Honestly for me, golf changed my life. Hmm. Emini here. As far as temperament, resilience, you know, Emini here, everything that I am as far as like just hard work and structure Emini here.


Because when you look at golf and every shot that you take in golf, it's individual. You know what I'm saying? You can't look at the entire thing. You get lost. But that's just like life. You gotta take it one step at a time, a day at a time, you know? And golf just taught me to be real.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80, that's SPA CCE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


The intricate on each single detail. And that's I lyric just relate that over to my professional career as far as corporate finance when I was in that, about to become VP of sales over to here, running a business, you know, there's steps to it and you have to build systems to be successful. And it's crazy. I use all of those things from golf to relay it onto my business and it and it's, and it's been working. Hmm. When do you take the step to to be professional as far as a golfer, right? You know, you, you see all these people, everybody's into golf and, but when is it professional? And, and break it down a little bit. Like we all know basketball, we know there's a draft, we all know football, we know there's a draft, we know baseball. You go into the D league or, or the Farm league as they call it. So how does golf work when it comes to that?


Because you were a Time. So I'm a PGA professional. So what that mean? So PGA professionals are the men and women and we're experts in the golf business. So at every golf course there, there's a person that manage that. And so more that's what I did. So you get your PGA certification's, 28,000 PGA members across the country, outta that 28,000 there's roughly like 300 African Americans, right? So the number is, you know, that's less than half or 1%, right? So there's definitely a lot of work to be done there, but that's what I'm considered a PGA professional versus Eli, you wanna explain it? Yeah, yeah. Emini here. The reason that I started this brand was Emini here back when I, after I graduated from Morehouse, major was accounting minor and finance.


I turned pro in golf. I did that for a couple of years, won a couple of mini tour events, but got to a point I just couldn't afford it anymore. You know, taking it by jobs card boy caddying, like hustling. However I can get it to fund my golf career. Last time me and my mom got in an argument, she was like, yo, it's about that time you get a job. You know what I'm saying? And so had to stop that And I started my finance career. I was in commercial finance for about 10 years. But it got to a point, like I said, I wanted to play professional golf, but I knew it'd be hard to find sponsors. So to your point, the only way to turn pro is to have sponsors in the game. But you Gotta be good enough where sponsors finds you pretty much. Absolutely. Absolutely. And it's full circle for me, actually, I'm turning back pro in golf in June.


That's the reason I started the brand because I was like, if I can't find any sponsors, why not take the entrepreneur route and sponsor myself? So now I have, you know, Geor, a southern company in Georgia, power being one of my, one of my sponsors for professional golf along with a couple of other companies in Atlanta. But it's Emini here. The whole thing is sponsorship. It's dollars. If you can raise that and that company can see what they can really get out of you where it comes to like a certain type of customer or a certain type of field, they'll pay you for it all. We got more With East Side Golf when we come back. Don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with East Side Golf, Elijah, KU and Earl Cooper Charlamagne. I love both of y'all. I love y'all stories because y'all represent, I, I like when people get into a industry and they show all sides of the industry because when I hear PGA professional, I'm thinking that's a player, right? That's what Emini here, that's what I'm saying. Somebody who does the business. Yeah. And that's that. That's like, damn, there's so many different ways for us to be involved in this, in this sport. For Sure. Yeah, no I, I completely agree And I feel like that's one of the things that I'll say really just excites me about our business is the fact that we're having an impact on the sport without actually playing it. Right? And so it's kind of like a basketball analogy would be like we working in the front office, right?


And so we're getting everyone excited and bringing everyone along with us, right? Like when you think about when the brand started, it was right before Covid and then, you know, our first viral moment was Chris Paul wearing it head to toe when he was a player, when he was the president of the NBA players association. The night of the boycott of the event that happened in Kenosha, Wisconsin. And so like that's, that's how we kind of went viral, but it was through basketball. And then from there, you know, we got hooked up with Michael Jordan and we've had like CC Saba, Victor Cruz, you know, Peka, Steve Stout, like you name it. All of these guys are like, we see exactly what you guys are doing, right? Like you are bringing in people into the game culturally relevant and in a way like our tagline is, you know, be authentic.


So that's, that's all we require. Lemme ask you a question I can think of times, right? Like when I was younger, you know, me and my now wife walking into, you know, restaurants in South Carolina, seeing nothing but white people in there. Nothing but white people working there and saying ourselves, yeah, this ain't for us. And I remember one time in particular, you know, we went to one and it was like, oh no we leaving. And the waitress was like, the woman at the door was like, why y'all leaving because it's too many white people. And I was like, yeah, the golf course probably is 10 times as intimidating as that. Just because it's like we don't see each other out there. So if a couple of guys just pull up on the golf course, are they going, are they gonna be welcomed? Yeah. Emini here. Well so they have private country clubs and then they have municipalities as he once said, public parks downtown, which you pay your tax dollars on.


That's what we need to be talking about. Yeah, a lot of those, a lot of those golf courses are definitely welcoming. They know it's your first time coming out there. And on top of that, you know, some, some of these golf courses have bucket of balls, might be 12 bucks and play it against sports for some ball. Yeah. Pause, play, pause. What's wrong with y'all? Grow up. Y'all pause. What's y'all problem? Y'all ball? No, what is your problem? That's for some balls. Yeah, yeah for some golf ball balls. Oh man. Continue you talking about cheap like continue. So downtown bucket of golf golf balls might be 12 bucks but then you can go to play it again sports and get a whole thing of clubs.


14 clubs for a hundred dollars, $25. And this is an investment, you know, like whatever. And I see this all the time. Whatever you do with your life, I don't care what you do. If you play golf, it will increase that revenue. It will increase whatever opportunities you have. Why so many different types of people play golf. Emini here I've met guys that, you know, own movie companies, guys, investors out in Palo Alto, Emini here, all the way over to being at Liberty National, the fireman family that sold Reebok. You know, all of these different types of people play golf, doctors, lawyers, the same type of people I grew up seeing, but the connection that they have in their circle.


Emini here, if you play golf you can go out, oh let me invite my guy. All of a sudden you gotta four some three, four guys out there playing golf and you don't know who it is. You know, relax. Say play golf man. Since cake is going on right now, you know people is are sensitive. You say foursome, everybody trying to figure out, wow. Yes. Y'all don't have gay ears. That's good. Yes. This guy has gay ears. I'm, I'm listening to you 'cause I'm, I'm intrigued by what you're saying. I don't have gay intrigued by a force word. No, I've heard that before. I've heard everybody say that. You know, they golfed because it's great for networking And I sure. You know, I've golfed once I was terrible at it, I got frustrated. Yeah. But, but it's a time for men to do something we don't do, which is talk.


Yeah. You know, for a long period of time. It's good bonding for men I think. Yeah, Yeah. Nah, I agree. I think it's, We on the golf course though. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Nah. And it's funny you said men 'cause we actually we're doing a campaign featuring Justin Tuck just talking about fathers. 'cause a lot of times, again, you're talking about that opportunity to bond and like it's a great sport. Like to just go out there and a lot of times that's a, that's a man's hobby. Yeah. You know, Emini here. But we definitely support the women to get out there as well. And I, I agree that golf can be intimidating. Like look, I was the first African American golf professional at two golf courses that were over a hundred years old. Whoa. You built the 1899 Detroit Golf Club in Wilmington Country Club in Wilmington.


I started out as a caddy there, right? So like used dream of going in the clubhouse like man, like what would that be like? And you know the point, And I feel like the reason why I took both of those roles was simply because here's an opportunity to reset the standard. Right? They don't know. They've never even interact with someone at that level in that position. And so it's important that we do go and kind of push through that uncomfortableness. And that's kind of what I'm saying, where as an adult, if the adults can go, we know it's just gonna, they're gonna look up to you. You know? And so if they see you doing the goal for us, we don't want it to be a shock when we show up or minorities show up and they're playing golf word.


We want that to be normalized. Right? But that's up to us to normalize it amongst that generation. Just like we normalize everything else. So it could be something as simple as like going to the movies or every summer of y'all go to this place, whatever it may be. It's just normal. Just you saw it. And so that's the thing, our goal is that we want this next generation to really say, you know what, I may pay golf once or twice a year and I'm cool with that. But at least when the opportunity comes, we're not sitting on the sidelines. That's what's up. How can they find, how can they go to the site if they want more information? Yeah. Yeah. Finals on eastside golf.com. We actually have a TikTok at Eastside Golf and our Instagram is at Eastside Golf. Yeah. And then go download our app as well.


We got a really dope app. We have a lot of exclusive product on there. Merch, shoes, everything at Eastside Golf Man. Respect the y'all brothers and everything that y'all have built. Everything that y'all are building. This is a very, very inspiring man. And now we gotta get y'all out on the golf course. That's the next thing. That's the next, that's the next thing come. I was already out there. Yeah, she was. She was In Baltimore holding it down. You already know. I feel like, Yeah, I feel like God is calling me to learn. I tried it one time but man I swung at that ball like 30 times and couldn't hit it. And just like, man, I'm just gonna ride around with y'all and drink. Yeah. Yeah That's, Well we got a professional coach right here so we got you covered. Yeah, let us know man. Definitely wanna get Y'all out there out there. But yeah, it's a great like family atmosphere too. Like that's like my son plays, my son played, I played in college And I stopped since college but Okay.


But it was one of those things, we go out there, we drink and we have fun talk and then come back to go to class. But in Hampton, but my son actually plays And I was like I gotta get back out there. But just having the time for sure understand for sure. The time is definitely a thing. But it's just so worth it. And we go to top golf which, which is like, like the thing top golf. Well the that's top on top Golf. Top golf. Yeah. Yeah. What success to you Appreciate? Nah, appreciate it's Breakfast Club. Good morning. Appreciate The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Pastor S.


Yeah. Dj come spin now come spin. What up nla? Good morning Nla Simone, big Nla. What's happening? How are You guys? Blessed? Black and highly favorite. I love that. Yeah, same here. I'm gonna start off, I guess I'm gonna start off slow and then speed it up for you guys. Let's start with get to it from Ian and Nino Pave. I About say that was y'all generation considered slow? Y'all need to stop doing so much bro. That wasn't actually the slow one. Oh but what do you think? That's hard. I like it. Cool. Little Box. It's, it's YM music. I wasn't sure if you guys were like that Music. Okay, cool. It's cool though. The slow, the slower record. I meant to actually start with, it's from Planet Gza and it's called Elevator. I like that. I I like that vibe. Is that Mago on the instruments or no?


Mago. Ain't that some stuff people using to get skinny? No, Mago is artist. He's a Ja. Well he's not a jazz artist but he plays Basically every instrument. Yes. And he does a lot of instruments. Yes, a lot of instruments with people. But what who's that again? Planet Gza. I like that. Yeah. That record Planning. Giz a don't start, Don't start that do sound like someplace videotape you. Right. You wanna take a trip to Planet Gizz? This next record is Boss Man Dlo and Gucci Man went hit. Ooh It In my mouth Fade. That's a lot. Yeah. See that's YNON music, you know what I'm saying? Like Gucci going home at 11. The boss man gonna stay out. But Gucci stay, they gonna kick it from about seven to 10 30.


Gucci probably be out around 11 Balance. Yeah, it's good balance. You know what I'm saying? I knew y'all would like that one. I'm Glad I videos though too. Yes. And then the last one is Lotto with somebody. She's been teasing this record for a while, but it's finally out. I like that too. That's dope. As It went on. I liked it. Yeah. Yeah she, she was, it's different fell lot. I ain't never had a sound Like that. It is kind of poppy. Yeah it is a nice summer bop for all the female players who gonna be lying to guys. Making guys think that you know, y'all gonna be together this summer but you just really having some fun. That's what that feel like. I Like that. Okay. Touche. So if you guys like those records, make sure you guys tune in and listen to them on the certified playlist. You can get it by clicking my link in bio And I also have it in my story. Just make sure you follow me at Nyla Simone.


N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Also Nyla. We got a salute Leia. 'cause we said she, she was signed and she said she's not signed, she's independent. LA said she not signed. She's independent. Said she's independent. I know she not signed. You said she was signed? I Googled and Google Said she was signed. Well she signed before. Right. And now she's not signed. Now she was Signed before yet. She was signed before. But then when you said that I was like dang, maybe she got reigned so then I didn't say anything. Oh no. I thought you Said not yet. I thought you said not yet last week. About Leah. Yeah, last I knew she was not signed. Gotcha. She was signed but she's not anymore. She's independent now. Got you. Yeah, she did a whole video on it for But Liz's been going up man. Dope. Love her. Love her so much. Alright, Yo, what is the name of that? Giz it. Joint Elevator. Elevator. Okay, cool. Yes.


Alright, well thank you Nala. Thank you guys. Have a great week weekend. Be safe. Okay. You too. All right. Everybody else, the People's Choice mixes up next. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta salute the cast of the wife for joining us today. Man. They celebrating my brothers 23 years, man. The Jordan year. Why? I I just don't what couldn't be done with the wire? Like I feel like the wire need to have like a, a documentary maybe a re a reunion. Yeah, Definitely a documentary. Yo. But they can't do a spinoff. They can't, I don't want 'em to mess it up. Like the blueprint was, was great. Now remember a couple years later a show called The Corner had came out.


Right? Yep. And I felt like they tried to do the same type of thing. It didn't really stick for me, but we've seen that try to be done over and over. It just, it don't come close. So I think a documentary would be the right thing. Emini here. Yeah. I do think that ship has sailed. But I do think back in the day, wire spinoffs would've worked if they would've kept like the same writers, the same producers because they could've created their own world because They would going to different Cities. Yeah. Just like the power universe. They think like plenty of those guys could've left set up shop somewhere else. The one that lived. But You don't think it could go back back to that though? 'cause so many people are are intrigued with the street lifestyle and selling drugs and all that. People love seeing those type of things. And those movies do well, those shows do well. Maybe, maybe you go to another place, like you go to dc you go to Detroit, you go to New York, you go to, you know, a small town somewhere where, you know, that we might not know.


Maybe Like Charlotte said though, it gotta be written. Right. The dialogue gotta be exactly. The streets like exactly what it really is. Yeah. Alright. And also East Side Golf for joining us this morning, Man, I, I am really inspired by what them brothers are doing. Just because they doing something different outside the box. Yeah. They doing something that you don't really see a lot of us doing and they're having a lot of success. So SLU to those brothers. Alright. And then one of them is from Delaware, big Delaware. There's a big Delaware. Same one Saying no, I'm saying you only, I didn't know it coming a big size. I know it's a, I know it is. Yo, whatever. Yo, shout out to East Side. Go Eli, Eli and my man Earl Cooper.


And also, you know what? I wanna salute Mimi Brown. And if Mimi's listening, I just wanna say I apologize for my friends. Mimi is right here. Come here Mimi. You know what if Mimi listening, this guy is so crazy. Mimi. Like, why do you Mimi, Mimi sitting right here. I know Mimi Get to the mic, but Mimi told us today she's from Alaska and my friend here at The Breakfast Club. Crazy. Crazy. That's some of the dumbest questions ever. You know? And I just wanna say Mimi, I'm sorry. It's all Right. Emini here. Just Gonna ask if you live, if you really lived. I I just wanted to know. I wanted to know, did she grew up in the igloo? Like what part of town she from? Is she from the east or the west side? She said it's dark all the time. So like it's, it, It's, it's normal. And by the way, don't NBA don't act like you weren't dumb. NB was like, it gets dark all the time.


And I learned that middle School, no, it's dark in the wintertime all the time. The summertime is light 24 hours. So it's the opposite. So you go to school at night, well at when it's dark and then you come on, it's just dark. Just dark. It's Just dark. It's just, but in the summertime. So The light bill gotta be crazy. Well Kind of, kind of the street lights stay on in the wintertime like the whole time. But in the winter it's 24 7 summertime. Right. So the sun doesn't go down. Mm. So that's the, but I asked you where side you is from, you know, you from the south side, like where you from? I don know There's like a, we don't really do that. It's just, you know, east side of Igloo. Nick, Justin from the slopes. The pole in the South pole Emini here. That's d like that's, that's That's That's Alaska though. That's Alaska. Yeah. So you could say I'm from the north. I'm from the South Pole.


Okay. I'm from the north. I'm a, I'm from North. You're from the North Pole. You Know You ever seen st there? No, we never seen St. Nigga. So Like what do you guys do? You guys like sled? We sled, we ski. We like, we do all the like all the outdoor activities. Char Emini here. That to black people Here you got black people. We go hiking. My dad, we, we went fishing, we did all of that. Can you see Russia from Alaska? For Real? You cannot see Russia. I don't know where Sarah Peel got that from. We not see Russia from, from, oh my gosh. Our balcony now. Yo. Charlemagne dumb You These say, so when did you come to America? Oh that was a, that was aag. When did you come to America? This America. This America. That's that America. Where, what's wrong with you? He did say that. Well M Me thank you for front page news.


Thank you. And we appreciate you. Absolutely. Definitely. Go check out her podcast Altina with Love. That's Right. Altina with love. Thank y'all. Emini here also, we gotta send a happy birthday to our friend and one of our producers up here. Who Taylor today is Taylor's birthday. Taylor Who? Taylor Ma Happy. Stop playing. Stop playing with my girls Taylor Birthday. I talking about Taylor Swift. This whole, I made it. It's her birthday. I said it was Janet Jackson. No you won't because you hungry as hell. You ain't not gonna do that. Damn. You're hungry as Today. You're not gonna waste no food. Today is Taylor's birthday. She's also having a baby shortly. So congratulations. Enjoy your day. And she just had her first Mother's Day. Yes. Yes. Thank you guys.


Congratulations mother. Y'all happy birthday. Thank You. She naming her son Jesse, You got emotional. Why? What'd You say Jess? She naming her son Jesse. You naming your son Jesse? I'm not, it was, I'm sorry, In The options but wasn't, we didn't pick it. Why'd you get emotional earlier? No, 'cause I was just thankful. Just happy. This new bus, she's Pregnant. Aw. And She's getting closer to birth and she, yo, it's about to be a whole vibe. Like you about to be turned up. Just think about how you overworked and underpaid. You won't get emotional no more. You not put something else That Well that's why I have you, Charlotte. That's right. That's right. That's Right. You want us to remain oppressed no matter what.


Show 'em your shirt. Show 'em oppression. Show him what look like. Alright, all Alright. What? Happy birthday Taylor. Listen. Happy birthday Taylor. And this weekend if you did not get your tickets for the Atlantic City Show, I will be at Harris Casino. Me and my brother, Desi Alexander, calling Philly, New Jersey, New York, even Delaware. If y'all around there somewhere, get your tickets right now with Jesse lar official.com. It's only 200 tickets left for the show and they will be sold out by the end of the day. So get your tickets if you have not yet. Next Friday, mash, Kentucky, Connecticut. So calling Hartford, Bridgeport, Connecticut. I will be at Foxwoods Casino next Friday. The show starts at eight and then on Saturday I'm skipping over to Boston, Massachusetts and I'll be at the Wilbur Theater.


So get your tickets for all those shows on Ticketmaster or jess aari official.com. Just getting money I see there this weekend. Great. Yes you will, Bro. You are pregnant. Sit down somewhere. My goodness. All right, you got a positive Note? Yes. And it comes from Dr. Seuss. I want y'all to read a couple of books this weekend. At least one. All right. 'cause the more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. Have a blessed day. Okay, that was giving a little something. Dr. Seuss. Okay. Yes. Breakfast Club Bitches Y or y'all done? Illa Done. Hey, it's 7:00 PM Friday.


You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Pluto TV presents the Black Collective, a cur collection of movies shows and more. All for free watch films like Paid in Full and Boomerang series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters and Powell on virtually any device for free Pluto TV stream. Now Pay Never The Breakfast Club, Juman and Hill. New York's injury lawyers go to hurt ny com. That's hurt ny.com. The positive note is brought to you by Lincoln Tech, trained for careers in auto skilled trades and more at Lincoln Tech. For Essence healthcare, women's health is essential for a thriving community. And essence is here to keep you healthy.


By providing ex, The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people. We went from normal life, healthy child, to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B-cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive.


There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer.


Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org. Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza Night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@aci.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month.


And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today.


If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.