
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is here, and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Watch the season premiere of BMF now only on Stars and the Stars app


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


I think everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled the golden Years of hip hop. It's black Music Month and we need to talk is tapping in. I'm Nyla Simone. Breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices, and digging into the culture that shaped the soundtrack of our lives. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out is that our music changes people's lives for the better. Let's talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to we need to Talk from The Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne guy. Peace To the planet. It is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That is right. It's Friday. I'm excited. I'm happy. How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. I'm excited. I'm even more excited that it's Friday Now your mom is getting married this weekend, right? What part? Yes. My mother is getting married. Are you part of the wedding? Like, 'cause you can't be a flower girl, like, like Yes. I'm the, You the best man. Wish I Would. What? No, my daughter is actually a flower girl.


Oh. This is gonna be, this her first wedding, obviously. But her first, She walk, she walking now, right? No, no, no. She's trying to, okay, okay. Okay. She's, she's nine months. She will be the flower girl. Okay. On the 20th. But yes, I am the maid of honor. Okay. I've never been the maid of honor in the wedding. It is, it is stressful. My mom is like bridezilla ray killer pine, so I just can't wait for it to be over. I'm, I'm happy for her, you know, though. I am. Who's walking her down the aisle? Her father. Oh, her Father. Okay. I don't know why I feel like Molly two years old boy. I know, right? I know. Well, she look, she look one already, you know Chris tall. So she tall. She a long baby for sure.


Yes. She, she's a big nine months like my daughter is. 'cause she fat too. And then she's tall. So, And, and salute everybody who went to bed too early last night and missed a great finishing. That was game one of the NBA finals. I was one of 'em. My god. Yeah. Jesus. Oh man. Well, like Charlemagne said, if you haven't seen the Indiana Pacers pulled off one last night. I went to sleep and, And I thought OKC had it. OKC was up the whole game. I was like, he was up about 14. Yeah. I was like, I'm going to sleep. Well, Ja, from Indy salute to you J I'm sure he'll be calling in. Alright man, I still got OKC in five. But man, I will say that that Hall Burton what the Holly Emini here. He, He had 14 points last night. Everybody relaxed, but He did what he was supposed to do.


I know. I know. But he closed out. But he had 14 last night. But he closes out salute to the Paces team. They had like six or seven players in double figures last night. That's what wins ballgame. But Holly Burton closes out. He knows how to close out a game. He closed out on the Knicks a couple of times. Does Miss does There's a lot of, there's a lot of stars in the NBA. There's a lot of stars in the NBA that doesn't want that Clut shot. He looks, he he he takes that Clutch shot. He does Look, he does look good in the clutch. He does. But if you're gonna be the face of the league and have people putting you in that conversation face of the league, that's what some idiots are saying, that he could be the face of the league. You gotta have more than 14 points in the NBA finals game. That's all I'm saying. I wouldn't say, Is it really ever just one face that the league like, 'cause there's so many players. Yes. Emini here. It depends. It depends.


It's been, you know, you had Magic Bird, you had Jordan in his era. It just depends. Kobe for Lobe. James. James who? LeBron James. Oh, LeBron James. Yeah. You got to say LeBron. You don't start with James. I tell you James. I was saying everybody's last names Bryan. Oh wait, alright, well let's get the show cracking. Taraji P Henson will be joining us. Oh my God. She's in the new movie Straw Tyler Perry Straw, which is out today And it's good. Y'all, I need to get it. Y'all need to watch it. No, Eddie. It's crazy. It's a mind bender. Oh, Alright. What Now Gorilla released her record today. I thought we would have it, but we don't have it yet. It's called Type Up. We got that. Nah, we'll have it in a little bit. We'll get it in the system in a little bit. But we do have Mariah Carey's new single.


That's 'cause she performing at the iHeart Radio Mu Festival. Yes. Its iHeart Radio Music Festival should be there. This Shit. Why you say O? Yeah, like that Emini. Here. Shut up Man. Play Mariah Carey. Stop. Why don't, just don't follow him up. 'cause he's silly. She plays, she performed at the iHeartRadio Music Festival this year. Mariah Carey. We got our new record. What is it called? Type? Dangerous. Dangerous. Yes. It's The Breakfast Club. Wow. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, let's talk. Good morning Raw. Hold on one second. Morgan mate. Pacers beat the thunder last night. If you went to sleep early, like Charlemagne said a little bit, you missed it. OKC was up 14 at one point. They were up six with two minutes left. But the paces came back and won last night. 1 11, 1 10 to lead the NBA finals game one.


What's up Morgan? What's up Is this bromance breakup that appears to be happening between President Trump and Elon Musk snatching wigs and edges and all types of stuff. So maybe we like get a little of rat. Yes. The girls are fighting. So President Trump says he doesn't know if he and Elon Musk will continue to have a great relationship. His comments in the Oval Office came days after Musk criticized Trump so-called one big beautiful Bill. Now, it's important to note that the President's comments came early in the day and the drama between him and Elon Musk progressed as the day went on. But Trump initially had, here's what Trump initially had to say yesterday regarding Elon Musk and those comments that came out. You saw the words he had from me, the words, and he hasn't said anything about me that's bad.


I'd rather have him criticize me than the bill because the bill is incredible. Elon's upset because we took the EV mandate and you know, which was a lot of money for electric vehicles. Elon And I had a great relationship. I don't know what well anymore. Yeah, Charlemagne, you called it, you called it about those EV vehicles. You said he's, what is he gonna be mad at? It's gonna be two, one of two things. Now, Trump said he and Musk or Trump said he asked Musk to leave his administration. Trump said Musk was upset that he was ending the EV mandate, which will cost Musk billions of dollars. Now, Trump also said the Tesla CEO was disappointed. Trump did not, or he decided not to go with his preferred head of nasa.


And the president threatened to terminate. As we said, Elon's government told subsidies and contracts. Now, Musk said, Trump's so-called big beautiful Bill was never shown to him and passed in the house in a deal. And in the dead of night, he also reposted an image showing old tweets from Trump that appeared to contradict his spending. Bill saying, where's this guy today? Musk has been highly critical of this beautiful bill since his time ending as a special government employee for Doge. Now, the Tesla CEO also made a post claiming, the reason the Jeffrey Epstein files haven't been made public is because Trump is in them. Musk posted a time to drop the really big bomb before saying Trump is in the files.


Now the financier and convicted sex offender died back in 2019 by suicide. And the public has long called for the release of the documents, including a contact list of names. Now, the Tesla CEO Elon Musk also claims that Trump would not have won the election without him. Musk responded to a post calling for President Trump to be impeached, saying yes. Yeah. So what do you guys think about all of this drama? Oh, you Know, even though I I, I said this was gonna happen months ago. I, I don't particularly believe this right now. I think it's all wrestling. Like Elon has lost like a hundred billion dollars since December. He lost like 26 billion yesterday. I think that a lot of this is just try to try to rehabilitate Elon's image to get his companies back on track.


But I think that's a wrap. Elon's gonna have to step down as A-C-E-O-I, I won't believe this until some of those government contracts actually get pulled. Like threatening the government contracts to get pulled is one thing. Actually pulling them is another. That's when I believe like, some of this is real. Yeah, because that, that, that Epstein files thing to me is a nothing burger. Yeah. Yeah. That was just a shot. But the problem is, is like Eli Musa, you know, he gave Trump what, $277 million for his campaign. The problem is with a lot of, with a lot of those EV companies, and this is the eff up part. Joe Biden put it into play that a majority of your fleet, or the jump majority of the cars that you sell have to be ev I think by 2026. So a lot of these manufacturers changed to ev we're trying to sell ev and if you look at all these lots, nobody wants to buy ev these cars are not selling.


They're practically giving them away to the fact where a Hummer during COVID was like $1,500 a month if you wanted to lease it. Now that same Hummer I seen yesterday for 400 and change, like Page is trying to give these cars away. Nobody wants them. And there's people are gonna be losing billions and billions of dollars. Yeah, but he, but Trump said Elon knew that that was gonna be in the bill. So he said, he said Elon knew that was gonna be in the bill the whole time. So Elon Said he'd never seen the bill. Well, Yeah, that's pretty, people Need to start reading. That's, that's what I think. And you know, and that, that that Epstein fo thing is really a nothing burger because you know, the, the flight logs of the, of, of Epstein's plane came out and, and Trump was on those. So it was a lot of other people. Well you seen Pictures on triple Like Bill Clinton. Yeah. Trump and Bill Epstein had been in, they, they got video of them in parties together picking out, picking out girls.


And plus Trump is already president. So what is Trump and the Epstein files gonna do? I don't know. Making worse than what he already does. What Donald Trump. Donald what? Listen. Donald Trump Teflon it. Like, like come on, stop. Like when he said I can walk in the middle of whatever street and shoot somebody in the head and nobody will care. He was absolutely positively right. He wanted a whole, he won a whole election. Nobody is gonna care that Donald Trump is in the Epstein piles. All y'all. Well that's your front faith news for 6:00 AM Stick around at seven. We'll talk trade in China and immigration. Everybody Else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Kathy. Hey Kathy. Good morning. This is Kathy. Get it off your chest. Yes. I wanna know why these grown ass man like to play games. What happened? Who, who stood you up? Nobody Stood me up. But it's been happening over and over where men, when they want to be in a relationship and they ready to settle down, then we game for a relationship.


All they wanna do is play games. So once again, who stood you up, ma'am? Did How, what happened? Me, ain't nobody staying up. So who are you talking about? You talking about somebody in particular? This happened to a home girl? Yes. Oh, okay. Sure. Yeah. A ho You gonna call up early in the morning to speak up for your homegirl? Huh? What happened? Tell us what happened to her. My friend, the dude, what's his name? Nah, I can't give his name. So what, so what happened? So they got together and he claims he wanna settle down. He wanna marry her. Then all of a sudden he's not ready for it right now. It's too much going on. Did she let him hit? She let him hit? Of course. Oh, okay. Well listen man, let that man, you know, go back home to his family man.


Stop disturbing that man in his family's peace. Wow. He's disturbing ass. Anything. Well, you should have know, you know, you probably knew he had a family from the start or maybe he lied to you, but either all let that man go back home to his family. I'm sorry. You're going through that Mama. It is not her. Okay. Hello. Thank you. Alright mama. I would say I'm gonna pray for you, but I'm not. 'cause you ain't had no business sleeping with that lady. Husband. Hello? Hello. Who's this? This Is Pay. Hey Tay. Good morning. Get it off your chest. T hey. So oh, pay, sorry p Hi. Am So excited that Elon must told on Trump. What did he tell on Trump about? Because, Well, he said that he wouldn't have won the election without him. Now see, that's a bigger conversation. 'cause you remember everybody was saying that, you know, and I'm just throwing this out here.


This was a conspiracy theory that, you know, the, the election might have been rigged and you know, Elon had something to do with it. That right there is a little bit more of a telling statement than the Epstein files one. It's because I wish Kamala had had requested for a recount, a Revo or whatever you call it. Yeah, but even but you know what though? Even if because Oh, I'm sorry. He bragged, he bragged on CNN about Senate Elon Musk to Pennsylvania and how he's such an awesome guy and he checked out the voting machines and three seconds later he said, did you see how fast those votes came in? And the whole country like turned red overnight. Yeah. And you remember when Joe Rogan, Joe Rogan was saying that Elon Musk had developed some type of custom app and he knew the results of the election.


Like before. Before. Yeah. You know, so Emini here, to me that's a bigger thing than, you know, the, the Epstein file. But you know, we get so caught up in foolishness, we don't actually pay attention to what people would be talking about. But Even when he ran against Hillary, there was interruption from Russia. So he didn't win that election either. Well, he rigged it Well, but that's his history. He always steals stuff. Oh, we can't say for sure that it was Rigged. Thank you mama. You know, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chat.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear From you. You on The Breakfast Club? Hello? Who's this? Good morning guys. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Hey Envy, listen to this. You know my garbage truck got a horn too, bro. Yeah. Get out people way. Yo, how about that? How about y'all? Garbage trucks Get out people way in the morning. Stop blocking streets. Why do we do that? Stop blocking streets. Get to work. You can't say you rock with the garbage people and then talking bad about the garbage people. Make up your mind Charlie. Man, That's not talking bad about the garbage people. That's, that's telling me, that's telling the garbage people outta one way. That's telling the garbage people to have some respect for that long line they be having behind them. You ain't gotta block the whole street. They are doing their job.


Don't Block the whole street. We gotta block the street. No you don't. For the safety of the guys on the back. No you don't. So They don't get run over and Killed. Nobody gonna run the garbage truck over. The garbage truck is huge. Oh, You meant the Guys that's on the back happen Off the back. These not listening. Why? How would we do that? How would we hit the guys on the back? Because Bro, a yo hey, go to YouTube and type garbage. The the garbage business is the most dangerous job in, in, in America, bro. I'm, I'm not dis YouTube I'm not disputing that. I'm not disputing that. But I want y'all to stop blocking the street. But anyway, anyway, just shout out to your mother getting married, man. Thank you so much Sean.


And also I want people to go check on my new single, it's called Good Loving on my IG story page. Jess, you need to go check that up please. Okay. Sean Stone TV Do you use and also let you sing it on there. Yeah. Jess, you never know. I could sing just, Okay. I did not know that. I didn't Know. I want all Caribbean people to go support a Jamaican because some people on, on, on the YouTube. Sean is Jamaica. I could never be a fear Jamaican. I lived there for 18 years. I was born there. People what, Sean, do you get offended when people say your music garbage? Or do you take it as like a, you know, they paying homage to your day job? Dang. Well, well at the same time people don't listen to my music. They say it's garbage.


They gotta go listen to it first and then give me a critique. You know what Emini here, but you not listening it. You just saying it's garbage without even listening it. And that's why What's your YouTube page against Sean? I'm gonna send everybody there to put trash cans in there. Man. No, not garbage men. This ain't TV on you. On on ig. Yes. Go. Just Sean Stone. Yes. Leave a trashcan in Sean's comments. For respect to the garbage man, guy is Evil. He's Evil. Goodbye Sean. Respect garbage men. We gotta go. Hopefully go listen to Sean's record this week and give some support. All right, smooth to all the sanitation workers out there. All the garbage men. We do appreciate your service. Just stop blocking the street. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this smooth jazz from the port.


What for Smooth Jazz. What up? Get it off your chest. Hey man, I want talk to these brothers out here that ain't got no hand in their head bald like myself. I just wanna tell y'all embrace that man. Don't even worry about what these women say, how they feel. You better embrace that man. And like I'm, I'm, I really took a minute to really embrace mine, but once I did yo like, like crazy because they like a confident man. You feel me? So I just wanna let y'all know, don't be out here putting these markers on your head looking crazy. I feel like Charlamagne, I'm ro fine, you feel me? I'm I'm nineties rom confine baby sleuth. Everybody in the multiverse of baldness. You know what I'm saying?


Like we've been embraced being bald. Okay. Oh that's Right. All right, well whatever. Hello. Who's this Man? What's happening? This baby boy 9 0 4 man, What up baby boy? 9 0 4. Get it off your chest bro. Man I Wanna talk about them local promoters man. And all them people be gatekeeping in the city man. Let 'em know. Stop. Soldier hating. We gonna make it one way or another. You heard me The Hating you baby boy Call outside. What's that? I said they hating on you. Yeah, they sold the hating man. They sold the hating but I got a single call outside. They gonna be the biggest thing popping this summer man. I got it for the lady. And guess what? Tell 'em said we outside. If day the sun shine girl, it's your time. You hear me? Man, y'all tapped in man. Google me baby.


4, 9 0 4. You know where you calling from? You can hear, you can hear the accent. Yes. Hello. Who's this? Ray, Connecticut. What up bro? Get it off your chest. I'm gonna adjust Shalam Charlemagne. Peace. Peace please. What you call? Yeah, I'm calling because a friend of mine by Sean Best from Bridgeport, Connecticut, he was shot by the Bridgeport Police. I want y'all to look it up to see, to see the situation, right? Yeah. He's basically shot for running and the Bridgeport police are sweeping it under the rug. That's Horrible. I just, yeah, I just wanted to put some lights to it so everybody could look it up. What's his name again At Bridgeport, Connecticut.


Dashan. Beth, Sean Beth Diha. Dashan. D-Y-S-H-A-N. Yes. Diha. It was 38 years old. He had a vape pen. Yeah. Yes, but no gun. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if you look at the videos you, you'll see that from when they pulled him over he had a vape in his hand. Mm. And then when they, when he got to the alley they said they didn't know what it was. Wow. Then they, then they tried to say it was, it was a gun in his hand. Then they proved it wasn't Right. And they say, they say they Street stand under under the rug. They said he was a truck driver. A father? Yeah. CDL driver. Yeah. A member of the city's north end community. Yes. Wow. I just wanna put some light to that. I appreciate y'all.


Alright Brother, I Call then to get through. Well Thank you for calling and, and keep us updated and if you wanna look him up, his name is Diha. D-Y-S-H-A-N and his last name is Best BEST. You Google it, it'll come right up in Connecticut. Bridgeport. Connecticut. Thank you brother. I'm sorry for your loss too. Yep. Thank y'all. Alright Brother. It, it is crazy how situations like this happening. You don't hear anything about them whatsoever at all. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yes. So I heard y'all talking about the finals last night And I know y'all said people went to sleep but somebody stayed up 'cause he put a million dollars on the series. We gonna find out who it is and how that money is looking after game one.


Alright, We'll get into that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fat Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody know well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Well I know you guys know Game One went down the Indiana Pacers won one 11 over Oklahoma City.


Thunder won 10, but Jay-Z has reportedly bet a million dollars at the Oklahoma City. Thunder will win the finals and Game well won the finals. Now here's the issue. So he placed his million dollar bet with the Fanatic Sports book, which is we know Michael Rubin's company and if he wins Jay Z's company too Was Oh, I didn't know that Jay-Z owned part of it. Yeah. So while he placed the bet with their company and if he wins he will profit $2.3 million. But he'll also Oh so he'll profit Like 3.3. Listen. So he'll profit $2.3 million on top of what he already bet. So it'll be a total of $3.3 million.


Oh gotcha, gotcha. Yes. Now, So he'll win 2.3, he'll get his million dollars back. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So total be 3.3. But the profit will be the 0.3 2.3. Yes. So this, but this means that the Thunder can't lose more than one game of the seven game series. Huh? He won that. That the OKC would win in five. Yes. So yeah, so yeah, like you said, yes, Great promotion for fanatics. You know what I'm saying? JB company, you can do that. That's why I was a little confused. I didn't, and maybe that's why I was reported that way. 'cause in the reports it all runs back to Michael Rubin. But, well Jay-Z plays his bets with the gambling side. He owns Emini here. It's good business like, you know, like Emini here, it's, it is public knowledge that he invested in fanatics. Not like it's a secret. Well it is great. But what I'm asking Emini here, well I guess I'm not asking but I did, I didn't know that you can do that.


Like if you own something, isn't that what, what would that conflict of interest. He can, he can bet and he own the company. I don't Know. I don't know if that's a problem. 'cause he doesn't own the teams. Yeah. It's not like you, it's not like, it's not like you control whether or not the teams win or not or Lose. Yeah. Yeah. Got you. I don't know if he if how that bet is gonna turn out though. KC would've to win four games in a row straight. I don't know if that's going happen. I don't think I've seen that after last night. Indiana is a very solid, deep balanced team. Like deep. I don know Charlemagne you said on brilliant idiots that Halle Burton would never be the face of the league. No he won't. You still feel like that? Yes. The face of the league. No, no, that's, He's been in the league for six years already. He one of the nicest plays in the league, but he's not, Let's take a listen to Charlon.


Brilliant idiots. I don't have a problem with Tyrese. I just have somebody who loves Tyrese and thinks he's the face of the league and I'm like, there's no he is not. Tyrese can win the next two championships and wouldn't be the face of the league. Okay. Why do you think? Because he just don't have the, he doesn't think about the face of the league conversation. Face of the league already is anointed upon you on your first day. It just,


Hey what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the B premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


I think everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled The golden years of hip hop Is black Music Month and we need to talk is tapping in. I'm Nila Simone. Breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices and digging into the culture that shaped the soundtrack of our lives. My Favorite line on there was my son and my daughter gonna be proud when they hear my old tapes. Yep. Now I'm curious, do they like rap along now? Yeah, because I bring him on Touro with me and he's getting older now too. So his friends are starting to understand what that type of music is and they're starting to be like, yo, your dad's like really the goat. Like he's a legend so he gets it. What does it mean to leave behind a music legacy for your family? It means a lot to me. Just having a good catalog and just being able to make people feel good. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out is that my music changes people's lives for the better. So the fact that my kids get to benefit off of that, I'm really happy or my family in general. Let's talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to we need to talk from the Black Effect Podcast network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a Very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny, the butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Kara Moosh, What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to him. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


If I don't care if you coming outta high school, I don't care if you coming outta college, there's a light on you that it's really just yours. The fumble. It's a fact. Tyree, he's not even the most famous Tyrese. Now you people heard me saying that the first 30 seconds. I probably thought I was talking about Tyrese Gibson from Fast and Furious. Yeah, Emini here. You got Joka, you got Luca, you got none of those guys that would be facing the league. They're not from here, they're not from America. They still could be facing League. Ty got a better chance of being because Face League, he's from America. Foreign will never, I wouldn't say facing League. What are you talking? No, it would already have Happened with bma, with LeBron in the league. Well he's American. Steph Curry's still the league American, but They're about to retire in the next couple of years. And then there has to be a new face of the league. A foreigner never be face of the league.


If that was the case, Joco would've been facing the league. Giannis would've been facing of the league. Like these guys have already won championships MVPs but Still not bigger than LeBron and Steph Because LeBron and Steph are American. Well I saw people yesterday reposting Paul George's comments when he said this was a couple days. This was a couple days ago though. He said that he, he thinks that he is the face of the NBA. He's number one. He's the number one option. Well we shouldn't be listening to Paul George Emini Here. I don't know who we should be listening to. I'm just saw y telling y'all what I saw. These all opinions. Opinions like butt holes. Everybody got him. I just Emini here. Listen, I just don't see, Tyrese is a great player. He does super, super into Clutch. He's just not gonna be face the league. Well face the league. We think LeBron, Steph Curry, you know historically, Michael Jordan Magic Johnson Tyse not gonna be there.


He's gonna be a good player though. I Think a foreigner can be the face of the league. No, well Game two is set for Sunday this Sunday at 8:00 PM so it'll keep going in other news, I broke a story yesterday. Portia Williams, I'm sorry, Kenya Moore. You remember Kenya got that suspension off of Rural Housewives of Atlanta? Yes. For the remainder of this current season. So yesterday Kenya posted a statement to her Twitter and she basically was taking accountability for, you know, the whole showing the photos thing, not showing the photos thing on Real Housewives of Atlanta. But it made people start asking if she is going to return back to the show. And I was told by a source close to Real Housewives of Atlanta production that Kenya Moore is not going anywhere anytime soon.


The the statement that she actually posted, she took accountability. But the last line of it, it said I will see you guys back on Bravo very soon. So that got the fans going and the person I spoke to said Emini here. Rightfully so. And there was also stories out there that she, Kenya Moore was supposed to be doing like a sit down conversation separate of the reunion 'cause she wasn't allowed to film the reunion with Andy Cohen. But that didn't end up happening. But for the people that are wondering, you will see our girl back on Bravo. I don't know how she'll be brought back in 'cause she missed majority of the season, but she will be back on the show. Okay. How you feel about that? Because also Brittany Edie posted yesterday too. That's the girl who alleged or they were alleging that Kenya posted those photos about during the season that she wasn't even in the photo.


She just found out that she was not even in the photos that Kenya got suspended for. She wasn't Oh for real. But if she wasn't in the photos then why'd she get suspended? So this is the now the conversation that Had to take and then had to make a statement apologizing. Yes. So she can come back. Emini Here there were photos shown, but now Brittany is saying that it was not her in the photos. Brittany also is was reportedly and mentioned not being at the reunion, the filming of the reunion yesterday. But I don't know what Bravo now will have to do and what they will have to say because there wasn't a whole investigation that happened and for all of this time we believed that those photos were of Brittany and that, you know, it was alleged revenge porn type of thing. And that's why she was, Kenya was removed from the show.


So Yeah. And this statement that Kenya actually made, I'm also told she made that statement prior to her even finding out about the whole Brittany not being in the photo thing and Brittany making her statement. Right, Right. Because then what, what would my apology be for then We'll find out. But I, we will definitely find out because she's, she ain't gone nowhere anytime soon from what I'm told. Right. The baby sleep just, They just need to bring back Nene Is the baby sleep just because you're doing that, the baby sleep because you're doing that Janet Jackson whisper thing. I'm definitely not doing the Janet Jackson. Yes, you are nothing. I'm definitely not. But they need to bring back Nene. That's just what it is, Emini here. So it can be interesting. Again, it's really not interesting. It's just caddy, the the the new girl.


It is like the new girls are such fans, they want to be down so bad and it's, it's played. So it's like That's the conversation right now is Nene Portia, Kenya back for the next season. Yeah. Like yeah. Yep. Yeah. I don't know if that works, but it seems like it's structured. It seems like these new, the the newer girls and the newer people that's on these shows are trying to do things to stay relevant. That's how it goes though. Instead of letting it happen. A lot of the older shows things just happen and it seem natural now. It just seems like it's forced. But that's How it go. You take a shot at at whoever got the peach Right. And it seems like everything is fake and everything like me letting like just for storyline. Well I did see Nene comment on our report yesterday. She put some hearts under our report and, and we talked about the fact that she said that her of course relationship is, is good with the network.


So I don't know. We'll see. But I'll tell y'all one thing. If it does happen, you guys might hear here first. Not even might you're, you'll hear it here first. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. You're welcome. Ra don't watch none of the housewives. No, no. You don't care. You watch all of Them letting y'all ladies have y'all. I love y'all talk. Thank you. You know what I'm saying? When ladies is talking, sometimes you just shut up and hush. Appreciate it. So you envy Jess, y'all get to it. That's right. And I broke up with yesterday. He needed this Housewives talk. Sending you some love boo. I Will say though, the, the only person that can determine whether or not Nene comes back is Andy Cohen. Oh, that's what you gotta make it right with. Yeah. You can have all the conversations you want amongst young ladies and on social media, but Andy Cohen gotta be the one to build the bridge. But She said she, but she said she, I don't care worked with the network though.


I don she thought Emini here. Not even said we've seen it. She's done little things with the network since then. You don't really care. You care. You said all that and then I don't really care. You care if Nene came back girl, you'll be watching. Yeah, no I wouldn't. You'll be up here seeing her one liners. Yes you would. Yeah, I would not I be in here acting like I watch the show with y'all. Yeah. Undercover Watch right now. Gimme Inco Energy. Alright, when we come back we got front page news and then Taraji p Henson will be joining us also on Friday. Charlemagne does, he opens up the phone lines and allows everybody to give anybody you want Donkey of the Day. So if you wanna give somebody donkey today, you can get on them phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. You got the glow in. All right, let's get to that glow. Rilla. We play top of the hour, then we got gorilla's.


New joiners called Tyr. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's EJ NV, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news now. Last night the Pacers beat the Thunder. 1 11, 1 10. Now the thunder was up pretty much the whole game. They were up 14 at one point, up six I think with two minutes left. And the Pacers came back and one last night, 1 11, 1 10. Burton had the last shot, which got him over that Hump. The paces really just don't quit Emini here. They, they're one of those teams that just refuse to die. It's like herpes like they do. They'll, they never go away and they just keep flaring up, flaring up, flaring up and they play great team ball. Like you know, Halle Burton only had 14 points last night, but they had like seven figures in double digits.


So Seven. Yeah, seven players, like six To seven players had like double figures. Yep. Like and, and one of, if not, if not six to seven, one of 'em had close to double digits. But they're a very, very deep team. Yeah. And also Aaron Rogers, he signed with the Steelers. He did a one year deal with the Steelers. What's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey let's get back into this presidential news. So Trump says he feels like trade talks with China are in very good shape, speaking from the Oval Office as he welcomed German chancellor Friedrich Mertz, Trump confirmed he spoke with Chinese president Xi Jingping yesterday morning. Let's take a listen to Trump's comments regarding that conversation in A very good talk. And we've straightened out any complexity this it's very complex stuff and we straighten it out.


We're gonna have Scott and Howard and Jamison will be going and meeting with their top people and continued forward. But no, I think we have everything. I think we're in very good shape with China and the trade deal. So Trump described trade talks between the two countries as having a lot of complexities. And the President also said Teams from China and the US will meet soon. Referencing Treasury Secretary Scott Benson and Secretary of Commerce, Howard Lutnick, he added that she, president Xi Chinese President Xi invited him and the first lady to come to China. And he also extended the same invite to President Xi to come here. Meanwhile, president Trump is banning travelers from dozens of countries citing security risk.


The proclamation signed on Wednesday evening fully restricts and limits the entry of nationals from 12 countries. That at list includes Afghanistan, Iran, Haiti, Somalia, Sudan, and others. Now people from seven countries will have partial restrictions including Cuba and Venezuela. The president said there's different levels of restrictions. Let's take a listen to his comments. The List is subject to revision based on whether material improvements are made. And likewise new countries can be added as threats emerge around The World. The strength of the restrictions we're applying depends on the severity of the threat posts. So as previously reported, Trump was back and forth on the decision with Sunday's anti-Semitic attack in Boulder, Colorado, putting things into quicker motion.


Now that suspect was in the coun in the US illegally from Egypt. But Egypt is not one of the countries included on the travel ban elsewhere. Immigration advocates are speaking out after President Trump signed an order banning travelers from those dozen countries. Florida Immigration Coalition, Thomas Kennedy calls this un-American restrictive and racist. Let's take a listen to his comments. I think this is highly disruptive to the family life of thousands and thousands and thousands of people who live in our community, particularly here in South Florida, but really across the country. I would suspect that this would get ultimately enjoined by a court because of its broad scope, because it's likely to be found discriminatory.


Florida immigration coalitions, Thomas Kennedy. He says many people are liter literal life liveliness to their family and their home country. So you know, the move is expected, as he said, to face dozens of legal challenges. And the Congressional Hispanic caucus is calling for ice detention oversight after migrants at a Miami Detention Center. Sent out an SOS message yesterday. Now CHC chair, representative Adriano, esp, ESP ESP of New York says they are going to hold the for-profit prison detention centers accountable. And representative Sylvia Garcia of Houston, Texas says she's deeply concerned about the conditions at detention centers like Chrome.


Let's take a listen to their comments. So this is a crisis where we must determine whether these centers are motivated by the profit margins that they make and whether the due process is being dramatically and vulgarly violated And making sure that we use the powers of oversight to protect the rights of all. This is not happening at the moment. What is happening in my view is just sinister, cruel and inhumane. So CHC members, that's the Congressional Hispanic caucus members say they refuse to allow the Trump administration to tear families apart by locking up parents married to American Citizens Chrome, which is one of those detention centers, ICE detention centers operated by a private contractor, has faced long scrutiny of over overcrowding and poor conditions.


So it's amazing how a lot of these stories are starting to be relative, whether it's, you know, the, the Howard, excuse me, not Howard, but the Harvard Immigration students and the ban on them and, and then the judge blocking that ban and how that affects immigration and how immigration then turns around and impacts what's happening with ICE and the travel ban. It's a, it's just a lot. So I would Just say, you know, happy Friday and enjoy your weekend if you can. I know you give Donkey of the Day or you allow people to give Donkey of the Day. If I had an opportunity to do that, I would just go ahead and give it to the whole government Donkey Heehaw. Okay. But that's Your front but that's your Front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. 'cause yeah, they supposed to be working for the people and what is going on, But Morgan put her bid in. So you know, we do that every Friday. Every Friday is the people's donkey. So +1 800-585-1051 you can call up and give somebody the credit they deserve for being stupid today. That's right. Lot of asshole there. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Now when we come back, Taraji Raji p Henson will be joining us. And don't forget, like Charlamagne said, if you wanna give somebody Donkey of the Day, you can. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Taraji P Henson is next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. The icon, the legend. Taraji P Henson. Welcome back. Thank you. I can't tell that I'm a legend 'cause I'm not on this wall. No, can you get the wall? We got something special for you. It just wasn't done yet. I'm telling you Special. I need to be on the wall. Yeah, It's gonna be bigger than the wall and it's gonna be something that's in the studio. 'cause you know we love you Angie. Love you. Watch you'll see. Watch. Mm. Just watch. Mm. It's gonna be worth it since You know I've been I've been told them put you up there. You know what I'm saying? Then what he said to me as soon as I walk here, the legend, you sound like a Hollywood exec right now.


Legend. But y'all know we, we looking for somebody else. Right. Nobody says that to you no more though. What? That they looking for somebody else. It's just the whole Hollywood of it all. We love her. We love her. Well where is my check? One thing I noticed about you and OGs like Mary j Blige. Y'all over it. Y'all over It. I can be. I just, I you know, the thing is, the older you get, I just can't do the beat. Like, just be real with me. That's all. I'm a grown woman. I can take it. Just be real. Don't be blowing smoke. But how are you feeling? We didn't even ask. How you feeling? You're legend feeling. How are you feeling? We didn't ask. You asked. I'm feeling great. You feeling great?


I am feeling amazing to be quite honest because I'm not dealing with nobody's unhealed son or daughter. There you go. Yes. I right. I I can't you not on your healing journey. I can't help you baby. 'cause I can't take on your trauma while I'm trying to get over mine. Yeah. And you not trying to heal yours. I can't help you. Mm Yeah. I'm not qualified. Mm. So now you loving on yourself. Oh my God. The peace that I found. Like, you know, even somebody asking me to come out, the first question I ask is, is it gonna disturb my piece? That's right. That's right. Because you know, when you are young you just, you can have FOMO a little bit. It's like, I gotta go and then you find yourself going, why that not, why did I just stay home?


You know, no more of those moments. 'cause I'd rather be home with my fat Frenchies. You know What I always wanted to ask you, has being an advocate for mental health ever made you feel more exposed than being just a public figure in Hollywood Ma More exposed? Yeah, because you, you tell, you tell more of yourself being a mental health, health advocate. 'cause you probably, if you was just Taraji in Hollywood, who wasn't that you wouldn't have to probably give up so much. That's True. But I kind of always been that I wear my heart on my sleeve. So I just, I don't know if I feel any different. I'm still looking at this wall, but go ahead. I got something Better. We got Something better. I'm telling you. But I wanna ask, where did you get to the point where you don't have to come out for the bs? Right. It's, it's weird. We just had this conversation the other day where it was like, I got to a place a couple of years ago where I Just say no before it was like, I felt like I had to do it.


I had to show up. I had to go and sometimes things up your piece. But now it's to the point where if I feel like the energy's gonna be off or I just don't, nah, I'm not going, no. Is my favorite word. Right. I love saying that word. No. And that's it. I don't owe you explanation. Like when I was with our Forever First Lady, Michelle Obama doing her show, she was like, no, it's a complete sentence. And it absolutely is. Yeah. When did you, when did you get there? When, when did it click? Which Bley trip was it? I had the first one. The first one when I went alone. The first one because that, that refocused me, recentered me. I was, I didn't, I felt outside of myself before I went to Bali.


That was a well needed trip. 'cause I was literally losing myself. I didn't even know who I was. The joy. I'm a, I'm the one that brings the life to the party. Yes. You know? And I become, I was like tight all the time and not happy and complaining a lot. That's just not me. Yeah. Even my team noticed, they were like, is everything okay? You don't, you seem a little, you know, and that's just not in my DNA. So I had to unplug and just go away and be with myself and in, in the middle of a rice field. What made you want to share that with The World? Because I started cnn Because I feel like people Need to hear that.


I think sometimes when they see public figures, they think we have it all together because we've, you know, we've found some money or whatever. You know, people think that money heals and money will bring you more problems than you had when you were broke. I often find myself saying, damn, I missed when I was broke and dreaming yo, because everything seemed possible. You know? But then when you, you make it and you, you get behind the Wizard of Oz curtain and it's like, oh, this ain't what it seems. You here for straw? Yes, Girl. Very moving film. Thank you. You saw It? Yes. Listen, what did you channel, because you, you are healing you in your healing journey.


But to put yourself in a role like that, you had to go back. That was a trying day. So the movie was like, it took place one day to deal with all that in a day and to have to embody that much trauma. Because I don't wanna give away the ending because, you know Right. The ending is gonna, What, what did you pull from, did you have to go put yourself back where you were, where you were going through everything? Shoot Some Hollywood executives h No, no, no. I, I am a single mother. Yeah. You know, I moved to Hollywood with my son, who was a toddler at the time of $700 in my pocket. In just a pocket full of dreams. And Jesus, you know, humans, we all have, can have a moment where we can snap.


You know, I think what made me different from Janiah is that I've always had a support system. So I have a sister circle where I, they'll talk me off the ledge, you know what Emini here, but have I ever got to the point where I wanted to snap? Yes. That's why I went to Bali. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So, but she didn't have the resources. She didn't have the support. Right. So all she had was the voices in her head. Yeah. And she literally reached a, her point was she just couldn't take it anymore. And things just got out of control. And she, god bless her heart, she was just trying to do the best she could with what she had, you know, And I in particular, I am drawn to characters who are voiceless and need a voice because I am such a big personality.


I like to breathe light into those characters. 'cause I feel like those characters are real. Yeah. You know, Tyler Perry didn't just pull this out of the sky. These women exist, these people exist and they need to see themselves and they need to know that they're not alone and that people do see them. Does it make you mad when people tell Tyler Perry to stop showing those women on camera? I think that's their own traumas trigger because in the community, black community, we don't deal with it. Yeah. You know what? Emini here. So if you are forced to look at it, often you will be triggered. So the first thing you're gonna wanna say is, I don't wanna see it. But there are people out there that need to see it. He's forcing real conversations in the community. That's why I'll never stop working with him.


So for a person that does the work on themselves, the way you do, when you gotta go on a intense emotional journey for a four day shoot, what is your approach to that? Like how do you prepare for like those inevitable triggers? I have trained, well I think out of necessity, I've trained my instrument. My body is my instrument. Just like, you know, a musician has a guitar, they know how to hit the notes. I haven't on and off switch. And I think that's because I was a mother very young. And when I would work and come home, I didn't have time to process and deal with the character that I portray. 'cause now it's homework. He gotta eat. I got a size fair project. You know what Emini here. Okay. So I had to turn it off. So I'm just try, I literally, you ask anybody that I've worked with, I could be in the middle of a scene bawling my eyes out and they'll yell, cut.


And I'll be like, what a fried chicken. You know? Or I'll I, or I have these games that I play on my iPad to because I have to separate myself from the character. I cannot stay again. That is, that character's trauma. I can't take that on. Right. I just can't because I have my own to deal with. So literally when they yell, cut I'm back to Taraji. Just like that. We're still kicking it with Taraji P Henson, Lola Rose is here with us as well. Jess, Somebody in the movie said it's more expensive to be poor. Oh my God. Can you elaborate on that? Okay. So prime example, Tyler said when he was homeless he called his mother and was like, can you send me $20?


He said, you need to bring your black as home because it's gonna cost me $15 just to send you $20. Damn. And I don't think people really understand that. Yeah. I wanted to know, without giving too much away, what's the message in straw that you hope sticks with people after the credit roll? So there was women unity. There was so much about it. What, what's that one message that you want people to get and understand That we should move with Grace at all times. 'cause you never know what somebody's going through. Never judge a book by its cover. Mm. 'cause you never know what battles a person is are fighting. You just don't. And really see people really don't just throw how you doing and you know. Yeah. Really wait for a response and really ask the question to want to know, connect with people, say hi, how are you?


And really mean it because that could save a human's life. Just that human interaction. Especially for people who feel unseen. Right. I wonder when Tyler even was casting you for that role, did he even know what you had went through? Because if I write a role about somebody getting to their breaking point, knowing somebody already had got one, it feels kind of, Tyler And I are friends. Okay. Averse. And so we talk all the time about personal things. And so he knows a lot about me. But he said when he started writing he just had to, he was going through his own thing and he had to get it out and on the page. And then he said as he was writing, he saw me and he'll bring me a lot of projects and I'll be like, you know what Tyler, I don't think this is for me.


I think this is somebody else's blessing. You know? And then he'll just keep writing. And when he got straw he said he, he hit me. He said, I got one for you. And he sent it to me And I read it. I said, this is it. This is the one. So that's kind of how we operate. How do you not fight somebody over Tyler? How do I not, How do you not fight because they attack Tyler. Tyler got security. No, Emini here. Not like that. Think personally. But online because he does so much for people and he's so good to, especially our community. And I think a lot of times people don't see that. And even people that he doesn't know, he helps so much. He talks to, he guides, he mentors. And you guys are so close. How do you not Just say, you know what I don sometimes I got Blackout on somebody.


Don't think because his action speaks louder than the haters because he, this man owns a studio. What you got? Mm. Every raise that I've gotten whenever I'm treated the best in this industry is always by him. Every raise that I've gotten has come from a black man, Tyler Perry. Yeah. He doubled my quote in straw Four days of work. Which is so important for when you go on to that next, he understands that yes, that man has helped. He does so much for so many that we don't even know 'cause he's not even talking about it. Yeah. You filmed two movies at the same time. Fight Night and Straw. Right. Did you find the two characters bleeding into Each other?


Or is it not at all? Yeah, totally different. He was the first director to challenge me in that way because I was in the throes of empire when he called with acrimony. And I was like, Tyler, I don't know. I explained Thespian. I don't know if I can get into this character. He was like, girl with your instrument you can do it. He was like, you gonna come down here, we gonna shoot it in five. I was like five days. He said, you can do it. If anybody can do it Taraji, you can do it. And he challenged me. He knows I love a good challenge. Yeah. That's, I lean into roles that scare the out of me because I have to grow in some way or change or be transcended or something. And that's what I want from my audience. And if I'm not doing it as the artist, then how is the audience gonna transform?


So I lean into challenges and he knows that about me 'cause he's a Virgo as well. And so now I'm a pro at it because of Tyler. Yeah. So when he called this time, I didn't even think about it. I was like, great. Four days in and out. Okay, let's go. Yeah. You think the industry is finally catching up to your range? Are you still underestimated in in certain rooms Just As an actress? No, I think they get it. I think I'm at the, a really particular point in my, a special place in my career will, I've done so much that I can't just do anything anymore. Because y'all will be like, why she do that? You know what Emini here. And so you know, it's just looking for that right material and they, it doesn't come like that so that my fans are frustrated 'cause I'll post a pretty picture and they like, that's cute.


When's your next movie coming out? Right. Right, right. It's like I have to be very particular about what I'm choosing now. And some of this stuff doesn't exist And I have to create it. And so that takes a little longer. What age were you when you did Empire? I, that was 10 years. It was, I was 45. It was 2015. The reason why I asked you that is because I saw your interview where you talked about you were overseas and how people received you overseas and you, you realize then how big us overseas were. Yeah. Like that whole thing. And I'm wondering right now, your career, you just said you can't do anything and the, you get into these different levels. So early in your career, even though you've been our Taraji forever, what are new experiences that you're having just in your celebrity life at where you are right now in your career that we might've thought that you've already experienced before?


I don't know. I guess for me it's always, 'cause I, people always go, do you not know who you are? Like I went to this gr I still like to go to the grocery store, buy my own damn produce. Yeah. Like by empire you were iconic to us already. I, I, okay, thank you. But you know, after so many years of being told by the industry, oh no one knows you overseas. And then I get overseas and they're like, did please, please pick your pizza. That still throws me. Like I just came back from Cannes and it's the age range for me. It's like the grandma all the way down sometimes to the great-grandchildren. And I'm leaving kind of, And I forget, you know, I'm overseas. I'm like, don't nobody know me.


And I'm all of a sudden I get crowded by this, a group of people. And then over in the corner I see these young boys and it's like a soccer team or something. And they're standing there with their camera And I just, Hey Ms. Hanson, I don't even think they spoke fluent English, but they knew exactly who I was because one of 'em said that's, And I was like, babies come on. And they all gathered, man, I'm telling, I'm like maybe 10. But that always throws me when the babies know who I am. You know, I'm just like, dang, I'm still relevant. Well round Of applause for Taraji being 54 years old. Why would you ever want a young girl when black women age?


Like, And I hope you didn't mind me asking your age. I hope you didn't mind me asking. That reason I ask that is because I tell people my age. Okay. Because I hate that women, we feel ashamed of age and when men, men can have beer Bellies you balding. Sorry not Up. I gave up a long time. Put your head down. We can kind of see where the hairline used. Sit. I, I got a haircut yesterday. But you understand what Emini here in Naked and the Naked have a young thing on their arm and we let that pass and we have to be ashamed of our age. No, I'm not doing it. We're Still kicking it with Taraji P Henson, Lauren The Roast is here with us as well. You feel appreciated more? I do, I do.


I don't look, you know, it is, it's like, it's interesting because you go, I didn't get nominated for this award again. That's, did you see the powerful talk that Denzel did about how he got bitter? Yep. Emini here. That was me. That was me. And it particularly happened after Hidden Figures. I was like, what, what? What do I have to do? Like, you know, y'all didn't see the range there. Yeah, I'm still playing Cookie. And then I gave you a rocket scientist. Like what? And that hurt a little bit. But again it hurt because of the power I placed in man's hand. But if you step back from that and take that power back, look how many black girls are coding now.


Not even black girls, young kids kids, period. Yeah. Like, so that's what I always wanted and that's what I asked God, I said I want longevity And I want the work that's going to affect lives in a positive way. I want the work that people are gonna study long after I'm gone. Right. Like I did the greats that came before me. You know, and when you ask that, that's, that's specific. It may not be the awards. You know, I figure if I keep working, that will come. But what's rewarding to me are when fans come up to me and go, babe, whatev that last it touched me, it made me change the way I, you know, think about things.


Yeah. Like that's rewarding to Me. Well you know, it's funny because that's what we were talking about yesterday. She, we was on the phone yesterday and she was just saying how much of a fan of you she is Emini here. Jess. Jess White. Right? Absolutely. But I'm just like, there's nothing wrong with expressing that. Share that with her because you just existing provides that inspiration. Absolutely. And then she shamed me. 'cause I was just like, I was like, you damn right. We saw Taraji, I saw Taraji in the theaters for Baby Boy and she was like, you saw baby boy in theaters.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Get this, adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With success with Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


I think everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled the golden years of hip Hop. It's black Music Month and we need to talk is tapping in. I'm Nyla Simone. Breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices, and digging into the culture that shaped the soundtrack of our lives. My favorite Line on there was my son and my daughter gonna be proud when they hear my old tapes. Yep. Now I'm curious, do they like rap along now? Yeah, because I bring him on tour with me and he's getting older now too. So his friends are starting to understand what that type of music is and they're starting to be like, yo, your dad's like really the goat? Like he's a legend. So he gets it. What does it mean to leave behind a music legacy for your family? It means a lot to me. Just having a good catalog and just being able to make people feel good. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out is that my music changes people's lives for the better. So the fact that my kids get to benefit off of that, I'm really happy or my family in general. Let's Talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to, we need to talk from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Vans. Benny the butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz, Kara Moosh, What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to him. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


She made you feel old and depress. I've never thought about baby boy in a movie theater. Yeah, I thought about it on bt Right is crazy. Which is crazy. 30. She is older than my son. I don't know just how you feel, but I feel like wanting to be in entertainment, be in television. Like it's, you think of you because you're able to be Yeah. It always seemed like you've been able to be yourself. So when we, well like I know for myself when I heard you talk about that before that first Boley trip not feeling like enough, I'm like, wait, what? Like she's been the, this is how you can be the girl from where you from around the way, whatever you wanna call it. But like, you're in Hollywood and you're grateful and you're beau and you're career impacts. So I I'm glad you're out of that because I was like, what?


This is the Taraji GP Henson, like it was actual burnout because of the work. I, you know, people go, you work a lot. I too, 'cause the, the math ain't math and the zeros ain't adding up, you know, and so because you see somebody working a lot, a lot of times when it's us it's because that one job is not gonna cover you for the year. Yeah. I wish I could just do two films and be like, Emini here. I'm kind of to that point now, you know what Emini here, but there are actors out there that just one job a year because that's how they get paid. And I don't think people really understand the breakdown of the math. You know, 50 cents, if somebody got goes, they made $10 million. Right. You gotta remember Uncle Sam is coming to take half of that.


That's right off the top. Right. And then you have to pay your 30 or 40% whatever you're paying your team off your gross. So you're not taking home $10 million. I know it sounds amazing, but you're not taking it home. Somebody gets paid 1 million for a film, they not seeing that 1 million in their bank account. Do the math. You know? So that's why. So I think a lot of it was burnout and frustration because once I lifted my head and was like, why do I have to work so much? You know, I just got burned out. I became bitter. You know, a lot of people thought you were kicking Tyler and Oprahs back in during the color purple. Oh my God. Why would they think that?


I guess 'cause they were the producers of the film and they thought that when you were complaining about the pay, You know they had bosses. Right. That's what I was Saying. Thank you. And when have you ever seen me drag another woman, particularly a black woman? Yeah. Ever. I'm 10 toes down for us. Never. And then the fact that blogs And I think it was just a campaign so that this black movie wouldn't do well. Right. Because to stay I I even saw some bits about it was my fault that the film didn't do well. Oh yeah, I saw that as well. What, how did, how did, how, how they tried to say that you, because of the conversation you raised about the money and things that weren't right.


It pivoted the focus to people aren't going to go see the film. They care more about what is Taraji saying? Is it true or not? That's, you know, that's total bs. Right? Yo, I know it is, but I'm just telling you what the conversation, what you're referring to or telling Jess with the conversation. And me and Oprah, I have such a love and a fondness for her. She just text me the other day, commending me on a job well done. And straw. So that was all fictions like, and to draw a wedge between us. But see, I'm not gonna let you do that. Right. Because I went to her defense right away. Y'all not gonna do that to this woman. That's right. All of this what she does Emini here. Like, stop it. Stop. That's dis Disrespectful. Even with Tyler, how you know, Tyler's the person that pays you the most. What? Yeah. I'm never gonna not work with Tyler. That just is, that's insane to me.


I enjoy working with him. I really, really do. We have fun on that set. I love that. He challenges me. I understand. I'm I'm never gonna turn my back on us. You know, people that go to the Tyler Perry films is a huge population of us. Right. Like, so for me to say I'm not gonna do a title about, that's me turning my back on us. I I would never. Speaking of black women in relationships, your character Andra Jeniah during her like worst moment black women in the movie still like Yeah. Get around her and hello around her. Even almost like forcibly, but like not really because they identify with her. Absolutely. What is, you know, not even the importance but like when people watch those moments throughout the movie, what do you want them to take from that?


That we are, we need each other and we're more powerful when we support each other. I'm a huge, you know how I am with the sister girls, you know, And I told this to the Spelman lady graduating class of 2025. The last thing I said to them was like, ladies, like we, we are more powerful in numbers. We need to support each other. Do not air your grievances with another sister in public. You got a problem with her. Pull it to the side that's between you and her to fix that is not for the public to weigh in with their shallow opinions. I said as black women, we take too many bullets from society. Why? Why would I be another obstacle for another sister to get over?


Mm. I'm just not gonna do it. My bad. You know, bad. You know, we, we, we here now we been, we had a moment earlier today. I needed to depend on her how we've had we guessing. Yeah. I'm glad that's beautiful and that's growth and more of that. But it breaks my heart when I see sisters go at it in public. Me too. It does something to me because we have enough to overcome. Why should it be another sister? Like we got the same struggle. Yeah. And this is my last question. Are you happy? I'm so happy I can't. It's what people go, you're glowing.


Yes. Because I am not dealing with nobody's unhealed child. I am at peace. The peace that I have been fighting for. I have it. And it has nothing to do with anybody. No other human. It's all in me. I love you. I love you. Do you even tell the unhealed people anything anymore Are No. No, because sometimes they ain't ready to hear it. I will say, I hope you heal. I do say that. I Hope you heal. I, you know, I just, 'cause sometimes they take that they're offended by what you mean Emini here it's like, alright babe, she hope I heal. Right. You know, so it's, it's for you to discover, sweetie. Well thank you. Thank you so much is out this Friday.


Netflix. Definitely check It out and wait till you see what we do for you in this building. You'll see. Is it a bust? What does that mean? Yes, it is A bust like a sculpture. Yes. It's is it? Yes. Don't put no bad wig on it. Like that it Since you Yes, there will be a bus. Oh, okay. Where in the center of this table or in the hall? In the Hall. Because people will see it whenever they walk by. Okay. So you have to go buy Angie's studio and come in like it. Please. Can it look like me? Don't like Yes. It's go. You'll see. Oh, You seen the way waves when the way wade statue that don't No, Please don't do that to me. One J bring that up.


That's Bring that up. Yeah. 'cause that. Okay, nevermind. And I meant thank you for your career. Thank you. Not ending the interview yet. I thank you for that. Thank you. Thank You for you. Yeah, that's right. That is your career. You the person that you are because your career has given you the platform to be out here being the mental health advocate that you are. And I think that that work is going out long outlive probably anything you do in The World. Oh, I hope so. Yeah. That to me feels like probably why God set me up to be a public figure to get to that. Absolutely. Yeah. So grateful. Thank you so much guys. This was beautiful. Taraji B Hensen, ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a street face. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody.


Well she gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Lord the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's The latest The on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. Well y'all yesterday in court with Diddy, they finished up the testimony from a woman named Brianna Bunga Buns. I don't know if that's how you say her last name. Probably not. But she's a stylist that was a friend of Cassie's that I told you guys about. She's the woman who alleged that Diddy hung her over a 17 story balcony and threatened her. Right now We love hanging people. Remember they said it was speculation that he hung Wale over a balcony too.


Yep. Yeah. Wale said that wasn't true though. He said that recently. Actually, I, I don't think he ever told us whether he was dangled or not. He said he was. Yeah, Recently he was on, he was on the L'Oreals show. What's he was on loreal. Oh, nice Morning. He was morning hustle. He said it wasn't true. Yep. Wow. Alright. My bad. Lauren, go Ahead. No, well Emini here because of that testimony and her cross-examination on the stand, which is where Didi's attorneys are asking her questions. Didi got in trouble yesterday in court. The judge threatened to kick him out of the courtroom for the remainder of the trial because the judge alleges that Diddy was nodding to the jurors and just making motion to the jurors with his head while her cross examination was happening. Now here's what He said. That he was nodding vigorously. Yes. I don't even know how you do that.


He has this thing that he does. I've seen him do it where he's like, it's kind of like a, like he's turned around to his family when I've been in court and did like a You Can't look at jurors. I didn't Know that. So you can look at jurors, but I'm, I'm gonna read the judge's exact words. Judge was like, I wanna make sure you're not flirting. Okay? You in here making eye contact with people bricked up. Somebody Must, somebody must have complained beforehand and said they feel like it was intimidation. I get I bet you that's what it was. Well, So here, here's the transcript. So the judge at the judge put the jurors on the break so they're not in the courtroom. And then the judge asked for a minute with Diddy's attorney Mark Aglio. Right? So he says, the judge says, I was very clear this morning that there were, were not to be any facial expressions or other attempts to have any interaction with the jury whatsoever, any influence on the jury whatsoever.


And I could not have been more clear in terms of what I said. You heard me, right? And his attorney says, I did. So then the judge says, well, there was a line of questioning where your client was nodding vigorously and looking at the jury. And there was a subsequent moment we had a sidebar. And I looked And I saw your client looking at the jury and nodding vigorously during that line of questioning. This is absolutely unacceptable. Is it going to happen again Mr. Aglio? And then he says it's not gonna happen again. And then the judge says, if it does happen again, he won't be allowed in this courtroom for the remainder of the trial. Why did they Make jurors public? Like why did they even let anybody see the jury? I feel like jurors should have some type of an like anonymity. I'm Not, I, I don't know.


I will say too, during the jury selection, it was one day we were all in line getting our cell phones together. And I'm like, if any of these people was picked, I'm just right here. Like we just all we're media. We're right here with them. But not only that, think about this. Some of the actual people that are testifying don't have to put their stuff out there. Right? You don't know who they are. They're anonymous. But the jurors, you know who the jurors are through the whole trial. That's crazy Scary Emini here. We don't know their like names and like all that stuff. But you see So hard to find. But if you're a person of the media, there's a tr there's a certain trust between the attorneys in the court. Anybody Being in that courtroom, we, The public being there Just saying that people like regular people just be in. They do, but the judge doesn't. They, they have these whole things that they go through before they start. Like, here's what we the court expect of you while you're here and this is what we asked you to uphold.


They say the same thing to the jury as well. So there's just like a, I ain't gonna front, did they try to do look like a bus station? Oh my dude. That dude look like the mar bus station or the station bus station. Like baby tell anybody can see anybody tell Somebody got kicked out the other day. I heard, Yes. That's my girl though. I don't know her name. But when they, when when my old girl tried to run down on me, she, she called me in the elevator after that and was like, 'cause I was ready to, she be going off. She, she's actually a sweetheart. But I don't know what that outburst was about. Even the Jane Doe thing, right? Yes. What's the point of letting somebody be a Jane Doe if everybody in the courtroom sees who it is, knows who goes online and tells everybody who's Lying? I have no idea because that happened yesterday with Jane Doe who testified she was, you know, one of Diddy's most recent ex-girlfriends and she barely even got through a lot of her testimony.


But she talked about some things and by the time she started Testi going through her testimony, I'm watching live tweets And I start seeing photos and I'm like, you're not supposed to do that. So what did she say? Did she say anything? She just talked about the fact that they were really in love. She was madly in love with him and with Diddy. And she said that they had nicknames for each other. Bur and Ernie, she was Burton Envy nickname. Why can't take me an envy nickname. Y'all got nicknames Burton Ernie? Yeah. Did you Know that? No. That used to be as bur Nie. I ain't know that but but in the Diddy situation, who was Burton? Who was Ernie? She was bur and Diddy was Ernie. That's Why 50 posted that yesterday. He posted a picture of Burton Ernie Yesterday. I don't know what you're talking about. They Did rubber ducky with Diddy is nasty.


Y'all Emini here. That is just crazy Rubber ducky your one. They're talking baby oil. So much fun. I'm Sorry y'all done this before. Huh? Look at you all tickled and pink over there. Charlemagne envy rum. Why you this bitching ju out now you act like, you know hot solo. Stop. What? Diddy back to Diddy. Sonos Go too far. All right, so Jane Doe on the stand and her testimony is actually gonna speak to, or it is supposed to be speaking to sex trafficking, force, coercion, all those things. But they, you know, they have to prove that all this was done under threat so far. Everything she said is that she was super in love with Diddy at the time. She didn't know anything about freak offs, but one day they were in the, they were together and he, they were talking about fantasies and he talked about bringing another person in and she was like, okay, cool, I'll try that.


She said she got up, went to the bathroom. She allegedly, by the time she came out the bathroom, Diddy was on a, on a phone call making it happen. So she's like, okay, well here we go. It's happening sooner than I thought. Can Wait, can wait. He already had the people on standby? Yes. Craigslist Period. Yeah. And then they, they talked about, you know, like her career and stuff because at one point she says that she was, you know, thinking about making the OnlyFans and he encouraged her not to allegedly. And there have been some talk because she's an influencer. Wow. That's funny. That's Hilarious. Okay, I wanna talk to you about my career. I'm thinking about starting the OnlyFans girl. If you don't go get the track her to trade. Well she's An Online goddamn trade.


Well there was one, there was one point that a lot of people were bringing up of like, you know, when they first went on, like their first away trip or whatever. You know how guys be like, well how much you making at work? Don't go to work for these couple days. I whatever. Right? Right. So she alleged that she didn't go on this didn't go to work and she, their first date lasted like five days and Diddy allegedly gave her like $10,000 to make up for what she had missed at work. People start breaking it down like, yo, that's like seven to $800 a day. Like a Five day date. It's 2000 A day that that's what five day date. Okay. Removing Diddy out the situation Five days with you for $10,000. That's A Coke binge by the way guys. Okay. I know a coke binge when I hear one I would, Okay, okay. I wouldn't, I wouldn't do Coke but I would do five days. Like you just taking me away and we just having a good time.


Yeah. No Coke. No Diddy, You the person that's been to these trials every damn day and you know what comes with that, but you still want to go do it. It Depends on the man that you gone with. I'm, I'm sure. Okay. Ja, you ain't never met somebody and just like gone with the win. Oh yeah, most definitely Chris. Absolutely. Your husband? Yes. Why Ja Charlemagne don't look at me. Who wasn't supposed to look at combo back into my day? You talking about my Hu girl? No, wait. You said your freak off days. Yeah, not these kinds. First of all, freak please. Ain't no such thing as, there's no levels to freak off if you're gonna use that term. No, no, no.


Diddy gave freak off a whole new meaning. Y'all. I I've never heard it though, Diddy. No, I've been here about freak off. Really? I Baltimore freak offs all the time. Oh, Baltimore freak offs. They Probably not like that. See now y'all been so y'all ears are conditioned right now. They Probably got a good seafood menu with those type. A lot of fish. A lot of fish. But she also talked about too that, you know, being with Diddy, she was happy, she wanted to make him happy. So she did a lot of things and she alleges that she had a $20,000 a month allowance while she was his girl. So they're gonna get that. That was the beginning of her testimony. She was the Internet right. About who that person was yesterday. I cannot confirm nor deny that. Oh, I just think it's silly if, you know, you let somebody be a Jane Doe but everybody in the courtroom can see that person.


No, that's who they're, and then they run to social media. Like I don't, it's just, it's it's weird to me. What's the point of being Jane Doe? Yeah. Put 'em behind a wall or something so nobody can at least see them or something. But then the jury wants to see Emini here. I guess the jury would be different. They could see it then because you wanna see facial expressions. Expressions, yeah. You wanna see body language, you wanna know Attorneys wanna see that too because you know the line of questioning and you can tell where people are going or not going and all. It's so much different art to this stuff, but yeah. Mm. Alright. Oh yeah. Wait, I wanna say we're headed to LA for the BET awards guys. We'll be bringing you content from la We're doing the radio room Saturday. Okay. And Sunday with The Breakfast Club in the latest with Lauren la and yeah. So we gonna be talking a lot to some people. Yes. That's what's Up. Good job. Yes. Lauren will be out there.


Thank You Reverend Rep. He said good job. Did you hear that? Yeah. Oh. Could you stop? I cut it out Jess. What? Jess? You was supposed to be on your way out there with me, but I know your mom's getting married this weekend, right? I know. Yeah, she's getting married so I'm Jess Going out out there. That's Only people like that. Jess was not going out there sitting in nobody's radio room. I know. No, I hate that. But that is definitely for Lauren. Like Lauren right Up her alley. That's Right. All Right. Yes. The words will be Monday night at 8:00 PM Eastern Standard time on BET. Alright. Be safe out There. Loud. Are you styling and profiling? I know you gonna be out there when you know you let the down We them out there things. Yeah, we got some outfits so we got some things. I'm excited. I can't wait. And I told you you're not ashy so don't go there acting like you ashy.


I appreciate it's been so much love this week Jess. I appreciate that. You know I had a hard day and she texted me and said, you not Ashley. I was like, I know that's right. If somebody gotta text me and tell you that you not Ashley, that mean that you are usually Ashley. No, that's Language. That's cold language first. Don't let dark Charlamagne Stretch you out. Somebody gotta tell you not ashy that mean that usually on the regular most of the time. No, you tell her she's ashy every day And I amm like I have to remind her that she is not. Oh Man, this Is a tough place. All right, well that is the latest for Lauren Donkey. Today's up next Charlamagne. Open up Peoples On. That's right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you wanna give somebody donkey today, call us up right now. We got you's. The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. It's Your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember now that's it's how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Yes donkey. Today for Friday, June 6th is the People's Donkey. On Fridays we like to open up the phone lines and allow you, the listeners to give people the credit they deserve for being stupid. So, hello, good morning. This is Princess calling from bk. I'm putting Quan Barkley as Donkey of the Century. He's the Uncle Tom kissing up to that white racist double Donald Trump by playing golf with him and flying on the Air Force.


One with the other team members. Reed for meeting with that white racist double that's in the office. Jesus. Well, okay, that's what Donkey of the Day is for, but I'm obligated to pass this phone call over to Cash Patel with your name and phone number. Okay? Good Luck. Okay. All right, have a great day. You too. Wow, some venom. Good morning. Who's this? Who's The dare deadbeat? I'm back. This is, who's the deadbeat Rod man from? Who's the deadbeat? I was on here last Friday, man. Oh, how are you sir? Who you wanna give? Who you wanna give to donkey today? To this morning? I wanted to give donkey today since it stopped for sweeping parental alienation under the rug. For who? Now your phone was breaking up a little bit.


Oh, your phone's breaking up. What'd you say? Parental alienation. What is that? That's when one parent uses they kids, the parent to make them dislike them. Okay, So I'm giving, I'm giving the duck day to society though. Sweeping it under the rug. I, yeah, I've never even heard of that. I've never even, I'm about to look it up right now. Parental alienation. Yes. You need to educate yourself, man. Wait, target fathers a lot. You know what I'm saying? And keep that. 'cause a lot of, I make them dislike him. Okay, I'm looking at psychology today. Right now. Parental alienation occurs when a child refuses to have a relationship with a parent due to manipulation such as the conveying of exaggerated, a false information by the other parent. I never heard of that.


Ever. Yes, it's a lot of parents And I hear ent silence, man. So if we can change that, mostly dead. Gotta be the people that's not affected by it. Gotta, you know, understand what it is. The World. Just phone straight. Well, thank you for calling. I, I got more questions And I wanna do people like, like what do you do? Like do you go to therapy for that? 'cause it's on psychology today. Like, you know, Emini here. That can be a, a tough thing when you want to see your child, but your, the other parent isn't letting you, isn't letting the child see you because of, you know, lies. Good morning. Who's this? William Clay. Hi, William Clay. Who do you wanna give donkey today to this morning, sir? To my wife. Jesus. You gotta say her name, don't be a sucker. Say her name.


I'm gonna say Yoti. Yoti? Yes. Okay. Why you giving it to her For being such a narcissist and leaving me and my kids to be homeless? Jesus Christ. I didn't expect that. You still calling a woman your wife. You still calling the woman your wife when she left you and your kids to be homeless. I'm still married to her legally. So lemme ask you a question And I love that woman. You're the man. The man is supposed to protect and the pro provide. How does the woman leave you and the kids homes? I don't know man. I've been crying. My whole Emini here. I been hurt for 13 years. I've been busting myself trying to take care of her and my five kids and it's just, I don't have no help. Know what Emini here, I'm just bossing it own And I caught to cheating and took a bag and just trying to do the best for my family and it's just not working.


And she left The kids too. Left the kids too. Man. I'm sorry to hear that my brother. I I I can't even sit here and act like I know. I even know what to tell you right now. I understand that. Alright, so we gonna give Yodi the biggest hee-haw. I do want to hear the other side of the story. So if Yodi calls up here to give her side, you gotta let her talk. Yes sir. All right my brother. All right now. Alright, well people will be going through it. Good morning. Who's this? Hello? Good morning. Good morning. How are you beloved? Peace Beloved. Who? This, how are you? I'm blessed black and highly favored. It's Nick from une. What's up Nikki? Who you wanna get the biggest hee-haw to That government. What? Government And then whoever our government. The the what?


Government? The American government, the federal government or the, the state government that you live in. All Of them. Okay. The State. They don't come out and steal you, but they want you to vote for 'em. This orange man, he running mon around people. He wanna cut the PBA money. But how about whoever's coloring him? His hair, his face. They need to cut their money. That is interesting. So you think that the person who colors Donald Trump's hair, that's wasteful spending. You think government tax, you think taxpayer dollars are paying for that? Hell, okay. Could be. He's doing everything else. And they, they talking about all the cutting. And how come they not cutting that parade?


Cutting that what? The parade. His birthday parade. Oh, I thought they were cut. I thought they were cutting that. They were doing that. I didn't, I didn't hear them. That they were doing that. I heard no confirmation they were doing that. I ain't hear no confirmation that they Well they are. Oh no, they are doing the Army's birthday bash you right. What's for the army? I don't freaking know what's going on. Thank you for calling. It's so much going on that I didn't even know that they were actually doing the military parade. Good morning. Who's this, this Dominique man. Who up with Dominique? What's happening? Where you calling from? I'm calling from Columbus, Ohio. All right man. Who you wanna get a biggest chaw to? Man, I want to get a Donkey of the Day to this dude. I'm, I'm gonna just call him a one of my managers. I'm looking right at him right now. I'm at a back, but he's sitting up there hating on me, man.


Messing up my money and whatnot. So I asked him when I messed up, he couldn't even show me. They just tried to brush everything under the rug and everything. So. Aw, you ought the dump here today, Bro. What are you hating on you for? Let me talk to a man. Give him the phone. Well that man management mode right now. I ain't going to bother him. Nah, you're scared. You know you gonna lose your job. But go file a formal complaint Sir, don't call donkey today. No, we, we gonna do both, Okay? Okay. Okay. Thank you for calling sir. Alright, listen, we do that every Friday, man. It's the people's donkey. You can just call up, give somebody the credit they deserve for being stupid every Friday. We do that here on The Breakfast Club.


Alright, Thank you for that donkey today for everybody that called Now. No, no, now, now, now, now, now this is what we going to do. Okay? We have to take envy The Breakfast Club Court switch to music, right? We gotta take envy to breakfast. Damn. I don't know. Envy did something so out of pocket, Jess. Now I've heard people say congratulations to folks when they aren't even pregnant. They just, fat are bloated 'cause it's their period or something. I don't, I don't do that no more. You've done it. I've heard people, you know, do your mama jokes. The people whose mamas are dead, we didn't know. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You just let one fly and they let my mama dead. I'm sorry, my bad. Elementary. Okay, those are all want to getaway moments, but I heard a new one this week when Envy said happy pride to someone who's not gay, but he just assumed they were.


'cause they might have a little zest to him. To him. They might have a little death. Listen to, listen, listen, listen. Hello, who's This? I'm DJ Envy. This is Stacey, the one who brung up the cupcakes for y'all. Hey, Happy pride. What? Wait, why you said that to me? I'm just saying Just say happy pride and your cupcakes are cupcake. The craziest. The craziest sayings like Swallow right now. Cupcake and Oh, Got it. And eat it from the back right now. Cupcake. Right? So wait, DJ Vy, I have one question. Yes. How did y'all like it? I didn't get any feedback from y'all. Okay, That's enough. That's enough. Salute to my guy. Stacey. What's up Stacey? Drop a clue. Bomb. Stacey, you remember Stacey, right?


Just he came up there. Yeah, he baked his cupcakes because Y'all ate my cupcakes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. There Stacey's just a cool dude. Regular dude. Never even thought about what he was into. And here go envy. Talking about happy Pride.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the BS premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


I think everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled the golden years of hip Hop. It's black Music Month and we need to talk is tapping in. I'm Nyla Simone. Breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices, and digging into the culture that shaped the soundtrack of our lives. My favorite Line on there was my son and my daughter gonna be proud when they hear my old tapes. Yep. Now I'm curious, do they like rap along now? Yeah, because I bring him on tour with me and he's getting older now too. So his friends are starting to understand what that type of music is and they're starting to be like, yo, your dad's like really the goat? Like he's a legend. So he gets it. What Does it mean to leave behind a music legacy for your family? It means a lot to me. Just having a good catalog and just being able to make people feel good. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out is that my music changes people's lives for the better. So the fact that my kids get to benefit off of that, I'm really happy or my family in general. Let's Talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to, we need to talk from The Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I was Calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. I have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on Helen Gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police really didn't care to even try. She would still, somebody's mother, she would still somebody's daughter. She would steal somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Helen Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to he and Gone murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


So my question is, has this ever happened to you? Has this ever happened to you, Jess? Have you ever mistaken someone for being gay because in your eyes they had a little zest to 'em. Yeah. Yeah. And And I get mistaken for gay. But you were at one point though. That's different. Yeah, but but I get mistaken more now than ever. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. Well maybe I'm not talking to you, but for everybody else. For everybody else because y'all, I see y'all doing this with Carl Anthony Towns. Now how you just going to tell a man happy pride for no reason And he had, and Stacey had the right answer. What you telling me that for My bad Stacey? Why did you even assume That Emini here, the names of the cupcake show.


Like he said, he really do got cupcakes. Swallow it up and eat it from the Back. That's just sexual. But you're right, you're right. I Was wrong. It was just sexual And his voice was just mad. Listen to his voice. Just listen to the first part of voice You mention Stacey. So the voice, the voice hand a little bit. No, see, you thought so Too. No, no. Stacey, I'm, I'm You met Stacey, bro. My bad. Stacy. But can, can you at least shout out his cupcakes so people can order some cupcakes? And the cupcakes are good For all. I don't know the name of the cupcake. No, you in Court bro. You In court? Yeah. Don't worry about you call us right now. +1 800-585-1051. Have you ever done what? Envy did. Have you ever mistook somebody for being gay? Just 'cause they 'cause in your eyes they had a little ies. 'cause you got a queer eye. You looking at everybody else gay. Huh? Call us right now. It's The Breakfast Club.


Damn. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes indeed. And we got envy in Breakfast Club Court this morning because he just did something out of pocket. Now we've all had our want to getaway moments, you know what I'm saying? Where you, a woman might be a little bloated on her period and you say congratulations to her as if she's pregnant. You, I know that one time it, it, it, it's happened. You know what, Emini here, we've all had that moment in school where you literally, your mama joke fly and that person be like, man, my mama dead. And you'd be like, damn, I, I remember one time too, You ain't know you, You didn't know. But this one, I ain't never heard this one.


Envy told a man happy pride. Damn. And the man wasn't even gay. Let's play the call. Hello? Who's this? I'm DJ Envy. This is Stacey, the one who brung up the cupcakes for Y'all. Hey, happy pride. What? Wait, why you said that to me? I'm just saying. No, Just say happy pride and your cupcakes have cupcakes. The craziest, the craziest things like, First of all, Stacey came up here a few weeks ago. Stacey, you know they baked cupcakes for us. Somebody find me the name of Stacey's Cupcake company. Oh, you texted it to me. Yes, please. Stacy came up here, man. Oh, what's the name of Stacey Cupcake Company? Yeah, he sent it to me just now. It's called, that's crazy. Oh, what's the name of his cupcake company? He came up here. All he did was bring us cupcakes.


Right? What up Stacey? And the Cupcakes got like sexual names to him, right? Yep. Stacey's famous cupcakes. Stacey's Famous. Stacy's famous cupcakes. Yeah. There is nothing I, I don, first of all, I don't even know what gay looks like. I guess I do sometimes, but shut it. But, but there is nothing about Stacey that gives off Zesty. Why would you tell this man happy Pride? His voice was just mad light and then he had the weird names. I was wrong. I could be wrong people 'cause of the name of his cupcake. People say you gay all the time. I don't care. Me Neither. But that don't have nothing to do with, with you saying happy pride to this man that you barely even know. I think that's disrespectful. I've been saying him do that to Cat call Anthony Towns too. What'd you say, Jeff? And then he tried to play it off. Like I I'm just saying Happy Pride.


Yeah. You know good and damn well you don't say Happy Pride and nobody that's not celebrating Pride Month. Oh my God. Why y'all, why That man got a wife, kids Sonos? Who going to hear this? You know what I'm saying Man? Ah, well let's, let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? This Is Nika. Hey, what's up Nika? Help me Out. Alright. I was confused a little a couple days ago when y'all hired Rich Smiley up there and he brought his son because I always thought he was gay. First of all, Ricky Smiley is not gay. Ricky Smiley's son. And that's not his son. So you just wrong all across The World. Chris is not his son. Oh. Why would you think that? Because He was talking about his kids, wasn't he? No, I'm saying why would you think Ricky was gay?


She Seemed like one of the old school gays when you, like you was raised in religious homes, so you not ever gonna come out for everybody know I hate people. Hate man salute to Ricky Smiley. Man, y'all, you know, y'all, y'all just being ridiculous. Good morning. Who's this? Hey. Hey, Ashley. Yes. Ashley, have you ever mistaken somebody for being gay because they had a little zest? Yes. Okay. Yeah. So there was this guy when I was in high school for freshman year, he used to hang out with all the girls and he never hung out with none of the boys. And he always on lip laws. So I went up to him And I was like, Hey, how come you don't say that you gay and stuff? Like, I never seen you took 20 boys. And he was like, I'm not.


But when we graduated high school, he ended up transitioning. So I wasn't wrong. I just chatted him out too early. Well, no, he transitioned to what? A girl, To female. So he was transgender. He wasn't Yeah, He wasn't gay. Yeah, no. In high school he was a boy born by his boy name. Yeah. Putting on and saying that he was not gay. And I saw that he was out in open, but He wasn't. But, but you can transition and still like women. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, he transitioned like men and changed his government. Oh, gotcha, gotcha. Different Name. Okay. And he's like, he's peaches, you know, he's not Marcos.


So maybe he wasn't gay in high school. Maybe he fi you know, he figured out what he liked later in life. I'm not doing this with y'all on this Friday. No, I'm y'all, man. The way that he used to pop his lips, you would've known he was in the closet if anything. But, all right. So, so look, you said he with a man now, right? Like he with a man, right? No, no, no, no. He, he, he's a, he's a female. Like the way No, I'm saying but he's, he's a female. But he's with a man though. Yes. Right. Yeah. So he wasn't gay 'cause he, he, he just wanted to be a woman. Like he wasn't attracted to to men as a let's Go, let's go to the next call. That math problem just messed me up.


I'm confused. I'm not doing that. Felt like that new math my kids be bringing home. I don't know what the hell what. Go ask your mama. Good morning. Good morning dj. Every just learned man. How y'all doing? How are you sir? Have you ever mistaken somebody for being gay? Just 'cause they was a little zesty? Yeah, I kind of do that all the time. Especially with my guy friends. Like, you know how sometimes some guys may talk for flamboyant but they're not really gay. They just talk that way. And then it's like you can't really ask because it's attempt. So it's kind of like busy or is he not? And if you ask, it can go, it can go either way. So I usually just keep it in my mind and try to find out another way. But it happens often based on how you carry your, how you talk, how you carry yourself. I Actually don't mind you keeping it to yourself. I, the problem I have is when people like Vy B, like happy pride, the people you don't know what these people's sexuality are.


Leave these people alone. And a man, a man is not about to be flamboyant if he not gay. Well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you just joining us have, Have you ever mistaken somebody for being gay because they're little ze. We come back, we gonna play some calls. We play some moments from Carl Anthony Townes. 'cause I'm tired of y'all wishing him happy Pride for no damn reason too N Now see it's the little, I need to see who this person is. It's the Now a little zesty is different from Flamboyant. He just said some of his friends talk flamboyantly but they not Gay. I gotta hear it. That's not true. Yeah, I gotta hear. I gotta hear it. I gotta hear what he mean. Now if you're just joining us, Charlamagne is giving me hell this morning.


No I'm not. I got you in Breakfast Club court because you know you called you, you had the nerve. Our guy Stacey, Stacey from Stacey's famous cupcakes, all Stacey did was bring us some dope cupcakes up here. Tasty cupcakes that had like sexual names to 'em. Like Swallow it up. Yeah. From the back. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I, which, which is fine. But for whatever reason you decided to tell this man happy pride. I'm sorry Stacey, I I my back, I back play F up. Play the call real quick. Red for those who just joined us. Just, Hello, who's this? I'm DJ Envy. This is Stacey the one who brung up the cupcakes for y'all. Hey, happy pride. What? Wait, why you said that To me? Why you said that to me?


Exactly Why you said that to me. And I'm gonna tell you why all staff have messed up. 'cause a lot of these people and, And I'm not saying this about Stacey, some people may just not want anybody to know 'cause it's nobody's business. And here you go outing them for no damn reason. Happy pride. You know what I'm saying? Now let's play some of Carl Anthony, Tom Town's moments because for some reason y'all wanna wish him happy. Pride all the damn time. Damn time too now Because outside looking in like we was like damn, it's total chaos in in it Minnesota right now. Like no for sure you ever seen that? Just like a train ran over. Yeah, no Grace. I was like, oh my God. I was like, why did I do that bro? They asked me in media about you. What the, what They really did better basketball conference than SCC or the big S-C-C-S-E-C football.


It's Crazy because after all that they took him off the court to put him even closer to the locker room. First of all That's Luther to Kat. I spoke to Kat. That man's name is Kat. I spoke to Kat a couple times and you could say he has light voice. He has a light voice but he's not gay. He, His nickname is Kat. That man's Ga Jordan Woods. There you go. Kat out here living his best life. Okay. And y'all probably walking up to him wishing him happy. Pride just 'cause of the damn internet. Don't do That to Kat. Go to the phones man. Yo. Hello. Who's this? This is Aaron. Hey Aaron. Good morning. Talk to us. So I work at a barbershop in Birmingham, Michigan. This guy kept saying my partner, my partner, my partner.


And I was like, I'm accidentally saying, oh so your husband. And he was like, no, my wife And I never been so embarrassed. But why would you just not say my wife And I just called him. I'm like, and he was, it was just a sale appointment after that. I was like, I'm so embarrassed. Well you can, you don't have to be, first of all a partner. Don't mean just a wife Yo. But I get what she's doing. I know it doesn't, But I just mentally, I'm in the area too where it's like very, I don you don't, I'm, I don't know if you know Michigan, but like we're very like, you know Ferndale, all that, we're very open and we have a bunch of flags around our shop. You can't use that word on the radio. He said Flags, flags. Oh, oh, oh, oh.


I was like, okay my bad. Damn. Oh. I was like I was now you wild. I would never, Oh okay. Just making sure guys. Damn. I'm like, see y'all just going crazy to Trump back in office. Yo. No I would Never, this guy's crazy. Okay. Yes, I understand. But partner is a gender neutral term. Not really. When you say partner, you automatically assume same sex. No, I don't automatically. See that's your problem. You keep automatically assuming you, you, you keep making the ass outta yourself. 'cause you want somebody in yours. Nobody. Yo I'm watching that Uhuh. But nobody ever says my partner. You say my wife like do you say your partner Jesse? Or you say your husband? I say my husband. But look, usually gay guys do say my partner.


Correct. They say husband, they don't say they, they usually say that when I was at the hospital I had a nurse and whatever and he kept saying his partner. His partner And I, that's how I knew he was gay. Other than that I wouldn't have known he was gay. He was like, yeah I'm, and then he was like, I'm very spoiled by my partner. And I was like oh yeah he gay. But before that I couldn't detect the zest. But what about, you know, if you in Atlanta and somebody would be like, that's my partner. You know what I'm saying? My partner from, you know what I'm saying? They ain't gonna say that's my partner. My partner with a Oh Yeah, I've heard these. Yes they do. They say that in the street. Yeah, that's my partner. Them listen man, the moral of the story is stop doing that to people. Don't be assuming that people are anything.


Okay. Mind your damn business. Right. If you don't gotta say happy pride just 'cause you feel that way. 'cause you might be outing somebody that don't want to be outed or you just might be offending somebody 'cause they not gay. Like why are you calling me? Why you me? Happy Pride. Sorry Stacey. What's sta Go go support Sta Stacey. He makes cupcakes. Dope cupcakes. What's, what's his cupcake line and everything? Stacey's. Stacey's famous cupcake. Stacey's famous cupcake. Stacey's Famous cupcake. Salute to you Stacey. Alright, When we come back we got Pastor s Nila will be joining us. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ, JNV. Just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Pastor Os. Yeah DJ. Come Spin. Spin. What's up Nla? What's up guys? How you Nla Simone Big Nile. What's Happening? Hey. Yeah, yeah. All that. All that good stuff. What's up guys? I wanna start with Honorable mentions of songs we're not gonna get into but Drop Today. Illa Drive Typa. Which samples? Keisha Cole Love Lil Ty is Hard. Yes. Lil Sims dropped the album one of my favorite spits from the uk. It's called Lotus Sexy Red. Drop the track and Ty Sign also dropped the song called All in That Sample.


A few different rhythms. Why You Ain't Play Lil Sims? I want to get into Lil Sims 'cause I saw somebody some I, I don't know. It's funny you've said that 'cause randomly I saw a video yesterday of a bunch of people big up Lil Sims, like Lil Kim Emini here, Lil Kendrick Lamar, Busta Rhymes. Oh really? Doci. It was just a bunch of artists begging her up saying how that's like they new favorite rapper Now. Just now I'm finally glad everybody's catching. Maybe Emini here. The video were old though 'cause Kendrick ha was even short. Oh Okay. Nah, SIM's really been that girl over there. She spits crazy. But the album just came out today so I gotta listen to it. But Honorable mention it. Drop today. Make sure you guys check that out. I'm gonna start in Atlanta with some r and b. It's a new artist named Destiny Brianna. And the song, it's called Special.


Sorry. I Like that. It's cool. That's real vibe. It's cool. I like It. It's okay. It's cool. I feel like I've heard it before. Okay. Okay. It's okay. Keeping it in. Atlanta Suave dropped a new tape called Billy two on May 9th and Billy won was an r and b tape. Billy two is a rap tape for all of the fellas. Personally I love Billy one, but Billy two has been actually going up in Atlanta. The song Bishop is doing really well, followed by the song Destiny that Samples Destiny Childs. But the one that Jermaine Dupre reposted is called Off the Leash, which is a play off of Gucci man off the leash and is doing really well. He's Snapping. He's snapping. Yeah. Okay. Snapping. Okay. Okay. It's cool though. You know what I'm saying? Off the leash is such a classic record though.


It is a classic. That's a classic record. So it's like, you know when you've said it, I'm listening. So I'm waiting for that energy. I, I get what he was doing. It was an interpret, what do they call it? An interpolation. Interpolation. You know what Emini here. But it was cool. It's cool. Yes. Okay. But the whole tape is fired so definitely check it out. And Jermaine Dupree liked it so much that he invited him to the studio. So I'm looking forward to see what they cook up because I've really been enjoying these producer tapes that's been going on. Especially when it's the OGs and the young artists. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good way to bridge that. So the OGs know how to make records. A lot of times the younger artists don't necessarily know how to make records. Yeah, well if the OGs wanna train some of the younger producers we're more than willing to learn. It's totally different now though. Before it was, you know, 16 hooks.


16 hooks, 16 hook. Now they it is a lot less than that now. Yeah. So many songs only be two minutes long, a minute and 40 long. So it's totally different. This is true. Well another producer artist tape that's gonna be dropping on the 20th is Kenon Dixon and Terrace Martin. It's called See You Later. And it features Rhapsody and one of my favorite upcoming singers og the song that I wanna say today is called See You Later. Ooh. So you Say the best for Laugh, huh? That ain't even last. Yeah, I did though. She ate Us up for that. Now I gotta look that up. That's hard. Who is that? You said that's Kenon Dixon and Terrace Martin. So, but that's just the singles. They got a tape that's coming. They have a crazy record on there called not like that. And another one called Only Real One Survive.


They sent me to tape early. This Is call see you later. You said Yes girl downloading now. Thanks now period. Okay good. All right we're gonna keep it RB since you guys are feeling that I was gonna hit this little Wayne joint 'cause you know he dropped Carter to six but let's keep it r and b. This last one is a RB artist named Akia. She signed to since the eighties with Zeke and Barry. And I'm actually gonna be DJing their showcase this weekend, BET weekend in la. But this song is called Pajamas. I love this song. She giving Normani. Yeah, I've heard that one too. Mind. I feel like that same formula that they do with a lot of the girls fine.


She ended it with the Terrance Martin. Okay. Okay. I ended it with that one 'cause of the segues it, it goes based off what y'all said. Y'all like joint tapes. All right, cool. I got one for joint tapes. Anyway, if you guys like what y'all hear and if you guys wanna actually tap into some of those other records I mentioned Gorilla, sexy Red, make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. That's N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Click the link bio. I have all the songs in there on the certified playlist. Certified Vibe is also having a Battle of the beats next week in partnership with 24 7 artists and Timberland's Beat Club. So Tap in Producer community, we had so many submissions but we narrowed it down to a good bunch.


So I'm excited for that. And yeah, if you guys are in the LA for BET weekend, I'll be out there doing the, since the eighties showcase. So pull up on me. Where is that at? I don, I don't remember the venue in la. Oh but oh okay. Yeah, it's somewhere out there. All right, well be safe out in la. Thank you. All right. When we come back we got the People's Choice mix. You know we throw it back on a Friday. So let me know what you want to hear. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes indeed, man. Salute to everybody that's headed out to BET Awards weekend in la. That's right. Lauren LaRosa. Nyla Simone. I look at y'all And I say to Myselves, go young people go, okay, I done live that.


Like I don't, I'm so happy that I don't wanna do it Bird. It's gonna be fun though. You're gonna love it. I've Done BET awards a couple years, but I was talking about on the podcast this year is different 'cause I'm doing it with the show with you guys And you're in the radio room. You never done the radio room? I, I've been in the radio room with talent but not actually doing it. And they got, you know, we got our whole breakfast club set up in the radio room and I'm doing something on the pre-show carpet. So it's just a different level of doing it this year. Dope. I'm gonna be tired but I'm definitely gonna have a good time. Well the beauty of it is all the artists that you've spoken about may or may not be there. You know what I'm saying? So just, you know, be ready. Just, just stand 10 toes down. 'cause all you're doing is your job. That's and reporting the News. And it's the first time we ever been in the radio room. We've never been in the radio room before. No, that's not true, Is It?


That's what I was told. We've Never been there. You ever been in the radio room? No. Me, me neither. No. Okay. All Right. Yeah, but I be there. It's the first time to Breakfast Club gonna be in the waiting room. So you'll be representing us. Yes. I'm excited. I feel like everybody's gonna be really excited to see The Breakfast Club set up in, 'cause you know they walk through like a cafeteria. They gonna be so excited to You want any Natural Hair? No, I actually have my hairstyle. She lands in about a couple hours. We have a couple things we're doing. Oh Lord. Okay, I will do, I, I will do this for a day. But it's gonna, the bob gonna look a little different. Okay. Alright, we'll wrap us all. Okay. When we come back. Don't, don't depend. Don go rep us. Depending on what you wearing. That's crazy. I feel like your rep us was a little shady and here you come. What's up? Nah, you repping us. Nah, Lauren gonna do a good job.


Just be prepared. That's all. Truth, truth be told. Forget the outfits. Forget the hair because they gonna look terrible anyway. Oh, focus on what you do best, which is your craft. Yes. That's the number one thing that's right to think about in that radio room because everybody in that radio room is really gonna be focused on they craft and they really gonna be in their busting ass. I remember being in the radio room one time, this is way, way, way back in the day actually. I was working with Wendy Williams at the time and you know, of course Wendy did. Wendy been, had done her radio room days, right? So she sent me to do the radio room and you gotta think about this, this is like oh seven. Hmm. So I remember Janet Jackson came and they made every other artist get out and they cleared everything just for Janet Jackson.


Like that's what, that's what type of era. That was this type of era where Tim Kardashian could just walk around by herself. 'cause people Nobody didn't really know her At all. That's crazy. And I remember I had a, I had Ray J, it was some some Ray J single that was sitting, you know, you had the CDs. There was some CD single sitting on the booth that I was in and Kim grabbing it, threw it. Those were good times man. I had good time. Oh, different era. Different era. Well, Well I don't know who I'll be talking to, but I'm excited to be in conversation. We, we get a a pre-list but you know, radio room get crazy. Anybody talk up? Yeah, anybody can walk through it anytime. Get a lot of content. Get a lot of content for your podcast. The latest with Lauren. Get a lot of content for Breakfast Club. That's right. Yes. It's gonna be a good time. You gonna enjoy it Like we tell our kids though, don't be embarrassing us out there now.


I don't Ever embarrass y'all outside. She already is. She says she bringing her wig Ladies damn man, you already know Where that's going. My hairstylist does natural hair as well. Oh okay. Well that's what she needed to do. Dammit man. The natural. It's time to get up outta here. But before we do, make sure you check out Straw Tyler Perry Straw. It's out today starring Taraji P Hinton who was here earlier today. Yes it is man. Make sure you go support Sir Straw. My guy Tyler Perry. And it's another movie I want y'all to support, man Ballerina. Okay. From The World of John Wick is in theaters today. It's Star It Stars Anna De Arm and Lance Reddick and Keanu Reeves is in it as well. SLU to my guy, Basel Basel. Ironic. Okay, that's my production partner.


But his movie Ballerina is coming out today. It's a spinoff of the John Wick films, man. So you know, if you, if you in theaters, you can go see Straw, you can go see Ballerina one of the two. No Isra in theaters. Craw is not in theater Straw's on Netflix. So you can watch something on Netflix, then go to the theater. If you feel like a movie going experience, you can go check out ballerina in theaters today from The World of John Wick. Alright, you got a positive note? Yes man, I do have a positive note and it comes from Albert Einstein. And this is something that I think everybody needs to remember. Try not to become a person of success. Listen to what I said. Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.


If you become a person of value, then the success will come. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


If you are not watching BMF On Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is here and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Watch the season premiere of BMF now only on Stars and The Stars app.


Did you know that? Parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with realtime notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk-free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


I think everything that might have dropped in 95 has been labeled the golden Years of Hip Hop. It's black Music Month and we need to talk is tapping in. I'm Nyla Simone, breaking down lyrics, amplifying voices, and digging into the culture that's shaped the soundtrack of our lives. Like that's what's really important and that's what stands out, is that music changes people's lives for the better. Let's talk about the music that moves us to hear this and more on how music and culture collide. Listen to, we need to Talk from The Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no Town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case, we should hear about calls 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.