
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As Vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Hear episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free, and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated. Crooks everywhere earths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple. Podcasts


Important Main Street got one of the biggest things in America. Culture. They not like us. Think everybody should go on The Breakfast. Club wanna shake it up. They not like us. The. Breakfast Club. DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm The wild card. Keep the Real and Charlemagne the guy. I'm a lovable royal clown. Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you gotta pop out this show today. Now let's begin. Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious is on maternity leave. What up La Rosa? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne guy.


Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Yes. Good morning. It's Thursday. Who you. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly, but happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. How you feeling, Lauren? I feel great. Yes. I fell asleep at like dinner time yesterday. So, Well, what's dinner time for you? I Feel like, like what time I get home? Like seven. Oh, That Early. Seven, eight. Yeah. Then I woke up. It was time to come back to work. That's amazing. And now you talking, now you're talking about language. Back then, I was so energized today. So you got about seven, eight hours. Oh my God. It was amazing. Oh man. Drop my Food. I got so early. So when You woke up this morning, you felt like you missed everything? Everybody, Yeah. You know me, so I was like, I was going through my emails. I'm on Twitter. Like what happened? What did I miss? Like how did I fall asleep This early?


You miss nothing. Didn't miss nothing. And that's what social media makes you feel. It makes you feel like you always gotta be on. You ain't miss a Damn thing. That's what eight years in the newsroom does to you. You feel like same difference? Well that too. Okay. Maybe that too. I've been here for, I'd be freaking out like that long without The World, like knowing what's going on. I'd be feeling crazy. Like this morning I was like, oh, I ain't really miss much. Nah, sometimes Chill. Just gotta relax. So you just gotta relax, get some rest. I can't wait till recharge. I'm trying to figure that out. I can't wait till you start going to therapy and your therapist tells you just to disconnect. I can't wait to start gonna therapy either. You Ain't gonna know what to do with yourself. I'm not. When you gotta disconnect, Remember I told you that? I'm trying to figure out like how I can start learning to disconnect because I feel like I can't Turn your phone off, put it down, put it on DND. No, I can't. Well my mom, my grandma, everybody gotta be able to call me.


Well You can. You can put it on do not disturb and have just those two be able to get through to you. Yeah, that's what I do. Yeah. I have just only my wife and my kids who get through to me and my mom and my pops. That's it. And then other, other than That, If you just my luck. And then something, something happens like It's all right to miss things. Why you putting on your, your, your makeup on your lipstick now? If, you got early Because my eyelashes were giving me trouble this morning, so I had to redo everything. I got here like five 10 mm. I had to redo everything. So that's what my, my holdup is. But I'm done now. I just gotta put the lipstick on. Mm. Okay. She's single man. Let her do her thing alone. I'm sorry, I'm just asking. What does the single have to Do with She my makeup? Okay. Okay. Let her fish if she want fish. She, every Day I'm complete. Y'all Let her put that bait on her hook. Hell go keep putting that bait on your hook ll cool babe. Premium ba, Premium ba Too bait.


Hanging a little bit off the left eye though. You might wanna put a little bit more glue on that one. The little bait hanging. Wait, this eye? No, this one other. Oh No. 'cause this one, the one that gave me trouble. So now I I know you just fixing over there. There's this one. You're right. No, you lying. I lying. I Don't know about directions, but which one is threw left? What? They said debate don't work. You gotta change. Debate up sometimes though. Debate don't work. Damn. I ain't say that now. That was an insult. I don't know why he decided to be violent with you this morning. Thank him. All right. He just, oh, I envy when he started rubbing you in here today. Don't, don't look over to me For her. Oh, right now. You know man. Well, he'd be the one molesting me. Nope, that's not true at all. Yolanda Adams will be joining us this morning. Terrible segue. She has a new album. Sunny Days or maybe a good one. We need Jesus. We need Jesus right now. Yeah. Sunny Days is a new album is out right now.


We gonna be kicking it with her and two C will be joining us. He has a new project dropping tomorrow. It's called Jaded. So we'll be talking to both of them in a little bit. All right. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Front page news is up next Morgan, what'll be breaking down everything that's going on in the front page News world. So we'll talk to her next. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j nv, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura la Rosa, Philly. And for just let's get in some front page news. All right. Now quickly before we jump into the news with Morgan, some quick football. Thursday night football, the Buccaneers take on the Falcons at eight 15. Now Major League Baseball. We the wild card. All right. The Mets lost last night to the Braves.


The Padres Padres beat the Braves five four. The Royals beat the Orioles two one and the Tigers beat the Astros. 5, 2, 2. All right, now what we got, Morgan? Yeah. Well, we're still talking about the aftermath of Hurricane Helene. Now the death toll has risen to at least one 90 in the Southeast, with hundreds still missing after hurricane. Hurricane Helene and its remnants swept through the region. Now. Vice President Harris, she visited Georgia yesterday and here's what she had to say regarding her visit. The president, And I have been paying close attention from the beginning to what we need to do to make sure the federal resources hit the ground as quickly as possible.


We are here for the long haul. There is the work that we have done together. That was the immediate response, well preparation for, and then the immediate response after. But there's a lot of work that's gonna need to happen over the coming days, weeks, and months. Former President Trump, he also visited Georgia yesterday. Areas of North Carolina have been des devastated by floods with Buncombe County authorities saying the death toll has risen there to almost 60 with property damage estimated to be in the billions. Over a million in the region are still without power between Florida and Virginia. Meanwhile, president Biden, he toured the hardest hit areas in the Carolinas via air yesterday, speaking from the Emergency Operations Center in Raleigh, Biden gave more details regarding the bipartisan relief efforts happening in North Carolina.


Let's hear from President Biden. Today I approve the request of Governor Cooper for the federal government to cover 100%. 100% of all the costs for debris removal, emergency protective measures for six months. The damage is still being assessed, but, and many people are still unaccounted for. So I'm here to say the United States, the nation has your back. There are no Democrats or Republicans or only Americans. And our job is to help as many people as we can, as quickly as we can, and as thoroughly as we can. Biden went on to say that he feels for the people who have lost family members regarding lost family members in that incidents.


Very tragic. Yeah. Mother Nature has nothing to do with politics because that can happen to anybody. It don't matter what your political party is, You know what I mean? And nothing and nothing you can do after Mother Nature hits, except do your best and attempt to clean up the mess. And that's good that the federal government will be cleaning up all the debris, taking care of a hundred percent of, yeah. Taking care of a hundred percent of everything for the next six months. Yeah, absolutely. Switching gears, the White House says, president Biden has signed a bill increasing the amount of secret service protection for presidential candidates. Remember, this became an issue following the various multiple attempts on former President Trump's life. Now, the re the bill recently passed through Congress with unanimous support following a second assassination attempt on from former President Donald Trump.


The new law gives Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris the same protect protections as President Biden. The enhanced Presidential Security Act was introduced following the assassination attempt on Trump in Butler, Pennsylvania in July, of course, last month, the Secret Service stopped another attempt on Trump's life at his golf course in West Palm Beach, Florida. So yeah, You know, it's, it's, it's amazing how we can see something happen and then that easily You know there's relief, there's efforts, there's, there's initiatives being put in place. So the government, why did you take two attempts Though? I'm, I'm You know. I'm not sure why it took two attempts, but you see how fast it, I I that's how, from my perspective, it moved pretty fast that they got this passed And I.


First time I took two. Yeah, I'm not really sure. So, 'cause they dead at One. That is very true. This Is true, this is true. And of course, new details are being released related to former President Trump's alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 election. But we will talk more about that at 7:00 AM That's a front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. All right. Thank you Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The.


Breakfast Club the complexion for the protection. Hello. Who's this? He? I'm calling. Hello? I this he calling from South Carolina. What's Up bro? We get it off your chest. Hey, I just wanted to tell PSA for Black America man. I think everyone needs to do their own research when it comes down to this presidential election and get out their own personal feelings about how you feel about the presidential candidate. This is not the first time we had a racist candidate run You know, gimme my racism up front, not behind my back. So You know, do your own research when it comes down to these candidates. You know CNN and Facebook is not gonna tell you the truth when it comes down to what these guys are really doing So well, thank you for stating the obvious.


Sir. Sir, we appreciate you. But you're absolutely right. Everybody should do their own research when it comes to the presidential candidates and make your own individual choice because it is your own individual choice. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this Q Butter. What's up man? Butter Press Club. Yeah, you Butter man. So over Charmaine, you over 40? Probably 50 to be honest with you. Nah, I'm 36. Oh, 36 with a name like Q Butter. Okay, Q butter. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Charlamagne, I'm a, I'm a fan of a brilliant idiot. I was wondering about how do you do the, the the, the calling the question The asking idiot. The asking idiot. Yeah. I don't know. You know Taylor does that.


I don't know how they do ask. I don't know how they get to ask an idiot questions. But Taylor does it. I mean, I know she be posting it up on her Instagram story. Follow her on Instagram. Also, I I also, I wanted to get into this, did video that just surface with the white girl. So I think it was just out of context. They said that he asked the girl to come in the house so that she could play with some kids or something like that. I think the kids was on the video, the live screen. And he was just fronting like he knew the girl. Like he been around her for years. But I mean, it, it looked egregious 'cause he kissed on her cheek or something like that. But I think it is just taken outta context. I don't think you can cancel Diddy for that video.


They gotta find something else. I think Diddy has a million other reasons that he'll be canceled. Yeah, I think did Before. There's another video. There's another video that's You know. I don't know If. you saw that one with him and Cassie. I think that I is the reason they canceled him, sir. Yeah. Not, not that one. But anyway, let's go to one more line. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Ty from Brooklyn. Ty from Brooklyn. What up? Get it off your chest, bro. Yo, DJ Envy telling me to God. God bless y'all. God bless you. Hey listen, I just wanna talk about women who get real comfortable getting their hair done, nails done, toes done, lashes, eyebrows, waxes, senti, underwear on a weekly basis whenever they need it. They can't wash a dish in the house. Damn. They can't afford a, a clean load of laundry.


Damn. Why I gotta go get a maid? Damn And. I'm standing tall for you. Who you shooting at this morning? What's the rat with? You just ain't tell it. Why? You just ain't telling why you just ain't telling yourself why you just ain't texting this? Well I did. I I had to book a ma last night. I had to talk to her like, Hey listen, You know I'm booking a maid right now, but I just hashed out on you got your new cell phone done. All that stuff I mentioned earlier, but I've been through that consistently. What she say? And she was just like, well, You know all my fingers hurt. Does she have a job bro? I about to say like, does she, what does she do on a daily? Is she a mom? Is she working full-time too? Like is she She she's a trader. She's a one of those RX traders or something like that. Orex Orex Trader. Yeah. She she does, she does online trading.


Yeah. Oh, she could do the dishes. Yeah. And what she what you gotta pay for all of that for? She got her own money. Well, You know, I'm, I'm an elevator constructor. I just wanna shout out to elevator instructors and, and Union, union Labor. Still labor in New York City. We, we making it baby. But that's type of Man I, here I stand, I stand like that. I get, I get it when you to have that conversation in your house, brother. Yeah, You know what this gonna be my last time getting it Maid, I tell you that much. Or just wash her clothes and leave her, her underwear dirty. Nah, I don't do those. We don't, we treat people happy. You wanna be treated. I I respect what you're doing though. I mean, You know, like we was having this conversation last week. She she's doing things for you. So you doing things for her. I understand. Yeah, but he said she's not You Know. I wish you would've kept her to play a little bit more because You know what that laundry been sitting there since Monday. Are y'all stinking that house?


All right. Have a good one, brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charlemagne Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can Get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, there's Joe. Joe. What up? Get it off your chest. Your What's good Angie? What's what, right. I'm told y because my home mother invited me to my Ex grandmother's funeral. And I went there. That's all I did. And I took the pictures.


And I sister posted it on Instagram. And I Shorty sold the pictures and that started the whole thing. Basically. Why did you go to your Ex grandma funeral, sir? And Why you didn't just tell your girl? 'cause my mother invited me. That's my mothers best friend. Why? Gotta do with why you just let your girlfriend know you was going? Because I knew that was gonna start so too Did you? They don't, they don't get along like they know each other. So I didn't wanna start now I just gonna pay my respect. You should just sent the flower arrangement. I ain't gonna lie. Cut your peace. I agree. Yeah. Well have a good one brother. I bet It sound like we gonna be playing in your funeral. Next Damnit man. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Shaa. Hey Shaa. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Shaa.


Hey, good morning Lauren. I just wanted to call. Oh my gosh. Shaa. What is it now girl Say she got them braids out. I, What is it now? I told you coming calling. I told you so Beautiful. You Like, oh now, now I'm beautiful. I told you homecoming Caesar was coming. You, you was just a little overzealous. I understand though. You a little excited. She said she likes The fact that she took the braids out. I hope You know You. You like my new homegirl in my head now. Like now. See you Now. We friends. Yes, girl. I hate girl crying. I dunno why Lauren just can't take the Compliment. You never, you're so crazy to me. You never, why nobody talking to you. Just take the compliment. Nobody talking to you Charlene. Instead a woman's business take over here compliment you.


Never. You you. But people been asking me your homegirl's Instagram too. And I don't know what to give it. So you should tell people I Gave it to you. We, it's red phone e the stylist under, I believe it is. I don't have it in, in front of me right now. Okay. But her name is Ebony and that's her name on Instagram. Red poem, the stylist. Well, I appreciate the compliment. Thank you girl. Okay, Shay Shake finally. She thank you for calling in and giving her some love. And I some confidence this morning. She, she been feeling bad about her hair. Every time Ev ever since you called her a weeks ago wife Sitting in here lying, Let she up. So all you had to say from the beginning was, thank you. No, you appreciate We had to Do a little banter. That's no, that little pain hurt. That little hurt. That little stink You.


know what I'm saying? I told you homecoming theater was coming. I don't be out here looking Raggy you the only one laughing. That's you. It's, it's just all I need. It's always just you. That's all I need. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. We do. John Amos's family has some drama. We gonna get into it. Alright, We'll get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Shene the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying.


She don't nobody world. I just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So yesterday we sent a rest in peace to John Amos who passed away. And following that, there has been an even before that, honestly, there was some family drama surrounding him and the care of him. But there has been some new developments on that side of things. So once reports broke, which actually happened on Tuesday when his son announced the fact that he had passed away. John Amos's daughter, her name is Shannon, came out and let The World know that You know, yes, she's in grieving and she's in mourning.


But she didn't know her dad had even passed away. She found out through the media like we did. She said, I'm without words. Our family has received a heartbreaking news that my dad, John Amos Jr. Transitioned on August 21st. We are devastated and left with many questions about how this happened 45 days ago. Learning about it through the media. Like so many of you, this should be a time of honoring and celebrating his life. Yet we are struggling to navigate the wave of emotions and uncertainties around surrounding his passing. Still, there are some semblance of peace. And knowing my father is finally free, my family, And I, deeply appreciate the outpouring of Loves Cause text. Please continue to hold our family in your thoughts and prayers. So from this statement, it was, it was very evident that something was going on right? Like he had passed away 45 days ago and she's just now finding out this this week.


So that's Crazy, Right? So from there, TMZ obtained the death certificate of John Amos, which again pointed to exactly what she was saying. So the death certificate said that he had died of congestive heart failure and that he was cremated more than a month ago. Mm. To Shannon's point, the family found out way after he had died and been cremated the who cremated him. So I'm gonna get to that. So the date of death is listed as August 21st at Inglewood Hospital. Now his son KC is listed as the informant. So that means KC informed the county of his dad's death. So I'm assuming that K is the person who set up the cremation because it also lists here where like the ashes are, like where they were released to.


And it's listed as Casey's home. So, and Casey is his son who was in care of John at the time. And it also listed there was no autopsy done. So another family friend, or I'm sorry, not a family friend, but John Amos's goddaughter released a statement following the cremation conversation. A bunch of different conversations that were happening. Her name is Amy. She released this on Facebook and she says, we do not. So at the time they didn't have the death certificate themselves. We do not have a death certificate, nor do we know where or why he died because they didn't have their death certificate. Certificate. But we know he was suffering from congestive heart failure and dementia. We fear he was likely cremated to avoid any potential investigation into conditions surrounding his final days.


Over the past year, John Amos was isolated from his family and close friends by Kelly Casey Amos. That's his son. And this is all alleged, y'all. This is alleged by Amy John Amos's goddaughter. She named Belinda Foster, who was a, is a listed publicist for John Amos as well as one of the people that was isolating him from family, allegedly. And then she goes on to say, Casey portrayed an image of a close father son relationship on social media. But the reality was far more complex. Our father suffered from dementia and Casey gave, often gave John verbal prompts to create a narrative on social media that were not effective or effective of the truth. We are deeply concerned that our father may have been neglected and isolated during his final days. As we received photos from conserved neighbors and medical professionals.


The situation mirrors Shannon and Casey's mother's passing. They suspect that these actions, and I'm assuming they're talking about the way that he was isolated from the family, according to them, have been taken to alter potential wills and collect life insurance or other benefits this made even more concerning.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay? Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method and we're living on the edge. Oh, oh my God. I was not expecting That Baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Definitely Decia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No babe, that's taken. We're in our own world. Remember? Right? In our own world, we're two space cadets and totally Normal humans. Sure, totally normal humans Embark on a journey across the stars discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time We'll talk about life, love, laughter, and why you should never argue with your copilot. Especially when she's always right, Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piloting skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs and Super corny dad jokes. Listen to in our own world, as a part of the Mike ura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes.


Most of the time I felt too seen dragged. I'm nk. And this is basket case. So I basically had What back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a chauffeur, the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talked to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey. But this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church. And then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt like I was living in North Korea. But worse if that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


By Casey struggles with addiction and mental health issues as well as his previous arrest. She says we refuse to rule out the possibility of foul play, especially given the involvement of two individuals, a person named Eugene Brummer and Belinda Foster. Now this is all alleged by Amy, who is the goddaughter of John Amos. Now this, I told you guys, this drama has been going on for some time. It's over a year at this point between the family. We actually have audio of John Amos when he was first in a hospital about a year ago when his daughter Shannon spoke out and said, my dad is suffering from elder abuse. Something's wrong. So he released this video. Let's take a listen. I'm an 83-year-old man. And I have two children. My son is here with me in the hospital in Memphis.


And I'm not in the hospital as a result of anything that happened recently, other than the fact that about a month ago I was hospitalized because I was suffering from water retention. My main issues are that I feel that I was, prior to entering the hospital, we, I had some ongoing issues with my daughter who I feel has taken advantage of me. And she would be the primary suspect. If you would, I don't know if that's the right term to use or not, but she's the one that I would attribute my elderly abuse to. Now after this video, that was John Amos. Yes. That was John Amos. About a year ago after the daughter Stephanie, I mean Shannon, I'm sorry. The daughter Shannon had first claimed that there was elder abuse, exploitation and a bunch of other things happening on behalf of her brother.


I will say though, authorities about a year ago came in, investigated this and ruled that that was not happening. And there has been no official statement from authorities. I have reached out to the woman Belinda Foster, who's listed as a publicist for John Amos And. I've also reached out to his son Casey, but I have no word back as of yet. So I don't really know for sure what is happening. But everything about this screams that there's just You know some disconnect in the family as there has been. So, oh, Absolutely. You didn't speak to your, you said your, your dad or your godfather in 45 days. There's definitely some disconnect, but I will say this, when people have dementia, right, a lot of times they don't understand what they're saying. And everything that that happens in The World, they think happens to them. So the fact that he said that he was getting elderly abused or they was stealing from him, that doesn't necessarily have to be true.


That could have just be in his mind he had dementia. That's what She said. So that's what the, the daughter's claiming that he suffered. And the goddaughter is claiming that he suffered from dementia suggestive heart failure. I mean not congestive heart failure. Yeah, congestive heart failure and dementia is what the family on one side is saying that he was dealing with when he was hospitalized during that time, when that video released, it was something about like fluid and parts of his body. They did mention the heart failure as well too. First things first, man, It's a lot man. It's A lot rest in peace John amo sending healing energy to the family. And all I'm gonna say is messy, messy, messy. And it's none of my business. Even if they're trying to make it our business. I do wonder how families dealt with these things before social media. Like when they give us all that information, what do they expect to happen?


What do they want us to do? Are they just venting? Are they crying out for help? They just trying to embarrass each other. They out for help. They want an investigation, I'm sure to see Exactly what happened. Yeah, think Shannon is trying to like get the people going. The last time Shannon did this, she had said her a GoFundMe to raise money to like look into it, get investigators to look into it and all that stuff. So I, there's all investigators. Yeah, I I I don't know what the, But it's more than just call investigators because they, he's already cremated so they gotta get somebody back to open up that case to see exactly what happened, go through those records. All I'm saying, but I'm saying is spend that time and energy talking to those people. I understand. Like Why are you talking to social media? It's just Rare. It's so sad to see, especially in death when you're at the same time they're all mourning the loss of John, Amos You. know what I mean? Exactly. So, yeah, well, I mean I hope that they figure it out And it makes the grieving process harder.


Like I You know hundred percent You know, like nobody want to hear all that when they grieving You know. But You know the sad thing about it and And I don't know if this is the exact thing, but when somebody passes away, everybody always looks into finances too to see where that will is. Who gets this, who gets that? Where does this go? Where does that go? And that's a part of it as well. I'm sure. Well, we'll we'll stay locked to figure out what's happening. Hopefully I can hear back from somebody 'cause I did reach out and And I can provide some more insight on something. Alright, Well that is just with the mess with Lauren Laro. So now when we come back, we got front page news and then Yolanda Adams will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is DJ DJ Evie Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren, the Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Start off quick with some sports. Thursday night football tonight the Tampa Fe Buccaneers take on the Falcons at eight 15.


Now Major League Baseball, the wild card, the Tigers beat the Astros. The Royals beat the Orioles. The Mets lost to the brewers and the Braves lost to the Padres. What's up Morgan? What's up Is there's new details being released related to former President Trump's alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 election. Now in a court filing released on Wednesday yesterday, special counsel Jack Smith said Trump intentionally lied to former Vice President Mike Pence, state election officials and the public. The filing alleges Trump describes some of the claims of election fraud as crazy behind closed doors. This all comes following the July ruling of the Supreme Court on presidential immunity that found Trump isn't eligible for criminal pros, prosecution for Acts committed when he was in office.


Now last year Trump pleaded not guilty to federal charges related to creating a criminal scheme to overturn the election results. Now, Trump's lawyers said the filing would improperly influence the election and that violates the Department of Justice policies. Now what we're also watching is what an official and unofficial act it has yet to be defined by the Supreme Court. So we're not sure if Trump was operating as a president during this whole overturning or if he was operating as a candidate. So all of that remains to be determined. And I will come, of course, keep you posted on all of that drama. Meanwhile, Ohio Senator and Trump's right hand man, the re Republican right Vice presidential nominee JD Vance.


He was back on the campaign trail in the swing state of Michigan following his VP debate. And he wasted no time slamming Vice President Harris. Let's hear from JD Vance in Michigan. And it is great to be in the state that I think is gonna be pivotal to giving us 270 electoral votes and making Donald Trump the next president of the United States. I feel a little bad for Governor Waltz and the reason I feel bad for him is because he has to defend the indefensible and that is the record of Kamala. Harris Man said that he thought his debate with Minnesota governor Tim Walls went pretty well. And he mentioned he spoke to former President Trump afterward who congratulated him.


Meanwhile, democratic VP candidate Tim Walls, he went on a one day bus tour through a swing through the swing state of Pennsylvania following the debate. Now this all comes as Nielsen figures shows that 43 million people watch Tuesday's Vice presidential debate hosted by CBS. And it was broadcasted across 15 different networks, 55 and up made the largest group of watchers with 29 million. A CBS poll found that 42% of respondents thought that Vance won the debate while 41% thought walls won. And 17% said it was a tie. You know, it's interesting like what you were talking about earlier with, with Donald Trump, like this is why You know folks think the attempted coup of this country was a joke. You know because they didn't treat it like an attempted coup when it happened.


They didn't treat You know Donald Trump like he was attempting to overturn the results of a, of, of an election. Yeah, a coup wasn't enough for them to act. They didn't go after Trump. They didn't attempt to put him in jail when it mattered. So here we are in a position where we trying to stop dictatorship through voting and, and you don't stop a dictator through voting. You stop a dictator through laws. They didn't reinforce none of those laws And we still trying to define them. So yeah, speaking of which, there's a lot going on locally New York, but it's also impacting much of the East coast, much of the Gulf Gulf Coast. So New York governor Kathy Holle, she says New York and New Jersey, they're trying to keep the supply chain moving as tens of thousands of dock workers go on strike. The governor says, roughly 100,000 shipping containers are in limbo in the port of New York and New Jersey alone.


Let's hear from ca Governor Kathy Hoko. It's not time to be panicked buying groceries or other products because the port has worked really hard to move produce and other shipments in off the containers, get them into the trucks and get them to their destinations so they can move before the strike began. And we of course, we encourage the parties to come to a speedy rela resolution that respects the rights of workers to have a good pay, but also allows commerce to resume quickly. So this is the first large scale dock workers strike in 47 years with workers fighting for better wages and protections against automation to ensure job security. Now, governor Hocal says the state will be monitoring the strike and its local impacts during those remarks.


She also mentioned that she's continuing to monitor the Eric Adams administration Mayor Eric Adams out New York following the resignation of Tim Pearson, who is one of Adam's top aide. Now this comes as New York City Mayor Adam Eric Adams. He is facing federal corruption charges and could be hit with more charges. Now the feds have been investigating a number of Adams staff members and said in court that more people could be charged as a result of what's going on in that administration and other news. Jury deliberations are expected to start today in the Tyree Nichols Murt murder trial. Former Memphis police officers, ter Arius Bean, Demetrius Haley, and Justin Smith are on trial for the on camera beating of Nichols during a traffic stop back in 2023 that ultimately led to his death.


As the trial was getting underway last month, Nichols mom had this to say about her expectations. Can we hear from Tyree Nichols mom? Our hope is that they're found guilty and to show The World that my son was a good person and he wasn't the criminal that they're trying to make him out to be. Yeah. So two other officers have already accepted plea deals and that in exchange for their testimony. And of course I'm on verdict watch and I'll let You know what happens as soon as a verdict drops. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network. Download that free iHeart radio app and visit BIN news.com.


Now Listen, I I was gonna say too, Morgan, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but You know, what do you think about, or just all of us in general, what do you think about people saying that the US Port strike is potentially the October surprise that could trip up the Vice President Kamala Harris? Because they say Donald Trump has a really close relationship with the Port Strike leader, Harold Daggett, he's the leader of the International Association of I think the longshoreman. So they're saying that this whole porch strike is the October Donald Trump saying fall back for a little bit. Let's, let's cause a little craziness. Yep. I mean at this point I believe in almost. It is crazy. I think so. Surprises me much. Yeah. I wouldn't be Surprised. No, because it is crazy. 'cause like I said, yesterday went to the store, there's, there was no toilet paper, there was no paper towel.


Red said there was no meat pours. I Saw people in Delaware on Facebook saying that like one of the big Walmarts had like shut down early, close down earlier, I guess. 'cause they didn't feel like dealing with all the people and they were running outta stuff or something. My friends were out striking. But also drinking too. I don't know, it's a lot going on. Mm. And of course You know it's, it's pretty bad here as well in Baltimore. You know we lost a whole bridge earlier this year. So these guys have been reeling from the effects of that You know. And on top of this, this is You know this can't make it any better. But yeah, nothing surprises me if October surprise sounds about right. Hmm. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Thank you. How can they follow you? Y'all can follow Morgan Media at Morgan Media.


M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And of course, make sure y'all check out black information at work. BN news.com. Thank y'all. All right, when we come back, gospel singer, r and b singer Yolanda Adams will be joining us. She has a new album, sunny Days Out right now, and we gonna kick it with Yolanda Adams. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess is still on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building, her album Sunday. The legend, the legendary out right now. Ladies and gentlemen, Yolanda Adams. Welcome. Thank Y'all for having me. How You feeling this Morning? Absolutely fantastic.


Okay. This is your 14th album? Yeah, this is my 14th studio Album. 14th studio album. What goes through your head when you hear that? Wow. Gratefulness, appreciation. That I'm still doing what I do and loving the fact that folks still want to hear what I'm doing and that it still inspires them and gets them going and keeps them lifted up. You know. Yeah. So yeah, that's How I feel. Do you remember putting out your first album and Absolutely. And how that felt and the fact, I don't know if the industry was ready for gospel music the way there was. Well, the industry wasn't ready for me. 'cause, because I wasn't You know, I wasn't like your typical gospel gospel artist.


I didn't look like everybody else. And You know folks kind of give me flack about that because I, I didn't grow up in a place where we couldn't wear makeup or we couldn't wear pants. You know in my house, it was cool to go to the skating rink with Jesus. So we went everywhere with God. And so there were some people who were like, well, you shouldn't wear that lipstick and you shouldn't do this and you shouldn't do that. And I was like, Hmm, okay. Nah, I'm, I'm good. Yeah. I've never understood why religious people, Christians are so judgemental when the Bible says Outh not judge. Well, I think it's human nature when people don't understand, You know other folks.


Again, it's all in the way you were raised because my parents were real cool. So I wasn't raised with limitations. As a matter of fact, my mom and dad told us that everything is possible for us. And so when I went into the actual solo part of gospel music, I was, it, it was, it took me aback for a little while because I'm like, oh, so y'all can't do, I won't. So in order to be a gospel artist, you can't do this, this, this and that and the other. And I'm like, nah, I'm not gonna be that kind of gospel artist. But But your mom was a ministry of music in the church? Yes. So her church. 'cause I know when I go to church with my grandmother, you, you can't wear pants. You can't do certain things to this day.


And, I have to just go with that. Your mom's church didn't have those rubes even though she didn't. Not at at all. We were baed. Okay. So gotcha. You know the deacons would smoke outside. So we Smoke what? Watch out. Cigarettes watch out because they burning bush. It was still calling it dope back then, so, no, no. So that's why No, it was, it was cigarettes. I was gonna ask You know. Well, growing up in the church, how much pressure was that? You know? 'cause being a kid growing up in the, in the church, everything seemed perfect. Right? They wanted everything to be perfect. And if it wasn't perfect, it seems like they shamed you back then. And what kept you grounded? Because even going to college, usually the church girls were the wildest, they were the ones that they were no longer on the leash.


Mom and dad is no longer Miss Adam. Laugh, sound like You know a thing that came from deep. Well, well here. So tell my business boy. But again, here we go. I wasn't restricted in anything in my life. So I went to the dances. You know, I hung out at the house parties and stuff like that when I was younger. So I didn't have that restriction. And so when I got to college, I didn't have to wild out because it's like, oh, y'all doing that all child please You know. I don't know why that happens. I think it's in a person to try to test the waters. And then when they find out, oh, it ain't that wonderful, then they go back into their little shell and it's Oh, You know.


How do you feel about the church nowadays then? Because If, you test the waters, certain churches and certain congregations, like, they almost like condemn people for certain things. Well, and, and here, and you, you did say certain churches, which is, I'm glad you said that because certain churches have this and, and certain religions have a, an idea that you're supposed to be so high up here that And I, I've never gotten that whole concept of the super religious kind of thing because I didn't have to be that all I had to do was be myself. Yeah. And God loved me for being myself, not a pretend Yolanda, because I, I've never been good at pretending so You know, except when I'm acting.


Thank you Jesus. But, but I think nowadays the view of that comes from people who are outside looking in, not people inside certain churches. Mm. You know because you have to be inside to experience that And I know that there are some people who can make you feel like, yeah, you are not at your best, you're not as good as them. And stuff. Like, I get that now. I'm like big old 63-year-old. I get that now. You know. People text. Why you wear that? Why are you doing this? And why are you showing up here? And why are you showing? Because I'm grown. How does that make you feel though? Because it's been going on for so long with you. Yeah. But but again, I mean, I will never see those people.


I will never experience them. They will never come to my house. They will never come to the barbecue. So you can't get so emotionally attached to negativity that you stop being you and you stop living and you stop living your life the way you live your life. You know. So it's like they gonna be fine. 'cause I'm fine. Why do, why do people give you so much smoke for your outfits? Like I, I'm be like, what is Ms. Adams wearing that looks so crazy? I don't, well I don't get, I'm like, I've never seen you. You ain't like The late great Darryl Coley said something from the stage one time. He said, y'all mad 'cause y'all can't wear it.


Mm. That's real. So I don't You know. I And I think because, but They talk like you sexy. Right. And Luke to sexy. Right. But You know Well, well You know. She listens to the music. So I'm You know I have nothing against her. But it's like some people are uncomfortable with you being comfortable in your skin. And I'm extremely comfortable in my skin. And I have been for a long, long time, which is why I said don't, don't fall for the negativity. Don't You know there because there will be so many people who applaud you Yep. And are in your corner and want you to make it and want you to succeed. That the two, three or 40 opposed to 2 million, it's like, I'm gonna hang out with the 2 million.


That's right. Rather than the 40 You know, you said something that's not as very important. You said you've always been comfortable in your own skin. When did you get to that point? Because You know, just the way you present aesthetically, you're tall, you're beautiful when you walk in the room. Everybody like, oh, who that? So I know that makes people uncomfortable. So when did you get comfortable being, making people uncomfortable? I think, I think because I've always been a tall kid and my parents always talked about how amazing stature and grace and elegance is. I think I really got a hold to it probably in my twenties. Mm. You know, after I graduated college, And I had some stuff under my belt.


And it's like, okay, yeah, I'm gonna take on The World. And when you're taking on The World, you can't have that insecurity of, well, how will it feel and how will they accept me and how will they do this? How will they do them? It's like, nah, you, you gotta get out there. There. That's right. Yeah. So it was yeah, in my twenties. Absolutely. All right. We got more with Yolanda Adams when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. CJ nv, Jess Aria, Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren, the Rosas filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Yolanda Adams. Her album Sunny Days is out right now. Charlamagne, what is Yolanda Adams definition of a sunny Day? Oh my gosh.


My definition of a sunny day is a day where I feel so good about myself, about what I'm doing, about my purpose.


My name is Brandon. Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout method and we're living on the edge. Oh my God. I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Definitely.


Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state and she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey gb, explaining what he believes Led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas Play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian, now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church, and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No, Babe, that's taken. We're in our own world, remember? Right? In our own world, we're two space cadets and Totally normal humans. Sure, totally normal humans Embark on a journey across the stars, discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time. We'll talk about life, love, laughter, and why you should never argue with your Co-pilot, especially when she's always right, Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piloting skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs and Super corny dad jokes. Listen To in Our Own World, as a part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes. Most of the time I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk. And this is basket case. So I basically had What back in the day, they would call a nervous Breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And also about the climate of The, World You know, you have to be optimistic to really look at where we are right now and say, but there's something good that's gonna come out of this. Yes. And so that's what I wanted to do with this project because it took us four years to actually finish the project. We started it in 2018 and then all of a sudden Jim Jam and Terry Lewis got busy. Donald Lawrence got busy. Ev all of the producers got busy. I got busy. And then there was the pandemic. And so that stopped a lot of things. And then Kingdom Business, we started filming that You know we had seasons one and two, we had to film.


Then all of a sudden I'm like, okay, all right. All right, we got to get this album done. So it finally got done this year. And I'm just so really excited about that. So when nine Nongo artists, they go into a studio, maybe it's a heartbreak or like You know they do indulge in smoking, drinking, whatever to get them or for gospel artists. Is it that you're like, you're praying you deep in the spirit? Like where does that come from for you guys? Oh, it comes from the same experiences. Hmm. Of course we not You know, getting high, trying to figure out what God's doing. But we is from the earth. Nobody found, nobody found that funny but me. We did. From weed is from the earth though. It is from the earth. Oh, I get what you did there. We not getting drunk trying to figure out what God is doing. They trying to figure out what their man got going on. Okay, heard you.


Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. No, it comes from the experiences that we're having in our lives because you figure we got eight plus billion people in The World. So at least a million gotta be going through what you're going through. And so if you're making a business decision, if you're making a relationship decision, if you're making a a moving You know geographical moving decision. All decisions for us You know. We have to ask God, okay, is this real? Is this me or is this you? Or do I just want this for me? And You know, a lot of times God say, okay, If, you want it for you. Let's do it. Mm mm You know God is not. That is interesting. I've been rain down this.


I ain't about that. Yeah. Because, because God is not trying to keep you stuck. As a matter of fact, he wants the best for you always. And I think people have fashioned God in so many ways that it's confusing to people when they see someone You know like me, who has this relationship with God, where it's like real cool, Hey God, we doing, we doing The, Breakfast, Club this morning. Yeah, I know. I'll be there with you You know that kind of thing. And, I believe if we would give people room to grow with God, that they'll find God on their own and they'll find God as so loving and so kind on their own that they don't have to be pushed into.


Yeah, go on and do this. Go do that. You won't have to be pushed to do anything you'll want to from the bottom of your heart. You wanna love people, you wanna share his goodness, you want to share a smile You know that kind of thing. Now, You, you would trending about a week ago, two weeks ago, Woody McLean. Yes. She's like, what? What Happened? So when you were trending, when people were calling you, did You know what it was right away? And I did not. You did not. So what was your mind thoughts when you seen Woody McLean doing the all that in the video? Well, here's the thing about the video. We actually did the video together. We were there on set together. And You know Woody is Woody. I I mean, that's Bobby Brown.


Right, right, right, right. So You know, we know he's a great artist and just all around great guy. But people were talking as though it was the power Woody. Why is it that Yolanda is You know? 'cause people are mad at him. You know character. Yeah. They're they're mad at him. So they, they forget he's acting. Yeah. 'cause and, and that's the thing. How do you forget that this man is acting? He's not the same character in that video that he is on power. So what is that? I didn't get that. And so my, this generation of God's children a little slow. And my daughter had to explain to me, well, You know he's kind of a bad character on power.


I'm like, yeah, but that's just his job. He as a person, he's a man of faith. When they told, when the record company said, we have Woody for the video, I was like, yes. Because I remember the Bobby Brown Woody. Right. I'm, I haven't watched power enough to know that character. I'm like, season one power. Do you feel like Jermaine Dupree recently had some comments? We have the audio too, If, you wanna hear it? But he recently said that because the younger artists aren't walking through those church doors, you just take Oh, you heard, you heard. Yeah, I've heard that. Do you feel like that is affecting music? The fact that you, like, like you said, people aren't, may not ever walk through those church doors, but it could still hit them in their heart.


Is that possible? Or you feel like these artists need to get back in church? Well, I think what he meant is that the producers who are doing the producing have to have that background to know how to bring in the tenors. How to bring in your Altos You know to make that full effective sound. We all know the difference between church musicians and regular musicians who did not get that training. Because here's the thing about church. Church trains you because you have a, an audience that can't go nowhere for like two, three hours. And so you get that on the job training that you wouldn't get just You know in your basement, You know mixing and trying to do your thing.


So you, you learn how to capture an audience. And, I think that is what's missing as well. Because these kids don't have that type of experience until they get in front of audiences. And most of them don't know what to do. I watched Saturday Night Live, the young lady who had this huge song during the pandemic about You know, driving down the street and stuff like that. And she made a song on her computer in her room, and it blew up. It went viral like a billion times. They immediately put her on Saturday Night Live.


She's not ready For that. And it was obvious that she had not had the trainees. And if we go back even to the Motown days and the Stacks days, there was artist development. They don't have that anymore. And that's the thing that I believe Jermaine was talking about as well. They do not have artist development, artist development for us as people who attended church and grew up in the church. We grew up in the choir, or either the band or something like that. You had that every Sunday. Every Thursday when you had rehearsals, you had the chance to You know, be corrected and You know and, and make it right.


And so I know, I definitely know we gotta bring that artist development back. And then the other thing that you miss is that, that heart and soul. That's right. You, you can only get that heart and soul when you're connect. If you're not connected to your source, you will Miss You know. You may sound amazing, but there will be this emptiness that is very obvious that You know. It's like maybe you need to You know. Get a little quiet, get get some peace. Or You know, do some yoga or whatever you do. All right. We got more with Yolanda Adams when we come back. Matter of fact, let's get into a joint off your album. What you want to hear. Oh my gosh. Play on God. On God.


All right. Well here it is. It's Yolanda Adams on God. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Yolanda Adams. Now I got a question. Do you look at music, how you look at acting, right? So there's certain music you, you're not gonna sing. 'cause you don't, you don't stand by it. Right? But do you look at that as acting as well? Like is there parts that you say that doesn't fit my quote unquote persona, but it is acting so you really taking yourself outta your person and being somebody else. Like would Yolanda Adams ever be like a, a, a drug king, queen like Mary j Blige and Power? Would you play that part? Would you play certain parts that don't necessarily sit your fit your persona? Now, I wouldn't be a drug dealer or a queen PenFed, but I like meaty roles.


That's why I took on Denita Jordan, because although we're gospel artists and family women, she's, she's cutthroat. And I'm the total opposite. You know, I let people live because I, I think God can get you better than I can. Right. You know. So I would like to do a role like murder. She wrote Mm, I'd like to be a detective. Mm. That involves gore. And, but that's Still the positive side. Would you be on the other side of that murder? Would you be the murderer? You know what? I don't know. No one's ever asking me that question. What If you was killing people who were possessed by the devil. There's this movie called Frailty. Right. You ever seen the movie Frailty?


Fra No, I have not. Frailty is about that. Where this guy was, they thought he was a serial killer, but literally God was giving him visions and the people he was killing. Wow. That were like pedophile and all Yes. Like people that killed Mom, like terrible people. Oh wow. And it, and it was all rooted in his faith for God. He had to, I'm gonna have to research that. Yep. I don't know if God just wants you to kill people just You know. But so people don't Even come to you with those separate, like you don't have to turn Down that stuff. They don't even come to No, no, no. I don't have to. Yeah. Yeah. I don't have to turn down those. But I did have to turn down a record deal when I was making the transition from one gospel label to You know a a a secular label. This guy was like, yeah, we we gonna turn you into this, this mega this.


And I'm like, oh, okay. So how is that gonna be possible? Well, the first thing you're gonna have to do is you're gonna have to learn how to butterfly. And I'm like, What? Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm like, oh, You know. Can you imagine me doing the butter As long as I am? He Was serious. He was Serious. We were in London. He was serious To the praise and worship. He wanted you about no secular Was gonna be like, You know it's gonna be cross over. It is Yeah. Kind of crossover and fusion, whatever. I'm like, nah, look At gospel. What gospel song was that Caribbean gospel applied to It.


We never found out. My my last question is, do you, do you feel because of your faith and because you do gospel music that you get put in the box? Oh, they tried years ago. I mean, they really tried years ago. Okay, so we are gonna put you in this little comfortable space and blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, I think we're bigger than that Because God is bigger than that. There's so many things that we could talk about. God being bigger than, I mean he is ultimate. So if God is everywhere at the same time, blessing everyone and You know holding The World together, why would I allow someone who has a small view of God to crush my big view of God knowing that I've lived long enough to see the bigness and the hugeness of God.


So I I'm telling you, it, it started when I was a teenager because I started singing in a choir. We were going all over the country and stuff. And then I had my first billboard song at 17 And I realized at that time, wow, I like this. I like doing this. And then I would see Tremaine Hawkins and Shirley Caesar and people like that, doing it for a living. I'm like, okay, God. Well, however you got to do that. Let's, let's do that. And I saw the kind of box they tried to put Tremaine in when she started singing solo aside from the Hawkins family. She had this amazing song.


You guys were probably too young to remember. She had this amazing song called Fall Down on Me. And it was talking about the Holy Spirit. But she had a couple of dancers. And Kevin Bond, who was amazing, was on one of the little piano guitar things running around You know. And it, it was a joyful song. Nothing disrespectful. And they gave her grief Mm. About that And. I'm like, wow. So I've seen that happen to other people. And I refuse to let it happen to me. I love God's timing in my life. It's always been about his timing and me wanting his time.


Because years later, I'm sitting here with The Breakfast Club discussing my 14th project. You know We sitting here with Yolanda Adams discussing her 14th Friday Today. But think about it though, if I had gotten mad at the producer who says, oh, you'll never sell more than this guy. You'll never sell more than that guy. 'cause there was a whole bunch of chauvinism in gospel music way back then. And instead of getting like upset, You know fighting back, I just like, I've taken my hands off of it and I've outsold those men. Some of them are gone home to be with the Lord and I'm still here.


Look At God. That's right. So I know what that feels like. But I also know what it feels like to tell young people like a Alexandria, like Tasha and like Kiki, she and all of the young people who I've mentored over the years, is that you don't have to be anybody but you. And you stand your ground If. you wanna sing a song that somebody may not agree with. You sing that song because somebody out there is gonna be touched by that song. I mean, open My Heart is one of those songs that you guys have played for years and we, we just celebrated what, 25, 26 years of Opened My Heart, And I Can't Go anywhere in The World and not sing that song.


Wow. Wow. So yeah. Well, let's, we love value and appreciate you Ms. Adams. Oh, I know you. Yes. And before We leave, we just add like You know. Can you give us a prayer before we leave? Absolutely. If. you Don't mind. Let's do it. Absolutely. I would love that. Lord, we are just so grateful and thankful that you have allowed us this time to spend together. It's been so amazing to be with these wonderful young people who are doing your work on a daily basis. They make us laugh, they make us think, they make us. Hmm. Wanna be better people. And so God, I ask right now that you give them the desires of their heart. Whatever those secret desires are that they haven't told anybody, give them to 'em and just bless their socks off God and give them more years, as many years as they want.


But more than anything, make them grateful for this platform that you've given them because it changes The World. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yolanda Adams, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us so much. Ah, No problem. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren. La News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody world. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa back.


And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So our potential first gentleman, Doug Kamala Harris's husband is all over the headlines right now. He is accused of slapping his ex-girlfriend. This is an ex-girlfriend from 2012. He's accused of slapping her so hard in the face that she spun around in a valet line. And this is according to three close friends who are in A valet line. So he was, she was outside. Yes. This is according to three close friends of this woman. Now, these three friends told the Daily Mail that back in 2012, their friend had met Doug. They met on like match.com. They went out for a date, like a casual match.com date bar, grab some food, grab some drinks, and they began dating.


They were dating for about three months when they decided to go to the Fem Festival and cans together. Now during this film festival or after the film festival, and they were You know allegedly, according to the friends drinking, having a good time inside. So they were lit after the film festival. They were in a valet line and they were waiting for valet. But the line was so long. This woman who is listed as a successful attorney in this article was like, You know what? I'm tired of waiting in this line. So she went up to the valet and she tipped the valet guy or tried to give the valet guy a hundred bucks so that they could skip the line. And I guess put his hand, her hand on his shoulder. When she put her hand on his shoulder, Doug then approached, and according to the friends, that is when he slapped her because he was upset and took it as she was flirting with the valet person.


Mm. So when that happened, her first instinct, she immediately slapped him back. And then she hopped into a cab and was trying to get away from him. Like trying to leave without him. But according to the friends, from what she told them, he then forced his way into the cab. Now while in the cab, the friends say that the woman got on the phone and called another friend, another attorney friend, who is the second source in this, in this story. And she told the attorney friend what happened. And she said that she was And I guess the friend is like, well, where is he at? And she's like, he's right here next to me. I called you though because I didn't feel safe. And I felt like getting on the phone with someone. Him seeing me on the phone with someone would make me feel safe. So the friend is just You know talking to her, trying to calm her down because a friend says she was like crying, really upset at the time.


And then they get off the phone and then later on, because she couldn't really talk because now her and dog dug her in the cab together on their way back to wherever the hotel they were staying at. Later on, she then told her friends more about the situation. And she said that he never even apologized in the cab. He only commented back about the slap that she gave him. And he made like some tennis metaphor saying, don't worry about it. You got one across the court and down the line. Now she did detail to the friends and You know had just been talking to friends about when they met. Like she said, when they met And I guess in the beginning of the three months, she would've never guessed that he was somebody that would've put his hands on her.


She was completely surprised. Even the friends in this article quoted their time together as like You know, kinda like a fairytale thing. Like he was a great guy. They dated, he even brought a allegedly according to the friends, she met the, the ex-girlfriend met the son, his son Doug's son, on their first date. Because I guess they went to this bar and the son was like somewhere local. So they all went back to a home and we're like, just You know, chilling there together or whatever. So I think that they thought that this was gonna turn into something more. But at that night when that happened, the woman broke up with him because You know. She was like, I'm not going on with this. Now all of this is following an interview that Doug with did, Doug did with Jen Psaki, where she called him the perception of masculinity.


And in this interview she talks a lot about how You know it's so admirable that he allows Kamala to be You. know Kamala, she's VP and he's first man and he's supporting her. And this is You know how men should be. And he's, he's responding a lot with like You know this is the right thing to do. You should be a supportive spouse. Women should be looked at as equal, not lesser than. So then all these reports came out and then now these reports are being coupled with the reports that came out a while back that Doug had cheated on his wife previous to Kamala. And he did attest to that. He released a statement saying that he did step outside of their marriage and that it was with a nanny of the kids who, with their nanny. With their nanny, who was like working at the private school that the kids was going to and that they had worked, moved past it and, and came out on the other side.


There are reports that that nanny had gotten pregnant within that time, but there she didn't decide to keep the baby. Is that true? Is that factual? I have no confirmation of that. And all of the articles only point to that being a report and it,


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay, here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I Don't know. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout mapping and we're living on the edge. Oh my God, I was not expecting That Baby. Like I always say If, you know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely expose the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk. And this is basket case. So I basically had What back in the day, they would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No babe, that's taken. We're in our own world, remember? Right? In our own world, we're two space cadets and totally Normal humans. Sure, totally normal humans Embark on a journey across the stars discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time We'll talk about life, love, laughter, and why you should never argue with your Copilot. Especially when she's always right. Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piling skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs And super corny dad jokes. Listen to in Our Own world, as a part of the My Cultura Podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes Most of the time.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kari's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse if that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Was not confirmed in his statement because he didn't address that. He just addressed the fact that he did cheat in the marriage. In reports also say that You know Kamala was made aware of this when they first started dating. They also let Biden's team know about this when he first reached out to Kamala to be his VP pick. But this whole slapping ex-girlfriend thing, this is, this is the new one. We haven't heard from anybody on this one yet. Oh, the election is 32 days away and it's October. So you gonna hear a lot of wild stories over the next 30 days about both sides. Okay. So a story like that, right wing media outlets will probably take it and run with it. Left wing media outlets will ignore it. You think they were holding it because it, it seemed like for him to slap somebody, it seemed like this should have came out when she was running for Vice p and And. I wanna say too, not to cut y'all off, but I wish She was running for president Because because I I, I know people were gonna try to say this as like a, oh well this is happening now because where Kamala is, these that is, that's exactly to read.


But these three friends wanna make it clear that in 2018 when Kamala went viral for going in on Brett Kavanaugh, they, she had told the friends then when it happened, And I guess that there were conversations then about coming out to the media, but they decided not to then. But so And, I'm just surprised that You know when she was running for president, what, four years ago that it, it didn't come out during that time. You know the election is 32 days away and it's October. Once again, you're gonna hear a lot of wild stories over the next 30 days about both sides. So a story like that, you're gonna see right wing media outlets run with it and left wing media outlets will probably ignore it. Should he address it? He, I think he does have to address this. I don't think So. Why not hitting a woman with the, the, the image that they've been painting him as this like supportive man.


Well, I Afraid to Well, both that and, and the alleged pregnancy of the nanny. Well, I don't think you have to address the pregnancy. 'cause he did say they stepped outside the marriage. I don't see what the address in the pregnancy as to that. But I do think he needs to speak to this. I mean, and if it happened, I don't know how that what will happen. But how do you prove it happened? No, I'm saying if he comes out and says You know what that did happen. And I went and got work. I mean, not got work, but I went and You know did the work, whatever he decides to say. I don't know how that affects Kamala, but I think you, you gotta say something. I Wouldn't speak on it. Well, the woman that he, that he allegedly slapped didn't say anything. Right. She declined to comment the woman there, she declined to comment. So so Why she Yeah, he addressed That. Didn't say anything. He said a precedent. You addressed the, the cheating allegation. So If, you don't address this. I mean, it's gonna look like I didn't hear that.


No, he did. He he gave a statement to CNN. Yeah. I never even heard that story. If she didn't come out, why? Why would he? I would say You know. 'cause at, at the end of the day, if she didn't come out, she might be triggered. I'm not gonna talk about something that's gonna traumatize somebody else. I'm, I wouldn't say anything either. Well, her Okay. And it's a distraction to your wife's Campaign. Distraction's already there now though, but We'll, I mean, we'll just have to wait to see. Right? Why don't You know? We'll just have to wait to see You know what's even crazier in the, in the grand scheme of things with all of the things that's circulating around presidential candidates, especially Trump. That's light. That ain't even like I know it's on the Trump page of the New York Post this morning. And I know Fox News will probably run with it. But that, that actually is light in the grandest scheme of things. Yeah. Well, we'll wait to see what happens if it even affects Kamala and also too iffy.


I doubt Speaks out doubt. Well, it's light because I think people are shocked by it. Like if this was Donald Trump, they wouldn't be shocked by it. They'd be like, all right. I don't, I don't think anything is shocking. No more really. I think. I think we live in an era where everything causes outrage and everything seems shocking. Therefore nothing is really outrageous and nothing is shocking. What's the last thing you actually heard in the news where you was like, oh my God. Baby oil. Especially in politics. Oh, you said politics. No, no, no. The baby oil. That was shocking. No, it was hilarious. There's a difference. We are not gonna baby down a baby hoy slippery rabbit hole. No, you're gonna wrap this up. There's The difference. And hopefully they wrapped it Up too shocking. Okay. Okay. All right y'all. That's hit for the second hour. All right. That was just hilarious. That was just with the mess with Lauren Osa.


Now, who you giving your donkey to? Mm, we does a man named Cody Adams. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. I have a theory man. And that theory is rockstar needs to push grant theft 4 0 6 up. Okay. Because people out here practicing. Okay. Real life practicing for GTA. We'll discuss it. All right, we'll get to that. Nexus. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. You Are checking out The. Breakfast. Club. It's gonna be Akey because right now you want some real donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. So If, you ever feel I need to be a donkey man? Hit me with the heat rock. Did she get Donkey? Any name, please tell me. Absolutely. I had become Donkey Of the Day. The, Breakfast Club bitchy we're donkey. Yes.


Donkey of the day for Thursday, October 3rd goes to an Oklahoma man named Cody Adams. Let me tell you something. I woke up feeling rested this morning, but at some point I got tired again. And I realized that I got tired because the news is draining. Okay? It just is because back in the day, they would say if it bleeds, it leads. And nowadays people can bleed without being cut because the new blood is stupidity. Which in a lot of ways I'm thankful for because Donkey Ofay is a segment that gives people the credit they deserve for being stupid. Okay? And I've done donkey today five times a week since December, 2010. So I just wanna tell all you jackasses, thank you. Drop on the clues bombs for all the jackasses out there, okay? Even though it is draining. And this morning was one of those mornings where I took two fingers, And I squeezed right between my eyes like this.


And I said, Lord have mercy. Okay? People can't be this stupid, but they are. Okay? See, Cody Adams is a man who is doing court on charges of possessing a stolen vehicle. Listen to what I said. He was doing court on charges of possessing a stolen vehicle, but he doesn't have a car, which is clear, right? 'cause he had to steal one. Didn't I just tell you yesterday or the day before? I don't remember. One day this week. Didn't I just tell you how much of a luxury having a car is? Didn't I tell you that some people would appreciate that? 2016 Nissan Altima, you take it for granted. Well, Cody is one of those people because he didn't have a car. And You know when you facing serious charges like possession of a stolen vehicle, you have to get the court to handle that.


You can't just miss your court date. And Cody Adams clearly understood that because he did what he had to do in order to make it to court to face his charges of possession of a stolen vehicle. Would you like to know how Cody got to court to face his possession of a stolen vehicle charge? Yes. Let's go to news five A, BC for the report please. This is Cody Adams. Shortly after Oklahoma Highway patrol troopers arrested him near the Pawnee County courthouse. OHP says earlier, Adams was at a gas station in Stillwater asking people for a ride to his court date in Pawnee when he couldn't find a ride. OHP says, Adams decided to hop in this unoccupied LifeNet emergency services vehicle and drive himself to court That was left on running and unattended.


They Say Adams took the truck on that 30 minute drive to Ponty and then ditched it. First responders had an idea of where that vehicle might be headed to. A Trooper caught him as he was walking into the courthouse. Adams saying he was just borrowing the truck. The trooper did. I believe he made sure that he made his court date. Now he still did make his court case. Again. OHP says after court he was transported back to the Payne County jail and booked on new charges. If, you're just joining us. Cody Adams stolen ambulance to make it to his court case for possession of a stolen car. Please, please, please. Rockstar games. Push up the release date for Grand Theft Auto.


Six. This is why all of these situations are happening because folks have a GTA itch that needs to be scratched between the guy who stole the car from the woman while she was in the middle of the sobriety test to this guy, Cody Adams stealing an ambulance to make it to his court case for possession of a stolen car. These people are practicing for GTA. They are trying to beat the high score in real life. Grand theft auto push the release state up. Rockstar please. Now the first thing I did when I heard this story was Google. If Uber is available in Oklahoma. And the answer is hell yes. Okay, it's available in several cities in Oklahoma, Tulsa, Oklahoma City, Edmund Lawton. Then I went to look and see what other ride shares are available in Oklahoma. They got ones I never heard of.


Of course they got Uber, they got Lyft, but they got pick transportation. Never heard of that. They got Curb, never heard of that. They got beer. Never heard of that. They got wings. Never heard of that. They got Flywheel. I never heard of any of those except Uber and Lyft. The point I'm making is there was absolutely zero. I mean, absolutely, positively. Zero. When I say zero, I'm talking about the number. Russell Westbrook War. When he played for the OKC Thunder for 10 seasons, there was zero reason to steal an ambulance. Now, I don't know this man's financial situation. I don't know what Cody got in his pockets. But if I couldn't afford a ride share, then I damn sure couldn't afford to steal an ambulance. Okay? Stealing an ambulance would cost you way more than just paying for a rideshare.


Look, man, maybe Cody felt the courtroom wasn't close enough. So why take an Uber when you can get a lights and sirens escort that you drive yourself? I don't know. I just try to make sense of these things sometimes because I don't wanna believe everybody is just stupid. But there is some very bad choices being made by a lot of people in our society. Once again, the ambulance cost you way more than the ride share. So why would you choose to pay that type of price? Because now you in jail, you gotta pay for bond, then you gotta pay for a lawyer. If, you had a job, you was missing work. Probably gonna get fired. It just costs too much. Anyone who ever said crime pays is a damn liar. Okay? Crime costs and it's usually a price that's too high to pay.


Let's look at the Brightside though. You pulled up to a court, you pulled up to a court case for possession of a stolen vehicle in a stolen vehicle, A stolen ambulance. To be exact, maybe he thought this could double as a getaway vehicle and a ride to the ER when the judge faints from laughing because we're all chuckling right now. Some donkey of days just sell themselves. Please let Remy ma give Cody Adams the biggest. He haw hee haw hee-haw. You stupid mother. You dumb. All right. What a strange world we live in. It really is an ambulance though. Maybe he thought that they was gonna be like, well you made it so we'll give you a get outta jail free card, but you stole the ambulance.


I just don't even know why your brain works like that. You're going to court for possession of a stolen vehicle and you steal another vehicle. What probably happened by ambulance said that? No. Why? What's up with your brain? What probably happened? He didn't do this so it didn't help. You gotta do this. He didn't do a little finger thing by the eye. You having problem thinking you gotta do this. He probably said, God, gimme a sign. And boop, ambulance, right? That was on. He said, this is my sign. No, Satan got a kingdom too. Y'all do know that, right? Mm. Satan got a kingdom too. And I. Think Satan got the same sense of humor God got. Okay, because that's just hysterical. We gonna put the ambulance right here. Leave the keys on running. He know he gotta go to court for possession of a stolen vehicle. Let's see if his dumb ass steals it. He down and me.


The making be bets. Okay. Satan, Hitler, they all down there making bets on You. know what this guy going to do. You see what I'm saying? I wonder who won. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, TUI will be joining us. We're gonna kick it with Tui when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Aria. Charlamagne Ne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa is feeling in. We got a special guest in the building. This album comes out this Friday. Ladies and gentlemen, tus, he's back in the building. Yo, what's, how you feeling? How you feeling, brother? I'm good. How y'all feeling? Blessed Black and Holly favor, man.


Yeah, he said something surprising just behind the scenes. He said he's probably the only person in has never been to a Diddy free call. Nah, he just got, he just got into the game. He just got into the Don't give this me no lie. I won't lie. Like the only thing I was hoping, like, 'cause I just seen y'all in the, the last interview we, I had the baby oil and here I'm like, I, I just hope I don't come in here and they got the baby oil, you feel me? It's right there. You wanted to take it? No, I'm behind the scenes. He said I probably the only artist crazy that s with Charlemagne. And then as soon as you come in, he starts with that. Yeah. Nah, that's my, but you just got, you just got into the game so you probably didn't get an opportunity to do Hell nah, I don't know nothing about none of that. Hell nah.


Nah, I don't know nothing about none of that. He staying far away, but jaded man. New project. That's right. Why that title? Man? Honestly, I was, I was at a point in my life where like I was just tired and bored with everything that was going on. I felt like You know my, my music kind of was reflecting it at first. And then I kind of like just sat and looked at The, World, And I was like The World kind of energetic space as well right now. Mm. Like You know everybody kind of tired and bored with everything that's going on. Ain't no music really sticking. There's nothing that's really lasting. So I'm like, I mean, why not call the album Jade It? How do you even make that kind of music anymore? Like how do you make the music that sticks? I don't even know. Regardless of how good something is, I don't even know if people's attention span can, yeah, that's the thing.


'cause I won't lie. I done heard some records this year that I feel like should've, like should've really did it. Like there's some great songs out there. But I mean, I feel like the the, the internet just done made everybody so equal. That's right. You know. And, and, and it changed You know the, it changed a lot about superstar status. So I don't know. It's hard. You, you seem like when I listening to jaded, it feels to me like you, you're, you still focus on like making records for radio for like mass appeal. I think that's a lost art. I try to make, I try to make international records. Like I wanna make music that people could sing around The, World You know. Like even if, even if I go to, whether it's like Asia or Australia, wherever I go, I want, like they could, they could vibe with the record.


They don't gotta, you feel me? Instead of it, it just being like just popcorn music. I ain't trying to make records for TikTok. It could go on TikTok. It go on TikTok. But I'm not trying to make records for TikTok. I'm trying to make hit records that last forever. I wanna be on a billboard top 200 charts for 683 weeks. Like, like the Drakes and the You know Sle the Scissors and like sle, like ss a fire, like artists like that. Like it's, it's some real talented artists out here and they don't gotta do much scissor, don't gotta do much. She don't even, whenever she drops, she don't go hard. Do you feel the pressure to match like your success of your last album because it went gold. Like it, it was just so, I'm sorry. Yeah, the just favorite song alone went four times Platinum. Do you ever feel like, oh that's gonna be hard to do again, I gotta get there.


Nah, not really. 'cause at the end of the day, like You know, like Charlamagne said, I'm at the end of the day I'm twosy. So like we can't ever take away from the fact that I'm twosy like at the end of the day, I gave y'all, I gave the people a great record. And You know in due time whenever it come like we got time to make great records, You know and we have great records. It it is just about You know when it catch the people eye and when it catch the people eye, it's just gonna You know it, it it is gonna have its time. So I don't ever try to match him be like, damn how I'm gonna do this again? 'cause it's gonna happen. You know, I'm I'm, I'm blessed it's gonna happen. And good for you for doing a record with Gunning man. Not worrying about all that goofy ass. Oh yeah. Street rules that don't apply to music. That don't apply to music. And that's my thing. I don't give a, I don't give a damn about no street politics and all that.


I don't get into that. Like if I wanted to do that, I'll still be out here doing what I was doing. You know I got a kid and all that. I ain't trying to be caught up in no street politics. Y'all I do that. Ain't nobody that's, that's worth no Bees out here focusing on no street politics. Free politics is punk. And I. That was never a thought when you said that. You just like, oh he fits this record, I'm gonna reach out to him. It was never nah, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When he did the record it was more so like, I appreciate it. I mean, me and gunna got some, some records together, so, and You know a couple months ago you, you and Shaq got into it. Yeah. What was that about? Man, you, you told you called Shaq a weird ass old head because you got in your baby mama d Yeah, a couple of months ago. I was like a year ago. How long ago was that? A while ago. Not too long ago. I but see that's the thing. I yeah, yeah, it was like, it was a long time ago it last year though.


Right. But I haven't been, I ain't been, I've been put up, I haven't been doing no interviews. So like that's really like the last I, I've been put up for real. So like that's why you put up, I've been put up, I been in crib that, That wasn't, that wasn't May, I don't know When it was. It was a while ago. It wasn't that Long ago. You do? Yeah, I've Been in the crib for like seven months. I ain't been doing no interviews. No, no dropping, no music, no nothing. I've been in the crib seven months. Last year was hectic for me. I needed some time with my family You, know what I mean? But he ain't put no comma in in in his sentence, you feel me? He said let me have that baby talking about he, so I'm like, I don't know what he talking about. And me like I'm, when it come to my son like I'm overprotective when it come to my son. So like when I read it, I'm like, like what you, you, you thought he wanted your baby?


I'm like, what you mean you want my, it's a lot of weird going on right now, you Feel me? It's a lot of weird going on. So when he said what he said? I'm like, yo, what you mean what my, but if I would've knew he was talking about my baby mom. Like, 'cause like at the end of the day, like I'm the type person. Like if Awo if a woman goes, she goes, she going, she's right. She ain't for you. If a woman goes she she gonna go, she ain't for you. But I thought he was talking about my son when I read that. So if I would've knew he was talking about my bm, I won't lie. I swear to God I never would've said nothing. Did y'all speak after who? Me and Shaq. We ain't never spoke. Me and Shaq ain't never spoke. Man. Shaq, Shaq worth some a beer or something. He ain't trying to speak to me man. So you thought he really could afford the baby? You thought he could? One thing about it, man, my, my son worth trillions.


He ain't, you feel me? Yeah. He ain't, ain't no ain't no it ain't even no dollar amount you can put on there. I don't lie. I do something to The. World. I didn't think he reacted crazy 'cause I saw what Shaq said too. And. I was like, that's Sha I didn't understand who he mean by that. I thought he was just, I thought he was using at the flirt with her. And you felt the way 'cause he was flirting with her. I didn't even think about The baby. Oh nah, I ain't never know man. It's so, man. Nah man, it's so many. Every time I jumping my baby when I dm she telling me she shows you all of them? Yeah. Why Y'all still, y'all still together? Yeah, That's my heart. That's my heart. That's my heart. But yeah, nah, like so why you acting like if Shaq called her baby, you wouldn't have ca Oh, I see what you're saying. If she didn't though, she would go. Yeah, If you didn't like, you confident you don't want her to go. I wasn't, yeah, I wasn't. Yeah, he just saying confident. Nah, but I wasn't worried about but he, he don't need to.


He, he, he big as hell too. He don't need to be worried about my baby mama. My baby mom like five foot two. He'll hurt. My baby don't need to. You don't know that man. He need to watch out man. You ever seen he looked like Wizard Kelly standing next to Yeah, but you don't know what he got. You know, I, I don't know. I that I don't know. You not be talking about that. You see what happens when you give him some hug? He just said that. I never did that. All that part You assumed I just want take some time to say I never said that. Let's just, let's, I never said that. You assumed it. You alluded to it like he two, he like what?


Shout to Chad Shaq We not in your pants. I don't know what show talking about this morning. Charmagne is in his pants. Yeah. Shot Kinky man. Nah, nah, but I, I genuinely with Shaq though. Like, 'cause at the end of the day, like you shouldn't say that after the conversation. Nah, you should have put a comma in front. Put a, you put i i his business as on a business aspect. You know 'cause all, all the, he done did as black man. Like it take a, it take a lot to You know become what he done became and do the things that he done did. So I, I just wanna say like You know if he was talking about my baby mom, I ain't really stressing that because I it's too many that do that. But I don't lie with, I thought he was talking about my son though. I ain't gonna hold you. I get it all. We got more with two C when we come back, let's get a joint off his project. It's called I Do. And it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Long morning everybody. We are The Breakfast, Club two C is here with us. His album comes out tomorrow. Charlamagne. Now You know on, on, on the okay whatever with Kalani. Yeah. You still seem to be pretty dedicated to being a player. Is that just rap? Nah, it was a part of my life. I'm outta that phase now, but You know mean I still wanna give it to the people. Oh, so, so on Fire and Desire, when you talk about getting the, in your car on the highway Definitely. And catch your feelings maybe. Possibly. That was a real experience. I could, I mean I possibly Crazy on She don't mind or she doesn't mind too. Oh Y'all just throwing it all. He just throwing it all that every time You said you wasn't to play back you that Was not everyone on the track list. I was. 'cause I was Why? I know you do. You do you pay attention to this stuff when people come at you and be like, why you don't put your baby mom in the videos and then Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Because I'm wondering how she be feeling about these songs unless they all apply to her. But the thing Is You know is though like with my baby mom, like me and my baby mom so close and like that's why like I see and that's another thing too, like I go out in The World. That's why I won't be focused on these girls too. 'cause like I go out in The, World, And I be meeting all of these girls. And I just be like, mm, like y not my baby mom. Like my baby mom don't ask me for nothing. She don't want nothing from me, she like, she do everything that she gotta do on her part. Like that's my best friend. We locked in. So like when it just, when it come to her, I don't really be focused on nobody else, but I'll say like, yeah, like she understand that Na, Azure and Tui is two totally different people.


Like at the end of the day I was tui before I was na sure before anything. But when we got together I was already twosy. Got you. So she, she get that part. Does she get jealous or does she understand the industry business? Nah, she don't get jealous. She joke with me sometimes like, Hmm. Like, like she might see me like, it was a little clip of me talking to India, but we was on set. It was a clip of me talking to India that had floated, floated around the internet, but we was on set and she'd joke with me sometimes be like, mm, what y'all was talking about You know. But she already know like, man, I'm working like TUI and Azure talk two totally different people. And I hate that. The, the people try to get that, those two collided 'cause they ain't the same people. Does she ask you about Fire and Desire when you talk about getting in the car highway, catching feelings?


No, she writing. She be right. She be, she helped me with my track list. Really? Yeah. But did she listen to the lyrics? Man, she listened to everything. She helped me with the track list. So the Fed to the feds that's out there. That was getting on me about the track list and the songs that's up there. Samaria helped me. So yeah. You said Tory Lanes is one of the most talented artists of the generation. Sure. Why do you say that? Why do you believe that? For sure. Shop Tory. I, I want to know somebody else right now who could drop a eighties project, another artist that could come around right now and drop a eighties project. I don't, I really don't foresee it happening. That's, and it was one of, that's one of the smartest things I ever seen. But outside of that, it's not many people that could do what Tory do. Like it's very few artists that could sing, rap, make any step in any lane.


Like it's very few, every artist got a lane. And with Tory lanes, with artists like Tory Lanes, Drake, there's very few that could Tory Lane's want to like him, love him, hate him, whatever the case may be. You gotta give people they flowers. I'm a realist. And, I don't care what nobody say about what at the end, the I'm gonna be me and I'm gonna speak on what I wanna speak on. He, he definitely one of the most talented artists. I mean, you talking about music like You know, I think that we live in this world where everybody want to mix. Everybody wanna mix everything. And that's the thing. Yeah. You talking about music, you not talking about nothing. Music. I never said the guy. I like the thing. Would it be like I never, I never said the guy was a great person. I never said no, none of that. I'm an advocate for great music and that he makes great music. So that's what I will say. I don't mix personal lives.


I I almost heard you say, you said it. People are rushing to love without knowing how to love or even who to love. Take your time. Love is not something to be taken lightly. Who put you, who put you on that? And was that for just like, people who are single, like perpetually single? Nah, it's, it's, it's for everybody, man. Like, I feel like love ain't, love ain't to be rushed. You know. It's, it's, it's, it's a process. And at the end of the day, I feel like when it come, it come God, God only gonna put in front of you what he feel like you can handle. So as long as you, you keep that mindset, you'll be all right. Like your person gonna come. So yeah, I feel like people would be rushing for love. 'cause they see the, the, the good stuff on the internet, the flowers and the bags and the, and the this and the that and the dates and the, it's a process.


What advice would you give to someone? That's good advice for single people though. I was asking, what advice would you give to a single woman, like in, in her thirties that can't find a man and, and actively look You see how you see they on their way over here. They on their way over here hit dogs'. Even talk about, I just, just what advice would, would you give a woman? Every, everybody, we all knew where y'all was going. Nobody called on you. Just talking about single women had nothing to do with you. So what advice would you give somebody like that? Like they said, man, Rowan wasn't built in today. I'll say that at the end of the day. Like I, I believe in things being preserved and things happening at the right time. So If, you ain't your thirties and you ain't, you ain't met love yet. You know. I mean like God probably God is preserving you for somebody special.


And that's, that's, that's for you. And And, I our God is protecting men from her until, that's why I started laughing because I the coming for real. She might not be the person that You know God want her to, to her talk to hers, let her know. But that's great advice she gave to somebody. Somebody that's out there. You talking 70% of the women, that's somebody out there for million people out here. Somebody over there. Nah, I won't lie to 70. My 70, my 70% think they in a relationship with me. Oh my 70. I love them though. They is Do you feel like You know back in the day that was a thing in the industry, right? Like they used to tell guys, don't tell women that you got a girl. Make people feel like they want you. Yeah, that's a, that's a thing. Nah. Or they can have you. Nah, that's, that's still a thing today.


Like right now, today. If you in a relationship to the artist that's out there, If, you watch this interview and you in a relationship, don't never go put your relationship on the internet. That's probably the dumbest thing I ever did. You know. But I would say like, I like it though. 'cause my my son mom got a platform now. You know. You know. And she able, she could use her platform to do whatever she wanna do. She she gonna make millions off that platform. You know. So You know. She, she got some, some, some things she working on and I'm excited about that. So outside of that, but yeah, If, you win a game, don't man, don't put your in. That's, that's the worst thing I ever did. You know. I don't, I I don't see it work for anybody. I've never seen it work. I don't know a successful relationship that's in the, like somebody that's in the game with a successful relationship right now.


And if anybody do know one, tell me please. I think Meth Man said the real, asked him what was the key to a long lasting relationship. He said Keep, keep everybody out your business, keep everybody.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay, here it is. Smash your pass, spit play. I Don't know, I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout, we're living on the edge. Oh my God, I was not expecting that baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Definitely Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks. Stephanie exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh look, If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show chauffeur the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends that a children's Christmas Play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey. But this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No babe, That's taken. We're in our own world, remember? Right? In our own world, we're two space cadets and Totally normal humans. Sure, totally normal humans Embark on a journey across the stars discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time We'll talk about life, love, laughter, and why you should never argue with your copilot. Especially when she's always right, Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piloting skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs and Super corny dad jokes. Listen to in our own world, as a part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes Most of the time.


How out your business. That's the only way to man. Listen, I'm trying to tell you once, like I cut ties with the internet in my personal life, my career just started going up. And what's up with you and Kai tonight? Did y'all figure out who Forehead was Bigger that was on the internet? Nah, I don't lie. I I definitely think it's mine though. My jump big. Oh Yeah, your hat really did help. Yo. Well hold on. Jesus. Damn. That was crazy. Y'all violent black man, black men. I didn't mean it like that. That black man. That is not true. That is not true. You gonna go with them? Travis was her screen table. Whoa. Yeah, she loved Travis Kelsey. That is not true. He was not my screen share. You gonna listen to these people, you Whole That was crazy. That was wild. Only because I seen the video ain't in person.


I understand the comparison Ain't even, it's a bit bigger In person. That was violent for no reason. But You know what they say. You know what they say about Big Foreheads, right? No, I miss that one. I Don't either, but I I just figured like Sha got a big forehead And you was just on his side. I I I really can't, I yo I don't know if I could trust any of y'all right now tell you envy. It's you though. You know mean. I told you. I told you. We alright Sy we appreciate you joining us. Always a pleasure, brother. Pick up the project this Friday and it's called Jaded. And thank you for joining us, brother. I appreciate y'all. I'm so sorry you had to go through that. I'm, I, I won't lie. I went through might been more with you. What? You just for no reason, no reason at all. The forehead did it. I didn't mean for no reason did it?


I would lie. I'm not, I'm gonna keep my head on all day. It's tuy. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. You'll never see me pop up with a headline. Lauren LaRosa just told me behind the scenes, don't you do nothing crazy and try to pop up with a headline. You'll never see me sneak off because I feel the Salt pepper is cool. But don't come in here with no Nah, nah. Some hand plugs. I ain't got no time For that. That's not happening. You can't grow no hair. We all The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. You music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club, she's a coaches.


Lauren, Lauren LaRosa And I got The mess. Don't talk to me. So at Diddy, accuser, Audria English, who was known as I'm unique, is the accuser who said that Diddy sex trafficked her during a time where she was like flown out to a Labor day on white party in the Hamptons. And she was originally supposed to be there just like as a dancer. But then she was like later drugged at and threw her drink and, and You know forcibly made to have sex with people for money and all these different things. So yesterday her attorneys filed to be able to withdraw from representing her. Now they tired, they went out and there are a bunch of different reasons why they went out.


But most importantly, they're, they're saying that they're receiving and, well, first and foremost, they're saying that they're receiving conflicting instructions that make it very difficult and unreasonably difficult to effectively represent her. Now they didn't list exactly what these conflicting instructions are because they're saying because of attorney client privilege, they didn't wanna put it in documents because they know these documents will become public. But they are asking to have a private conversation with the judge in quarters. Now they, they did mention that these instructions that were conflicting, pertaining to what she alleges in her filing, which is what we just talked about and say that her demands were ever evolving in very conflicting as well. They said that the instructions were construct were instructions that went to defendants, which would be Diddy and his team in this scenario and other third parties.


Now, the second reason why they went out, they say that there's a breakdown in attorney-client in the attorney-client relationship. So they say that on top of the instructions that they're receiving from her, just basically being confusing. There are some irreconcilable differences and they're saying that You know they don't wanna get into the irreconcilable differences, but these are things that is making it difficult to the point where they can't communicate with her effectively and they can't lead her effectively. And they point out that normally when someone says that there's a breakdown in attorney-client relationship, this is a clause that if a judge says, okay, this is actually happening, a judge can rule. Okay, y'all can get on up outta here. Even if the client is saying no, that's not happening and they need to stay. Now the third reason that they went out, there's four reasons, is irreconcilable differences.


They kind of break it down a little bit more. They say and and they reference the a NY state rule that says a lawyer may withdraw from representation when the client insists on taking action that the attorney does not agree with. Now in this case, her attorneys do not agree with certain settlement demands that she has been bringing to the table and wanting them to execute. They don't agree with her undermining behaviors and questionable actions that she's been demonstrating. And they say because of a lack of disrespect, how she talks to and how she deals with the attorneys, that there has become tension. So it's just difficult to work with her. Now the fourth reason is there, I guess there was some sort of agreement between an additional agreement. So they agreed to represent her and then while representing her, things just got so hectic they had to come up with an additional agreement.


So on September 24th, they went to her and said, look, everything that you're doing, you're gonna not only mess up your own reputation, but you're gonna mess up this case. Mm if we, if you're planning to go forward with it. And they set this new agreement. She was supposed to, I guess follow the terms of the new agreement, which would then kind of, they were trying to protect her and protect the lawsuit in the case that they filed. She violated that two days later on September 26th. And after she violated it, she began to text them right after, like, as if nothing even happened. Now the attorneys do say that they were actually contacted by another attorney who said that Andrea had reached out to this office to represent her because I guess she knew it was coming to an end with the attorneys as well too. So the judge shouldn't have any reason to say, to let the, the lawyers withdraw.


Now, normally when a judge is thinking about a reason why a lawyer can withdraw from a case, you have to think about prejudice and you have to think about the timing, right? So is this gonna put your client in a position where they don't have enough time to build their case? So they point out early in the game, in this law, in this, this filing that time will not be obstructed whatsoever. There was something that was due from their end of things on October 1st, which is, which was two days ago. And they've already asked for an extension on that timing. So her new attorneys will be able to do that. And as far as prejudice, that's why they left a lot out of this withdrawal withdrawing filing because they don't want any prejudice or people to be able to form an opinion about her from this. So they're like, look, we didn't already dot da da i's crossed our t's.


Please, please let us on up outta here. So a judge will have to make a determination if, if this is something that will make sense and it'll be following that conversation. Now, it'll be really interesting once this conversation is had and once the decision is made, what comes out as far as the details, like what was so damning that they thought, yo, we gotta get up outta here, that they thought the filing in the case will be damaged. Because I think that'll speak to whether or not the attorneys believed the claims were even valid. Right? Based off how she was moving once the claims were filed. And I will mention that this is also the woman who, she went back and filed a police report years later on this situation after she filed her civil suit. And at the time, Diddy's attorney said like basically anybody can file a civil suit. So let's be You.


know what I mean? Civil lawsuit. So lets be clear. You just spit a lot because I'm confused too. That was a good job though. Yeah, yeah. What you tell me what you're confused about. 'cause if you're confused, the people are probably confused. So I break it down. I'm I'm just curious. So, so this, they're pretty much backing out because they believe that a lot of the stuff that see, that she said is not true. Well, I can't, I can't say yes to that a hundred percent. That is my interpretation of what I think it is. Okay. And the only reason why I can't say yes to that a hundred percent is because they left out a lot of details because of Attorney Klein privilege and because they didn't want The World and us to be able to look at her and make a judgment or anybody else. So defense. Right? Gotcha. So I can't say that, but from what I'm reading here, it sounds like, I wouldn't even say that they don't believe what she's claiming, but the whatever she claimed, they're saying that her actions following it make no sense if what she's claiming is true.


And also she's just difficult to work with. She's a hard client to have and she's not following their instructions and they're the attorneys. They know what's best right now. Didi's, What are the instructions though? Why do you need instructions? All she should be doing is telling her truth. Right? Well, they want her to be quiet and only say it when the attorneys allow it. Oh, gotcha. Not just go and talk to Interviews. I mean, I think, I don't, I I don't even, maybe it's that they don't, they don't specify, but they also do mention something about communications that were being sent to from the plaintiffs to the defendants. So from the accuser side to Diddy side, they're saying they're, she's basically confusing them. Like she's asking them to relay things that don't make sense. She's making demands for certain settlements and different things that in their opinion do not make sense. She's trying to do their job allegedly, Allegedly And I and, and just wanting them to do things that they're saying this makes no sense.


Gotcha. So either it makes no sense because they don't believe now to your point, the claims or it makes no sense because it's just not how they would go about it. I can't answer that question. Gotcha. But either one of the two is enough for them to be like, we need to get on about here. Now I do wanna mention that Diddy's team did release a statement when this filing happened. They said less than three months after the filing, after filing her lawsuit against Sean Combs, Audrey English has been dropped by both of her attorneys after making completely fabricated statements in papers filed with the court today. Her former attorney cited Ms. English, Ms. English's questionable antics and undermining behavior. As we've said from the start, anyone can file a lawsuit without proof. And this case is clear, a clear example of that Audrey English escalated things by filing false police reports and making basis claims using high profile events as a backdrop to harm innocent people.


No matter how many lawsuits are filed. It won't change the fact that Mr. Combs has never sexually assaulted or sexually trafficked anyone. So they're standing 10 toes down. And as I said earlier, they did say when she first filed all of this, that You know anybody can file a civil suit. So that's true. Another thing we just gonna have to file and see, but this, this, even if she gets another attorney, this isn't a good look for her at all. Yeah, I mean, and the crazy thing, if If you confused now is only gonna get more complicated because you got what, 120 more cases coming from the guys in Houston. You got women, you got guys. When the men start talking about Diddy touching their butts, it's gonna get complicated. Oh, that's not gonna get confusing. You gonna explain that one right to me? I know that I was about to say, I mean, I don't know anything about that on a legal level. Not on a legal level, but I mean on a, I don't know that, I don't know that level either.


Okay, all right. But it's going to get complicated. Who would say behind you? My baby oil. Oh, That's, you see that? Why do you love That? You see what signed by Back to get that baby over. But Envy put that back. I didn't put that, I did not put nothing back there. I'm So close to the baby oil. You said don't worry. You could fill us in on everything we're confused about, about the touching, the rubbing and the button. Listen, I'm learning, I'm learning more. Can you turn Nala's mic on Now? Here ladies and gentlemen, lemme tell you something. I'm learning more and more how to use AI and stuff every day. Okay? So envy. Keep it up. He He may not, he may not be in no tree golf tape, but he will Playing with me. Alright, playing with You. How, let's, let's, let's go. Let's Just, thank you. That is just with the mess with Laura la I have you on this.


Sucking a rapper's tit and it won't be a woman. What's wrong with you man? Not why the accent though? We vy. You better. You better. I'm Wrapping it up. It's The Breakfast Club. Yeah. You chicken out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa's filling in for Jess. We got salute to Yolanda Adams for joining us this morning. Man, what a pleasure to have. Yolanda Adams here man. Salute to the Queen. Yolanda Adams. You has a new album out called Sunny Days. Sunny Days. That's right. That's right. And Tui you stopped through as well. Jaded Tuy. Jaded You know N is here nla. You doing something with Tussy tonight, right? Yeah. We got a listening party at Lost Paradise Tonight.


A certified Vibe event. So make sure you guys are SVP. But yeah, I'm excited. And I saw Yolanda last night at the Kirk Franklin concert. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How Was it? Incredible. I heard it was dope. Incredible. You feel like giving your life to the Lord now? I already did that. Okay. Just make it Show. Yeah. Yeah. I walked by Faith, but I fire love Kirk Franklin love Yolanda. The Clark sisters was crazy. Yo, one of them is 75 still on tour performing Fred Hammond also crazy. Sorry not to go on a You giving glory the the God's messages. I know. You don't gotta say sorry about that. When you on here shouting out all the ratchet, you don't say sorry. Well, but y'all here shouting out to God. Parent people, you apologize.


Well, I'm saying 'cause we don't play gospel music. But I'm just saying I had a great time at the gospel concert. But You know why we don't play gospel music because there's a bunch of heathens that run this racial station. Don't Let that. Don't let, don't let, don't let, don't let the people people say that they going It's gonna be a podcast about you. I don't care. Yeah. Shout out to them people. What's some Christian brothers name Podcast? Because something music. No podcast. Christian Podcast. Man. Them brothers are doing good stuff Out there. They had a really good conversation about why paid for radio and a bunch of different stuff isn't centered. They basically said that because you a Heathen, Lauren, Mind you, I'm a Goding woman. I hit my God, my life to God this year. The balance is there, baby.


But I have a good time and I'm growing in God. And that's what Yolanda Adams taught me yesterday was okay, SLU to Brothers. But no, that conversation was dope though. People should go take a listen. Holy Culture Radio on Sirius xm. They're on Sirius xm. Channel one 40 SLU today. Enter On YouTube too. Radio Brothers. Right? One sister on there. Right. Salute to 'em. Yeah. They they, they said Lauren going to hell No say they also said y'all. Oh, his is the, is the problem too. No, they actually said we're growing and we're evolving. That they Did. They said, they said in the beginning, you ain't make it to the a baby. I watch The thing. But I I I do agree with what they said about I Agree a lot of what they said. I agree with what they said about You know radio programming. That's what I, I said that on one of the breaks. You know like we, that's why they call it programming.


'cause we can literally program people to like certain things. Right? But we're not programmers. No, we're not the program. They did say that. They said, because I was saying that like, you have to play what's popular. And they was like, that's not true. You, your radio makes stuff popular. And I was like, I don't know If that's the case anymore though. And the reason I say that is because of social media and the way people can go on Title Stream, on music, Spotify, go to Apple and listen to what they want to listen to. I don't think you can just program people to like something anymore. Yeah, I think you can. I just wanted them to understand that. Like I said that not because I'm like, Ooh, if I like pray for you. No, just they were saying just repent Lauren. They were saying, said Lauren, they Want You to repent conversation across the board. I repent all the Time. But are you Baptized? Yes, I am. And. I. Like I said, shout out to Cesar Greatness and Delaware went for this bath. I gave myself to God again this year.


So shout out to Pastor Jerome. Oh, all of my, my support that knows that I'm growing with God. That's right. My testimony is playing out in front of The. World. There you go. And tonight we gonna be outside with Tui. Oh boy. And tonight we're gonna be outside with Tui. Make sure you guys pull up. We're gonna be at Lost Paradise. This is certified vibe. Shout out to Jesus man. Shout all. Well we come back. Positive note. The Breakfast. Club in the morning. Shout to Jesus. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. I just wanna remind people that my fourth annual mental wealth expo is happening October 12th. Okay. At the Marriott Marque in Times Square in New York City. If, you are in New York. Pull up. It is a free event open to all ages. I have some of the best mental health professionals in the business. Dr.


Rita Walker, the author of the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health, Dr. Alfie Breland Noble, my man, Dr. J Barnett. Elliot Connie. Just to name a few. They all are going to be there for a day of mental health in healing education and honor of World Mental Health Day. This is my fourth one. If you've been to the first three, then You know it's a beautiful event. Like I said, free and open to all ages at the Marriott Marque in Times Square, October 12th, 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM my fourth annual mental wealth expo. Go to mental wealth expo.com for more details and my positive note today comes from the great Malcolm X. I just wanna say this because I do believe in defending yourself when necessary.


So Malcolm X once said, be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone. But if someone puts his hand on you, send 'em to the cemetery. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all Finish or y'all Done


Happening now on the iHeart app, we're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As Vice President and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number One rule, don't read the comments Nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% at free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the Other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Here episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


Hey, I am Jay Shetty And. I'm the host of On Purpose. This week I had the opportunity to speak with Dr. Andrew Huberman. Dr. Huberman is a neuroscientist and professor at Stanford University School of Medicine, known for his research on brain function, behavior, and neuroplasticity. The brain's ability to adapt and rewire itself. The expectation on us is not perfections, being able to toggle between these different states. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.