
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now, back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely Worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be Shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Here we go. Popeyes. Here we go. What do we want? Popeyes Chicken Wings. Why do we want 'em? They're the official wing of watching football. What flavors are we going to get? All of them Be more specific. Sweet and spicy signature. Hot roasted garlic Parmesan, honey, barbecue, sweet and smoked. Chipotle and Honey Lemon Pepper. When do we want 'em When we're watching the game. That's right. Game time is wing time. Woo. Let's go that chicken from Popeye's and participating us restaurants


one of the biggest things in America's culture. They not like us. Think everybody should go on The Breakfast Club. You wanna shake it up? They not like us. The. Breakfast Club. DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm the wild card. Keep the real and Charlemagne to God. I'm a lovable athlete. Or your clown. Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes You gotta pop out this show Today. Now let's begin. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Good morning, Lauren. LaRosa. Good morning. Just, just out Charlemagne to God. Peace To the planet is Friday.


Good morning. Good morning. I can't see bail on my, my, my, my phone. Man. I can't see you On the tv. God, God, don't, God don't help. God. Don't wanna bless your eyes. Why? I You know he was talking about you. That's True. God don't wanna bless your eyes. First of all, when anybody says Bay, they You know when I'm in the room, they talking about me. There we go. I see Bay. Now. I see Bay. You seen me. Have you ever seen me? Because after this, I being ridiculous. Lauren, you got eyes. Good morning, everybody. I set You up for that one. Alright. I know. Well, good morning. You're still out in DNC? Well, yes. I'm at, well, the DNC convention is over, but you're Still, you was there from yesterday. Yeah, I was here yesterday for night four. I was there for night three and night four of the DNC last night was the main event.


What you think the the vice president spoke? I thought she was solid. I thought she was solid too. I thought she did her job. You know. She, she laid out the contrast and You know what the, they have done the Biden Harris administration and what she will do with her administration compared to Trump and You know what he has done and what he will do. So she, she laid out a few of her policy positions, policy positions. She laid out her plans on how to rebuild the middle class. All ever wanted someone to tell me how they gonna put more money in our pocket and how they gonna keep us safe. And that speech laid that out for me. So yes, You know I'm good, I'm Good. They also told us You know for everybody that was making up rumors told us who she was as a person, how she was raised. But you were in the building. So how did it feel? That was a little slow. It was a little slow. Oh, how did it feel? Oh, no, no, no, no. A hundred thousand balloons came down.


You know. People thought Beyonce was gonna perform it. Looked at that, that that was so terrible. I, I, I heard that rumor all day yesterday. They said, they actually said Beyonce was gonna perform at Soldier Field. Where Soldier Field. Soldier Field is a football stadium. United Center where they played ball and hockey. I believe. I know it's hockey. I mean, I know it's basketball. I think they play hockey there too. But the Soldier Field is where the Chicago Beds play. And they said that Beyonce gonna play at Soldier Field. Then that room, it turned to Beyonce and Taylor Swift are gonna perform at Soldier Field because they Were saying like it was a break in the schedule. And then like the, yesterday when it, I mean, Tt that's what many people believe it. Look, We gonna get into it today. Y'all, y'all know we gonna get into TMZ and Don Lemon. Give Don Lemon his credit for being stupid too.


Come on. Well, I think it's because people trusted the source. A lot of it, I, I, brown girl Grinding reported it as well. Once TMZ broke it and they had it exclusive and All that stuff. Who's the source? Lauren? Who? I think the source was the way that the, the way that the story was set up. I think that it was like probably law enforcement officials. No way. Because If, you read the story. They, they base it on the fact that PD said that they had to beef up You. know what I mean? Because Beyonce, y'all still listening to Diddy coming around? Not pd like Diddy, You stupid. She talking about the police department. Chicago PI don't know who the source was, but when I read the story, that's what I took from it. Mm. So yeah. Yeah. I ain't see Yeah, sleuth. I know It wasn't her team. They, they ain't miss at the event.


She ain't giving out no stories like that. Hey, drop the cruises ball for the Secret Service. Man. I don't know who, I dunno who, I don't know who Trump had with him on that playful day, but the Secret service that I saw at the DMC all week, them guys is super solid. They wasn't playing a lot of black people. Lot of black and brown in the Secret Service too. Mm. Lot of black and brown. They don't, they like, they look like Gi Joes, like Stone Troopers, like Big D The last people If you don't no problems with. Yes, they protect. Nah, nah, nah. Oh, she Was with the brothers. I don't know who, it don't look like the ones in the suits and the shades that look suspicious and You know look like they just dead for show. These guys look already for action. They're ready for Action. All right. Yes. And the a hundred thousand balloons that fell with balloons everywhere.


It just looked everywhere. It looks like a huge beach party slash Super Bowl slash concert. And Angela Ryan kept telling, trying to get me to, she told me to take a balloon home to my daughters. Like, what? Why you Gonna take it on? No. Were they branded? Did it say stuff on it? No, it was nothing special. Just balloons. Red, white and blue balloons. I mean, it's the, it's the, yeah. I mean, yeah. He gonna take that balloon homie. We got that inflated. Get on a plane with it. You put Something balloons. Them balloons. They were stale too. 'cause they was there all week. 'cause I got there Wednesday and them balloons was already hanging up in the Raptor. So they've been there all week. I'ma stale as balloons. Hot ass hair. Your Daughters wouldn't have been like, oh my God, this is so cool. They would've been like this. All You know no Balloons. Yes, very much. I forgot y'all kids is rich kids. I'm gonna travel with balloons to the airport.


That just looks stupid. Take that air out and then put it in your bag. That's what she said. That's what Angela said. I'm like, I'm not doing That's, You can just get balloon team when at Party City and blow up. Say, came from that. It's not the same. Don't, How about, how about Been hanging out with Kamala? Them balloons ain't been hanging out with Kamala's different. Hey, You right. But my daughters will hang out with Kamala, so whatever. Look, I said I forgot. I forgot who kids I'm talking to. Alright. Right. A little kid like me would've just had to get a balloon. Let's get the show cracking now. Should have bought you. I should have bought you one. Could have been so happy. I Would've, I would've hung it right here. Rub it on your new grill. Kemp. Go ahead. Alright. Well, Charlemagne was at the DNC, so he was kicking it with a bunch of people yesterday. So we're gonna talk to them. Right. Who, who'd you kick it with yesterday? Last night?


I kicked it with a lot of people. I think this morning we're going to air Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Of course, we spoke to her. She, she spoke about her You know speech this week. Governor Josh Shapiro, a young content creator, man, who I really, really dig. Young brother. He's only 12 years old. Named, named Noah. Noah You. know Noah. Lauren? No, I don't know. Noah. Noah, Noah. No. Yeah. We gonna talk to Noah and we gonna talk to a couple of the officers that were there on January 6th. You know for the Capitol riots. Yes. Alright, we got front page news. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura Laro is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan.


Good morning. Good morning. Happy Friday from Chicago. Yes. So the Democratic National Convention is officially in the books. And last night, vice president Kamala Harris took the stage in Chicago and officially accepted party's nomination for president. And her remarks. Harris touched on a range of topics. Let's hear more from the VP's speech at the DNC On behalf of everyone whose story could only be written in the greatest nation on Earth. I accept your nomination to be president of the United States of America. The path that led me here in recent weeks was no doubt, unexpected, but I'm no stranger to unlikely journeys.


In many ways, Donald Trump is an unserious man. But the consequences, but the consequences of putting Donald Trump back in the White House are extremely serious. He plans to create a national anti-abortion coordinator and force states to report on women's miscarriages and abortions. Simply put, they are out of their minds. I promise to be a president for all Americans.


You can always trust me to put country above party and self. Yeah. I love that speech. I thought it was amazing. I thought she, she broke down every policy. I thought she talked about herself. It gave you insight of her life. I really enjoyed it. I really enjoyed that speech last Night. I thought I, I, I thought it was a solid You. know what I liked about her speeches. I get tired of hearing about You, know how bad Trump is. But she pointed to what Trump has done wrong, but then also pointed to what she wants to do in contrast to that. So Right. And she Made it easy to understand too. Yeah. When I was watching, I thought it was solid. What was crazy though, I know you guys were actually there, but in between her speeches, the commercials, I guess Donald Trump paid for commercials.


They were nasty. So it, it would go from her speaking or somebody speaking in, in the Democratic party about You know Democrats, what they were gonna do. And then they go to commercial and it was Trump saying pretty much f everybody. It was crazy. That's, that's what she showed me. Wow. Just like she runs her commercials on Fox News when they going in on her. I think that's good. I mean, there was so much going on yesterday. But I, the big thing, another one of the big things was the rumors were false. Okay. Beyonce did not make a surprise appearance at the Democratic National Convention. Now, TMZ reported the singer would come out to support Vice President Kamala Harris on the final night. However, about halfway through Thursday night's event, a representative for Beyonce announced that she was never scheduled to be there.


And the reports of a performance were not true. The same for Taylor Swift. I mean, there was so much speculation that Beyonce's plane had landed in Chicago. Taylor Swift's plane had landed in Chicago. And if I may just challenge everyone to just do their research and take what you heard with a grain of salt You know, especially if it's not firsthand information and it didn't come from the source. Yeah. So, oh, Morgan, you absolutely right. I forgot about that one. I I, the room, I heard the rumor about Beyonce performing that soldier field. But then I did hear that, that somebody literally said, Beyonce's plane landed two hours ago. Yo, That's crazy. And then Somebody, then somebody said, Beyonce and Taylor Swifter here. I was wondering how TMZ was gonna come back because they broke that story exclusively. They updated last night. They, they said to quote the great Beyonce, we gotta lay our cards down, down, down.


We got this one wrong. That was a good way to say all the Way wrong. They Got it wrong. The only thing about that is, is there's certain You know places that people go and they really feel like their news is true. Right. When somebody dies, most of the time, first place you're gonna go to TMZ, right? Yeah. If it's entertainment news to see if it's true. Yes. And it's sad that when You know, when you see that it, it wasn't true. It happens sometimes, man. It happens. What? If you die and you don't even know you dead. And you gotta wait and you check your TD and they tell you that you dead. Then what? I would check my WikiEd about that. I would check the Wikipedia, not the TMZI Don don't get it. If you die. You don't, don't it. Just don't. It's crazy that you still listen. Yeah. And I figure out. And in the next hour, we'll we'll talk about what's happening on the other side.


Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up. Now's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla man. Dany, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what, it's We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Anna from Columbus. So Ohio. What's Up? Hey Anna. Good morning. What's, seems like you lost your voice. Morning. Good Morning. Good morning. Hi guys.


I've been calling And I sent an email to, I'm not on social media, but I am a registered voter in Columbus, Ohio. And I'm fired up. I'm ready to go. And I want y'all to tell everybody to go out and vote You. know what I'm saying? Because this ain't a game. They ain't playing with us. Who you voting for? You already know why you gotta Ask. No, I don't. That's what that's what I'm asking. Who you voting for? Kamala? Duh. I'm a black woman in America. Okay. Kamala. That's Kamala. Kamala. Her niece told you how to say yesterday. Did you watch the DNC last night? Of course I did. What did you think? I think that we have to be serious.


That's right. We have to be serious. The way that we haven't been serious in decades. The Voter Rights Act continues to be chipped away by the Supreme Court. We have to be serious. Absolutely. Ej, if y'all read my email, I go into a lot of detail You. know what I'm saying? It's hard for for us to stay attentive and stay active when they say this is the most important election. That's wrong. Every election is the most important election. You right. And how old are you? How old are you And? I'm 33. Okay. Yeah. They gotta stop that rhetoric too.


I hate when they say that this is the most important election of our lifetime. They say that about every election. I do agree that this is the most consequential though. Hello? Who's this? Yeah. I saw Fat Joe last night. He gonna walk up to me and touch my beard. Talk about why, why something. The time when you can rewind the time. I'm like, I'm like, I'm letting the graves flourish, bro. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello. Who's this? Eric? What's up? Envy. Oh, what's up Trav? Hey Trav. Yeah. Chilling. Chilling. What? What's up Lauren? How you babe? I'm doing good. I ain't talked to you in a minute. Yeah, It definitely been a minute. Definitely been a while. What's up Charlamagne? Peace sis. I heard you voting for Trump because you want him to abolish gay marriage.


'cause you can't find a man. So you don't want nobody to be able to get married. If. you can't Jesus, any troops to that. Listen, I I I'm calling it to tear down light-skinned people today. Right now let's Go baby. Lemme do that real quick. Let's go, let's go, let's go. I am Quick on the hang up, Chad, so you better be fast. I just wanna let y'all know. Light-skinned brothers, Chris Brown cut his hair. You know he got the little bald thing going on now. Light-skinned brothers feel like they can go bald. No. Y'all still gonna look stupid. All y'all not Chris Brown. Y'all gonna be walking around looking like envy. So please, I'm gonna be, you and You know what's so crazy. Travis is something real. Oh, beige men with bald heads look sick. No they don't.


No they don't. They do. They look like they look sick, bro. Yes they do. No they don't. It's just truth to the matter. Beige men with bald heads absolutely. Look sick. N Tell he look like a pretzel Stick. I mean, just look at him. I'm, I'm trying to find some bald light-skinned men, but I ain't gonna look that up Chris. A Bunch of Them. Brown is bad with his bald head though. But Chris Brown You know what Chris Brown got like tats. He it's You know it's a lot. Common Is a light skinned brother. What common Is fine. Yo yo yo wife gig. Gonna think you gay gig, gonna find your searches and be like, why you looking up Baldhead light-skinned men? God Damn, damn Nb. At least he got good taste. He went common first. It's six something in the morning and you searching common.


Look at you over there with who? Look at you over there getting bricked up. He's picked You know there getting bricked up, searching Baldhead beige men. Boris, Boris, Cole, Joe Light-skinned Damn Envy. Your taste is immaculate. You up. Keep going. And You know what's so crazy. He's looking Cool J Light-skinned brother with, with a Bullhead LL Brown. But he's looking through these men and he calling out all the fine ones. That's what I, Because you ain't justing an amazing taste. We got him bricked up. He's stand up right now. He got a stiffy and them Godspeed sweats. What's wrong with y'all? Get it off your chest. You guys are You. know what I got the cargoes on today? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 that don't leave you alone. You guys are crazy. Sweat. Tuck it in your pocket.


What's wrong with you man? Tuck that rocket in your pocket. What's wrong with y'all's? The? Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess Solaris Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me.


So a lot of DNC talk this morning and last night there was a lot of heavy talk on just different celebrities and different names and people from the community getting on stage in support of Kamala Harris, but also setting the record straight about a few things. One of the, the people I thought was really interesting that honestly when he came out I was like, or when I saw him on the schedule, I was like, oh, he's speaking. That was pretty smart of her campaign was DL Hughley. So DL Hughley came on on stage to apologize in front of The World for some of the comments that he had. And he's done this before, but he wanted to do that, the DNC as well. Let's take a listen. And I made assumptions about Kamala's record And I often repeated them to a lot of people. Then one day Kamala invited me to her house. She put her hand on my shoulder and she asked me to do some research.


Something I had never done. Something a lot of people I know had never done before. Imagine attacking someone's character without a single Google search. So I did what I should have done in the first place. I I learned that she had done for us exactly what she promised to. I believe that your apology should be as loud as your accusation. And I'm here apologizing in front of the whole damn world. They used DL Hughley as the poster boy for all misinformation. And DL gladly accepted the role. I don't think DL should have accepted that all on his own, even though he You know he he did it on his own. But there's a lot of people who spread out, spread a lot of misinformation. He should have, he should have used a little bit more of y'all's. Yep. No, not just me for real.


I a lot of people, all of all, all of us. A lot of people when I hear them talk about, like her track record as a prosecutor or whatever, whatever, they lean towards a lot of different names in the community. But I, I just thought that it was You know. Like I was happy to see him come out on stage and do that. Especially at that night because I felt like there were so many people that were tuning in because they wanted to hear like policy and all that stuff. So it was good to see the public apology and for him to admit that he, he messed up, he got it wrong. And and he already had did that. He did that on his radio show already. So. Yep. But I hope it, I hope it changes the way if, if anybody was out there that does anything in media, whether it's podcasts, whether it's radio, whether it's tv, whatever it may be, they, to understand the power of knowing the truth because those lies could have hurt her.


Could have hurt her campaign, could hurt anybody. What you mean could have they did hurt her in 2020. Yeah, You're right. Well they did. So then we had a ton of other people came on the stage, but another group that I thought was really interesting to see on stage and what they spoke to was the Exonerated five, formerly known as the Central Park. Five. Let's take a listen. That man thinks that hate is the animating force in America. It is not. We have the constitutional right to vote. Right. In fact, it is a human right. So let us use it. When I say one day I want you to say, see us one day, see us when day, see us, when they see us, America will finally say goodbye to that hateful man.


We'll say what I have said after seven long years of wrongful incarceration. Free at last. Free at last. Free at last. Thank God Almighty. We are free at line Yusef Salaam, Cory Wise, Raymond Santana and Kevin Richard are the exonerated five. And the point that he was making, he was referring back to when Trump had called for their execution when they were first charged with everything. And they were basically, because You know Trump. He put out a newspaper ad. Yeah, put out the newspaper ad. But he doubled down on that way later. So they, they wanted to make the point that You know Kamala's talking about moving forward and not going back. Trump is stuck where he, where he's at.


So we need to You know, recognize that and, and move forward. But the most important to me as a black woman who people spell my name wrong. They call me different names that are not my name. This was my, one of my favorite parts. And it was also so cute because Kamala's nieces were a part of it. The only name they call you that they shouldn't call you is Lauren London LaRosa. But continue, keep going Lauren. I am, I am Carrie Washington. Olivia Pope was on stage and she set the record straight about how you say Kamala's name. 'cause y'all been mixing it up my face. It's not that difficult. I don't understand why people, how many, so many people get It wrong. It's that difficult. They didn't seen Chameleon. I didn't see, I think some people do it to be smart too, but and that's, that's very annoying. Let's take a listen.


We don't have that audio. Okay. Well basically they wanted you to know you don't have that Audio, the audio that, nevermind they's been everywhere all Night. They want, they wanted you to know that it's Kamala and you guys know she has the hats now where it's like the ka


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heights baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the senior you have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season meets new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings Sports Book the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut. Help available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


And then Nila. So she had her two nieces come on stage tour, gorgeous. And Carrie Washington kind of got down like in on a knee and kind of gave them the mic and they did the, the crowd chant, which is such a good thing to see them do because that just means people are energized and wanna participate. So one knee said on this side we're gonna say comm comma. And on the other side we're gonna say love la la la comma la la la la. Yeah it was, it was. Oh, we Don't have the audio though. Can somebody explain that to me to tell me? Come on And I know we're on air. Let's share this with our listeners. Why don't we have the audio guys and girls too much inside information. So on the right side they screamed Kaa. Yes. And then on the left side they scream LA and then it was Kamala and that's how they said that's how supposed to pronounce her name.


Exactly. Which was very cute. And. I. I hope she Mike, she drops that video anytime somebody gets it wrong. That that's right because that's all they're explaining she needs to do. But in other news and in explaining juvenile, so yesterday And I actually the day before yesterday, but yesterday this video started to really pick up online. Juvenile had went live. He was on a plane, he was flying from Mississippi to Dallas Fort Worth for a show. And when he got on the plane he had some issues. Let's take a listen. They tried to kick me off the plane. Y'all, they trying to kick me off. America. The first crowd we have to suffer. They tried to take me off the first class. Where are you trying to put him at? We gotta put him in Coach.


Oh no, you ain't put me in no coach man. Ain't put me in. No, absolutely not. I'm a celebrity. I'm telling it's going, this is going be repercussions. It's going be repercussions to this because I'm gonna get off the plane and I'm gonna get off the plane. I'm not gonna let y'all dis disrespect me like that. I'm not gonna let y'all choose me out all the people on the plane and disrespect me. So I'm gonna get off the plane outta all the people on the plane. Y'all pick a celebrity America Airlines, all the money outta spend with you. They gonna put me, they going to try to put me in. Coach Mother ain't never flew Coach y'all. They was trying to make juvie back that ass up to coach on, on on the 25 year anniversary of back that ass up.


They wanted juvie to back that ass up to coach. If the flight attendant had dropped a song when they were saying that like, if I was juvie, I would've swung on him. But so basic Did He, did he buy a ticket though? Yeah, he bought a first class ticket. So basically what happened, I reached out to American Airlines and they sent over a statement. And what they explained was that it was something that they couldn't even control. They had a a a a process area era where basically a smaller plane is what came in. Like the plane switched last minute. And that happens sometimes because planes are coming from different places, things are delayed, whatever. So it was a smaller aircraft and because it was a smaller aircraft, there's then less seats in the main cabin and in first class. So there's a automated system that randomly selects people who would then have to downgrade their seat because of that.


And from what I was told, he was one of those people. So it wasn't intentionally done, but they said that they did reach out to him and apologize and that they were rectifying the situation. I don't exactly know what they did rectify it, but I'll have a update soon there. Yeah. That, that they gave him more miles, I'm sure. Yeah. That something. Oh they probably paid for that fa but You know that happens a lot. Like if if there's a, a storm and like you said a a a different flight you have to take and you pay for a first class seat, they just put you in whatever seat it is and they usually refund your money. But not, they don't make you sit down first. That's the problem. 'cause he sat down, they, they had to scan his ticket in there. And I think that was so frustrating because he was already on the plane. It looked like they were about to like You, know what I mean? And his wife. Yeah. Yeah. Him and his wife and his wife was saying how we're sitting next to each other and y'all didn't select Moie but you guys selected his.


So, and that's just a big inconvenience. Last minute you find out something like that. So I understand the frustrations for sure, but I'm so glad they didn't nobody drop the song on the plane trying to be funny. No, Not at all. Would've been crazy. Alright. And, and and hold on. And I don't know if we got enough time, but You know. Lauren was talking about the people who at the DNC on stage. There was a lot of people at the DNC who I saw You know behind the scenes as well. I saw man, my man Yo Gotti was there. Dave Chappelle. I saw Dave Chappelle, Tiffany Haddish, You know our good friend to the room flame when Roe was there. Lynn Whitfield, she was there with her fine. 71-year-old self. She saw me last night. She say, she said, what'd she say? She said, Charlemagne, I've always loved your head. And I melted right then and there, That mike cake to see you coming.


You doing all that leaning. You need to relax. Listen man, I'm a sucker for an older woman. You hear me? Okay? I don't even, Yeah, she didn't Say that. She probably said, I promise you Lin Whitfield said that me Last night, she probably Bald ass. It's the same way. Somebody called him a snack and now he think he uncle snack. First Of all, one thing about them. Older, older, older black women appreciate this. This is nineties rom com. I'm nineties rom fine. Okay. All right. So, so, so, so they appreciate This. No, they trying to make up for all the trauma that black men went through back man. Please couldn't make up for now. They please. Now they've been to therapy, so they feel like they gotta nurture you. The thing about Lauren Generation, they, they got them new STDs that messed with they eyes You. know what I'm saying? They got that new brand of chlamydia. That new chlamydia messed with your vision.


The OG can still see ch chlamydia Alright. Over there looking like a pretzel stick. You need to relax. Alright. Alright guys. Alright. Just need to relax. Settle down. Settle down guys. All right. Thank you for just with the mess with Laura la Now when we come back, Morgan will be joining us with some front page news. So don't move Vista Breakfast local. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj, nv Jess Aria. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah. So former President Trump, he's reacting to vice President Kamala Harris' speech last night at the Democratic National Convention. Let's get into the audio and hear more from Trump. She's not having success. I'm having success.


I'm doing great with the Hispanic voters. I'm doing great with black men. I'm doing great with women because women want safety. They want safety. I'm surprised he was up that late 'cause he, that was a late one last night. I'm on On truth social. He ain't hitting the same though. He's not. I I'm, but I will say those tweets last night, hilarious, funny, funniest he's been since he got shot, shot at. But I do agree he's not hitting the same. He, he, he is spiraling. Mm. So on truth, social. Yeah. Trump posted in real time during the speech questioning why Harris hasn't already accomplished the policy she was promising. He said she's had three fair question, three and a half years. She's had three and a half years and has done nothing but harm. He later went on Fox News where he claimed Harris didn't talk about crime or how 70% of people are living in poverty.


A number that the census shows is closer to 12%. Now the Trump campaign is also teasing a special guest for of, for the former president's rally today in Arizona, there have been reports that independent presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Is considering dropping out of the race and endorsing Trump. So again, talking about policies. Now, Harris, during her speech, she did talk about some of her policy notes. She said, ending the housing crisis, issuing middle class tax cut, restoring women's reproductive rights, passing the John Lewis Voting Rights Act, signing the bipartisan border bill, ensuring America has the strongest and lethal, most, the strongest and lethal fighting force honoring the troops and getting the hostage and ceasefire deals done, while also supporting our allies like Israel to defend itself.


Now meanwhile, a former Republican congressman had some choice words for Donald Trump at the DNC. Adam Kissinger of Illinois was one of only 10 Republicans who voted to impeach Trump after the January 6th riot. Of course, at the DNC on Thursday night, Kissinger endorsed Kamala Harris for president. Let's hear more from himss. I've Learned something about the Democratic party. And I want to let my fellow Republicans in on the secret. The Democrats are as patriotic as us. The Republican party is no longer conservative. It has switched its allegiance from the principles that gave it purpose to a man.


Only purpose is himself. I mean, I respect it. I I I mean, but does that kill his political career? If he had one as a Republican, It should be. I don't, it should Mean being honest, but Yeah, but don't to your point. I, he, yeah, I don't think they like it. You know. Yeah, I don't Think they like it. But I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't think parties should matter, man. I think you should just vote for whoever the best candidate is. Agree. Regardless whether you're a Democrat or Republican. I hate these people who are just beholden to their party. Just because like You know If, you don't Yeah. Like what your party is currently doing during the presidential election, then You know you might want to vote the other way. I don't have a problem with it. That has been a common theme also throughout the DNC Is purpose Over Party or You know, putting yourself a a country over party is what the, the saying has been.


Also, who took the stage? Civil rights leader, Reverend Al Sharpton, North Carolina. Governor Roy Cooper, Massachusetts. Senator Elizabeth Warren, Arizona. Senator Mark Kelly. He also took the stage with Gabby Giffords and Pop Star Pink. She's the one who performed. And when it comes to sports and politics, basketball superstar Stephan Curry, he endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris in her bid for the White House. And a surprise video that played at the DNC Curry voiced his support for Harris. Let's hear more from Steph Curry. I got to visit Kamala with my team in the White House last year. And I can tell you one thing I knew then. And I definitely know now the Oval Office suits her. Well. This is about preserving hope and belief in our country, making sure families can be taken care of during the most precious times.


Yeah. So he said he believes Harris can bring unity back and move the country forward. Curry also said that Harris will make sure that families are taken care of. Of course he said that. And on the first night of the convention, Curry's Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr also spoke in support of Harris. Now You know, I, it's always interesting when I see people like Steph Curry do that because You know, like I said, the the, I was talking about Keenan Thompson yesterday. Most people in that position don't want to turn off any Audi, any audience. Right. Because You know Steph Curry sells jerseys to everybody. He sells sneakers to everybody. Absolutely. So it's always interesting to see, it's always interesting to see people like him step out there and do that. Take a Stance. It goes back to that Jordan conversation. And, I don't know how true that was when they asked Jordan to back somebody back in the day.


And he says he wouldn't because he said Republican Republicans, Democrats buy his sneakers. Right? So You know. That's why he never stepped into that world. So yeah, like you said, it's, yeah, it's, it's, it's dope to see Kurt. It takes Boss. Yep. That's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and make sure you're following more news coverage at the Black Information Network. Download that free iHeartRadio app and visit b news.com. Talk to y'all. Have a great weekend. Alright, Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Charlemagne was at the DNC the last couple of days and last night he got a chance to speak to a bunch of people. Yes, I was at the NC last night man broadcasting with the Native Land Podcast. The Native Land Podcast is the first podcast, the flagship podcast, off Reason Choice Media with iHeart, hosted by my good sister, Angela Rye, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross.


And we spoke to a lot of people yesterday, but this hour we're gonna talk to Jasmine Crockett and two of the cops who are actually at the Capitol on January 6th. Harry Dunn, an Aqualina ell You. know, they, they, they were getting busy. There's a viral video that shows this big dude You know, really fighting off protesters. That was Harry Dunn. And we gonna talk to my man Noah. Noah is a young 12-year-old content creator who does a lot of content that is politically driven. And we gonna talk to him when we come back. Alright. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. Filling in for Jess now. Charlemagne was at DNC the last couple of days and he got a chance to talk to a bunch of people. And we're gonna get some of those back on. So this one right here is his conversation with Jasmine Crockett. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. We are thrilled to have joining us Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. And getting Pulled in all directions there. She's, I love that test we introduced while you were walking up. How you doing sis? I'm doing all right. Great. Tell us how you prepared for Monday night, Congresswoman. Oh, When You gave Your speech, there was a lot phenomenal speech, by the way. There was a lot of drama, so thank you so much. So I, I won't go into all that it took, but what I will say is that in the moments that I was supposed to be getting on stage, it's the first time I've ever gotten nervous.


Wow. So for two hours I was actually getting physically sick. Oh. I had to take medication and everything. And so I was just nervous that I would let her down. Aw. And I did not want to let her down. And then as we are making history today, what most people don't realize is that Kamala Harris was making history for me. At the same time, there's never been a black woman freshman that has been allowed to grace the stage of the DNC ever. Wow. Until me. And so it was a huge honor. And at the same time, while I didn't wanna let her down, I also didn't wanna foreclose on opportunities for those coming behind me. And I knew that there were a lot of people that were probably like, ain't no way you gonna let the wild wind do it.


Ain't no way y'all let. Yeah. Right. That's the one we want to see. Everybody wants it. Absolutely. Oh man. And so You know as it relates to kind of the process, I, I felt like they was trying to sanitize my speech a little bit. I was like, Uhuh Uhuh. Yeah. Spice gotta save. Well, you have more alliteration. Well, the alliteration came out at least five times. Wow. It was pulled out five times. And then I put it back in And I said, lemme tell you something. This is who I am. This is what this speech is gonna be. Because the only reason anybody would wanna see me on the stage, it ain't to see me. It's to actually hear me be me. And so it was a bit of a fight. But You know, I, y'all know, I stand my ground for sure. Absolutely. We Appreciate you for doing that. And, I.


And, and again, because I stood my ground, I also was nervous because then it's like, well, you can't mess up, you can't fumble on a bag. Yeah. Because you really stand so strong and, and confidently in it. And I am thankful that it was received seemingly in a, a decent way. Were You were far from fumbling anything. By the way, anytime I've ever, I've ever heard you And I've I've spoken at these convention before. I know the exact process you were talking about the edits that get made. Yes. And the fact that you have to be literally strong and as Angela says all the time, 10 toes deep. Yeah. And what, or down, down. I do not toes deep down you trying to be very and Me something at the, but guess what?


10 Toes down. But guess what? I'm not in all that. So when I heard you say, I was like, that's pretty decent, Andrew. You're acting like a white man. I go back on other, I'm, you could stay off, but I'm talking to you now. And the point is, the point is, Congresswoman, I couldn't thank you enough. And. I just want to encourage you every day of the week to continue to be that. Right. Thank you. Every Congress deserves a truth seller. That's right. Thank you. Every Congress, at least one. Can I ask a question? I You know we open the show tonight with a Georgia State rep of Palestinian descent speaking about the protests and the plight that's happening. Something that's made me a a, a bit uncomfortable with this.


I'm so excited. And I've been so full of celebration with having a me and us poised to lead this country. And then I was torn as we drove past protesters last night. And it just feels like this push and pull. 'cause as black women, much like the CBC, we are the conscious of the country. Like the CBC is noted as being in the conscious of the Congress. For the people out there who feel some of that same torment with who wanna stand in solidarity with the Palestinian people. And it seems like The World has turned their back on them. I'm just curious what your thoughts are given the division, all the diversity we've seen and yet this division remains so pronounced here. Yeah.


So I'm gonna say that it's not an either or. It's an and. Yes. You know. The, the issue that I I have is that I think that we need to go ahead and be real about the fact that anyone that is uncomfortable with suffering is actually just being human. That is what it means to be human. And I think that we should all You know, hug each other and say, listen, this is what we should be doing in this moment. These two girls walking by. So we're waiting. Hey Fred, they all instructed, Hey Dave. No, no, no. So I think that we should say it is the right thing to do. It is the morally right thing to do. To care about suffering. Not just as it relates to the Palestinians.


Yeah. But suffering anywhere. 'cause we can talk about this today. We can talk about Congo, we can talk about the streets in the United States. That's right. We should all be compassionate about suffering in general. At the same time, this is going to come down to two people. Somebody gonna be the president of the United States. That's right. It's either gonna be the guy or it's gonna be the woman. And right now I can tell you that it has to be the woman for me. And and that doesn't mean that you are going to agree with her on everything. I think that this was elaborated in a way by Michelle Obama. Michelle Obama You know we continuously seek perfection. One of the things that I used to say on the trail all the time, specifically when I was out there for President Biden, is that there is no perfection walking on this earth.


Not at all. Yeah. And And I would definitely say it when I went to the black church. And I would say, we always want our preachers and our politicians to be perfect and neither one will be you will always be let down. But we are supposed to fight for a more perfect union. Come on. And fighting for a more, more perfect union means that you continuously engage in conversation and communication and you move the needle. That's right. Let me tell you something. There was a point in time that nobody would've ever imagined that Joe Biden would do anything on student loan debt forgiveness. Yeah, that's right. And who led the way on it? It was Joe Biden. That's right. But guess what? There were people that were pulling him and telling him that that was the right thing to do. So I'm just saying I need them to understand that we can't sit this out.


Yeah. Yeah. Because the suffering that we see in Gaza is only going to get worse if Trump ends up being the one that ends up in position. Because let me tell you, they have been on the house floor and they have specifically said, just go comb. That is what they said. And you won't find that on the news. You gotta go to cspan and you can see them talking about the people of Gaza. I can tell you that we had three packages that we voted on. The first package was to just send money over to Israel and defund the IRS. The second package was to just send money to Israel. The third package sent money to Israel, but it also sent aid to Gaza. It sent aid to Haiti, it sent aid to Taiwan.


It did more to make sure that we could also help those that are suffering. These people don't care about people that are suffering. That's right. It's the same reason that they are only looking to do tax breaks. That's right. For people that are at the upper 1% and they don't care about the people that need $6 a day to eat. I'm trying to tell y'all I hear you. That we don't need to vote against our interests. I hear you. And it doesn't mean that either one of the administrations will be great on everything that you care about. Absolutely. But it is your job to push an administration that at least somewhat closely aligns with your goals and push them closer to the finish line. But More Perfect. Absolutely. That's why you would, Congresswoman, thank you so much.


Good You. Know what I mean? Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Alright, well salute to Jasmine Crockett. Now when we come back, Charlamagne, who else did you get a chance to kick it with? Ah man, myself, along with Angela Rye, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross, collectively known as the Native Land Podcast. We sp we spoke to man a couple of the cops who were actually there on January 6th.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Tara Raji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the


funk. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent, All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seeing Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Man. I think that these, these two brothers stories are very, very, very, very, very, very interesting. So when we come back, we're gonna talk to Harry Dunn and Aqualina Ell. Alright, We'll get into that. Next, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are. The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. Now Charlamagne was at the DNC for the last couple of days. We just played the conversation with Jasmine Crockett. All right. Now who we kicking in with next? Charlamagne man. We are talking to Harry Dunn and Aqualina Ell. Harry Dunn and Aqualina Ell. Were two cops who were there during the January 6th. Insurrection. You know when Donald Trump led an attempted cool this country. So let's, let's talk to them, man. We always hear about these cops who You know sacrificed their bodies to protect people.


Here's two of 'em. Harry Dun and Aqualina Ell. Hey, y'all. Hero. A hero, soldier. Hero. He's a huge, recognize him. We saw him a lot during the impeachment hearing. Yeah. But where we first met him was on that fateful day, January 6th when you saw somebody out there throwing bows out there, handling folks. And also on that day, on January 6th, officer Dunn was joined. And I don't, I don't want to mispronounce your name. So tell Tell us how to say your last name. Aki. No. Al Aino Ane yes. Just break it down. A Thank you. And you also had a harrowing testimony during the impeachment hearings as well.


So I, I just can't say enough how we are so thrilled to be joined by two American heroes that day. And I. Wanna kick it off with you? Harry You know firsthand. You were literally on the front lines. Yeah. Wishing the MF would, okay. Yeah. And you let a few people know. What are you most concerned about with this election cycle? And do you think that there is potential to see more political violence? I know we're keeping hope. Yeah. And, and talking You know a lot of positivity, but this is a real situation that exists out there with people who are disproportionately armed to the rest of us. What do you think about it? What are your Thoughts? Let's talk about it. Well, first of all, on January 6th, we, I did my job as a police officer. That's right. On January 7th. I did what I'm doing now to this day as an American citizen who loved his country.


It wasn't even about Capitol Police from then to now. And I was fighting for accountability for everybody responsible for the, the downfalls of those days, including Donald Trump. Accountability serves two purposes for the people who were aggrieved, who they felt some type of harm. It provides some type of closure for them. And also it serves as a deterrent. That hasn't happened yet. Yeah. So what's to keep it from happening again? The Supreme Court, they just said, Donald Trump cannot be held accountable for residential Day. That's right. Right. King. So, so what is to stop him from doing it again? If. you remember in the first, in the debate with Joe Biden, they asked him three times, will you commit to accepting the results of the election? It would answer. He couldn't answer it.


That's right. So he's planting the seeds already to his supporters for the doubt. And that's what January 6th was about. It was about a lie. They thought, he told his, his followers, his cultist, that the election was stolen and that's all they needed. If the most powerful person in The World tells you, go March on the Capitol, then you gonna go do it. I mean, my mama tell me, do anything. I'm empowered. Can't nobody tell me do nothing. Right. So imagine the most powerful man in The World saying, go do. It's you gonna feel empowered to do it. So he's already planting those seeds. And yes, to answer que yes, it can happen again. And there's nothing really stopping it from happening again. But us. But us. Hello. What did y'all, what did y'all think was happening on that day when everything first started, You know, occurring?


You know, at first we, we thought that it was gonna be non-violence. There was, there was kish, like we, normally we do from time to time, but not to the level that very same president who's supposed to have the wellbeing of the country put in jeopardy the safety of every elected official inside the capitol. And then not only did he do that, then he sat down, sat on his behind, and not do anything to prevent any further violence. When I was in the tunnel fighting with a mob with roughly 30 to 40 officers, side by side, shoulder to shoulder fighting, holding down the line in the tunnel, I was asking myself this very same question. What is the president? Where is our help?


Where is our reinforcement? Because this happened in broad daylight, 16 blocks away from the capitol. Me as a military person, as a veteran, as somebody who went to combat And I know the chain command. The chain command ends at and begins with the commander in chief. Who was the command in chief at that that day? Donald Trump. Yep. What did he do? He had a damn thing. He put everybody inside the building, including the officers at life arrest. And we protected your elected official, whether you were from Georgia That's right. Or California or New York. That's right. New York. We pro we protect him the same. Yeah. I didn't care whether we wa it was a OC or my utility green. I didn't care.


Yeah. We protect them both the same. And to hear that today, there's a report that he's planning to do a gala. Y'all see that for the January 6th Sister. Sixth rider, a gala. He awards gala for January 6th. For next month. Yeah. Next month. For Next month. Not for the officers who risk their lives. Yeah. Because they claim that the, we, we are the party of law and order. We are the party that support law, the rule of law. We are the party that support the police. How is that supporting the police? If, you are celebrating and not denouncing the violence that people did to the officers. Yeah. People died.


And that's what I did last night. I tried to convey that in my, in my speech last night. Because look, my story is not, is is is something that everybody should know. Yeah. I'm literally the embodiment of the type of immigrant that they Yeah. The Republicans say that they want in this country. And asking, ask me how many of elected faial Republicans have talked to me about what happened to me on January 6th. Two, Liz Janney, Liz Chaney and Adam Kinser. Yeah. Wow. Nobody else. I had passed a lot of them. And none of them not even can get themselves to say. Yeah. I'm sorry for what happened to you. Now that I'm asking, thank you for what you did.


Look, I came here when I was 12. I'm sorry. I'm, I'm I I came here when I was 12. I, I struggled. First You know with, with family, with adapting, assimilating. Yeah. I overcome those things. Yes. I got an education. I joined the military. I went to fight for this country overseas when my government told me to, whether I liked it or not, I did my job there. I kept my duty, my oath. Yeah. When I came back, I finished my education and then I became a capital police officer where I was for 17 years. Until the injuries that people that claim the law police officer agreed me. They damaged my body.


Damaged my health. Yeah. Damaged my career. And then they had the audacity to tell me, I did it for you. And then they call me. You are a traitor. Yeah. Because you stop me and my people like-minded people like me that support that. No Trump. Well, You're certainly not a traitor, neither of you. You are heroes. And even if Donald Trump won't tell you thank you at all. Thank you. We thank you for your service. Just one quick question real quick. How did y'all show retrain and not turn it into a blood bath? Because y'all could have easily Just pulled re I don't even know if it was about restrain, man. It was just about survival. Man. I, I was armed that day with a long gun. An AR 15. The You know the ones, the guns that we don't need on them streets, right? Oh yeah.


They know. They the ones that we don't need on the streets anymore. But I, I wasn't going down in a crowd of, you go in there, you pull your gun out. Our former chief wrote a book. We were out number 58 to one. You pull your gun out, then what? Who, which one you gonna shoot? Right. Who you show first. Who do you shoot first? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You Can't just fire indiscriminately. Yeah. And I think that just shows the professionalism of what police should be. Wow. Right. What people should be. Wow. Not just in bus because come Up upon of hot water. Look, We were just fight to use force. We chose not to because we didn't know who was had weapons in dur side. Yeah. And in my belief, when I faced that decision, 'cause I almost did, especially when they were driving, whatever happened to Fanau, fanau relieved me.


And when I got a chance to go back into the fight, people Were Trying to put me into the crowd. And I didn't do it because somebody else hit, another officer hit the person who was dragging me that damaged my shoulder. By then, I was hurt and injured. Look, we were justified to use lead force. Yeah. What we didn't want to do was create a bigger situation that we we're already out number. Anyway. Yeah. Thank you you so much. Thank you for having us. Thank Y'all For the service, Man, much. Thank you so much. Appreciate. Alright. Well respect to those two brothers right there. Now when we come back, absolutely. Charlemagne was at the DNC. He spoke to a bunch of people and when we come back, he spoke to a young brother named Noah.


Man, my man Noah was taken, his is a content creator on, on, on, on Instagram. He's only 12 years old. But he is very, very, very, very, very interesting. I think he's the future governor of Georgia. We gonna talk to him. Alright, We'll do that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Laura. The Rosa is filling in for Jess Charlamagne's out at the DNC and he's kicking it with so many different people. And up next you kicked it with a young man named Noah. Yes. Man. Noah. Noah is, Noah was taken on Instagram. He had a viral moment recently when he got into it with a Republican politician, actually at the DNC because he was pressing him about some very simple questions. But I I, I like Noah, man.


He's 12 years old. I I really think he's gonna be the future governor of Georgia one day. So we gonna talk to him seven years Old and pressing. It's crazy. Yep. Press like pressing, pressing like silk press. Yes. Like Kamala Harris's silk press. Absolutely. Right Now we Have young Noah, A internet sensation. Yes. Noah was taken and Noah was taking us, joining us today after tearing a grown man to Shredz yesterday at the convention. Tell us what happened. Yeah, I saw Mike Linde, And I asked him a, a respectful and quick question, but he got mad and acted like the big bad wolf and decided to take it personally. He started to get all up in my face, but, oh well.


Gosh. No he didn't. Oh. You know. He didn't, how old are You know it was taking 12, a Big 12. He got a big old man. Got in a big 12 face. I wish I was, I swung on, on him. No, No, no, no, no, no. That's How I would've I'm sure you would've tell us what happened after that before the nod. And I Was swinging. Yeah. And then I asked him a few questions he couldn't even respond to. He had no real answer whatsoever except for his personal grievances. I ended up fact checking him later. Everything he said was completely false and never happened. Wow. What Was the question? What? Do you remember your initial question to Him? Yeah. I said, why are you denying the results of a completely fair and free election? Okay. Wow. And he started naming these people with the names and the fancy names, but he didn't gimme a last name.


And. I couldn't he all, all he said was the first name. He said, I didn't wanna give their public name out there. If you're an elected official, your name should be out there. Absolutely. Right. Especially if you're representing me in my state of Georgia. You, I should know your name. Right. So he didn't wanna provide any of that. So it was almost impossible to fact check. So, So future governor of No. Of Georgia? No. What what got you into politics? Young man. Stacey Abrams who just walked by us. Okay. What hurt you was energized by her campaign. I Was energized by her campaign. Wow. I love that. Thank You. Where you go to school? Homeschool. Homeschool. Boy. Yo. You got a great teacher. Yeah. Whoever they, The mom is right, right here, mom, Off camera taking pictures.


A proud mom. No, I wanna say that you have done what so many of the mainstream media have failed to do. You asked a poignant question. Yes. Yes. You, I saw the video and you demanded that he cite his sources. Right. And, and, and held him accountable. So I'm so impressed with you. What, what do you I know Charlamagne has, has spoken into that. You'll be the governor. Yeah. I I'd like to speak that over you as well. Co-sign. Is there, is there something other ambitions that you have in, in your life? Well, Well, yeah. I would love to continue to be able to promote the Democratic Party and all of their accomplishments. But other than that, I wanna continue doing what I'm doing. Does it hurt you that you can't vote yet? That you, you six years away from being able to vote Six, six years? I can't encourage folks to vote.


So that's enough for me. I can, one thing you can't do, you can do, when you can't vote, you can walk in the polls with people. That's right. Yeah. So I can walk into the polls of hundreds of family members, And, I that it counts just as much. If You If you could vote in this election, this fall. Tell me who you'd be voting for. Absolutely. I see he's got a PenFed on It. Okay, so you're not gonna let him answer The question. Oh, okay. Yeah, absolutely. Kamala Harris all the way. Give me Three reasons why. Three Reasons why First of of all her policy platform. You're gonna ask the policy platform, huh? No, you don't What You know already know her already. I I wanna hear that. No, I platform How she's not Donald Trump and she's just has a great way of energizing the country.


And her policy platform is critical to that. Yeah. Yeah. I love, love it. Love that. Thank you. Thank you so much, brother. I love your confidence. Do we have space for another cohost? Thank you. I do. I we, we might, we could do that the next time we go to do a live show that that's right. Be in Georgia. We gonna go on, come to Georgia. You joining us brother. You gonna come back? We want everybody to see you. Wanna help, Need a podcast or something? Leave me the Podcast. Him being so Choice, choice Media, the podcast. Love, like he breaks things down. So concise and so simple. Good. And I. Think that's what people need. I love Would you do a podcast, Noah? I would love to do a podcast. What? Okay. We gotta ask Mama. 'cause you can't make your own decisions on way yet. We gonna get, we gonna get your, your Guardian.


Right. Talk to me before you sign that contract. I'm make sure you get that right. I like that. Thank you. I like that tape. Thank you dollars. Noah, thank you so much for joining us. You know, I do wanna ask Noah, who are some of your favorite young content creators in the same spaces as you? Oh, okay. Isaiah Martin UA two real, let me think. Olivia, Juliana. A lot of great people that attended here today. Okay. Yeah. I love that. That's awesome. You're amazing. You really are. Your energy is infectious. Can I ask him one more question? I'm sorry. I just am dying to know this. Who has been your favorite speaker so far? Ooh, good one. At the convention. And why? Auntie Michelle. Oh, Barack Or Nancy Pelosi or Joe Biden my favorite. You ask No, I I didn't catch Nancy.


Who was first outta those? Joe Biden. Really? Yeah. Tell me why You like Joe's speech outta all of them. Joe's speech. He went for an out y'all's sleepy Joe. Y'all sleepy Joe went off for I love him For an hour. I would love him. Thank you. This Is the first time we gonna disagree. All week, all week. No Y's Michelle, sleepy Joe to Bed. Let him tell you why. Oh, okay. Y'all's sleepy. Joe went on for an hour and 30 minutes. Y'all who, who caught them? Sleepy Joe too. Went on for an Hour just because he stayed awake. I, I just muted. Thank you. No, you go ahead. And, I If. you go on for an hour and 30 minutes. How are you sleepy Joe? Michelle bodied. I don't even know how long Michelle was on but her was just better. Michelle, Michelle Can go second place.


No way We disagree. No, I get Noah his point. I'm with that. I know And I like that said the man was up. Well let me tell you this. No, he did great. Noah. Here's the thing. We are absolutely not finished with you. We hope we can sign you for a podcast. But for now we're gonna let you go 'cause you got some work to do. Thank you. Thank you so much. Peace. Appreciate you man. We Wish you well. Thank you so much honey. Thank you so much. We wish you well brother. We you do. We love you. Alright, Well that was the young brother Noah. Now when we come back we got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. News is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do No She don't spare nobody bro.


Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to Me. Alright, so a little update on Jenny from the block. So we reported earlier this week that she filed for a divorce from Ben Affleck and TMZ ob Za obtained the documents from the filing. And pretty little interesting fact that I wanted to throw out there in this update was that JLo had actually changed her name to Jennifer Lynn Affleck. She decided that she wanted to change her name back to Jennifer Lynn Lopez. Which is crazy to me because she took Off Lopez. I didn't know she took off Lopez.


We didn't. That's her whole brand. Our whole brand is J-Lo. That Seems weird. She, she kept pushing the brand. She never made it a thing to, I don't even remember knowing that she changed her last name to Affleck, which I thought was interesting. But I was like, dang, JLo really is like the, like who can she date that is bigger than her, just like career wise or whatever. 'cause she changed their last name so fast. A lot of women will keep their last names for different reasons. Or especially when you were married to someone who also was a celebrity. Sometimes JLo got rid of the last name so fast. Like J Flack, jfl sound nasty. That sound like some cheap insurance you get when you can't get A flack. Aflac j Flack a flack In other news, on divorces, judge Mathis and his now estranged wife Linda have filed for divorce.


Linda actually filed after 39 years of marriage. That is insane. They, they got married in 1985. This was before Judge Mathis was on tv. This was 14 years before his first court show, right after he had graduated from college. It's not clear exactly what her reasoning was. She just put irreconcilable differences, which is like the normal thing that people list. Date of separation was July 17th. And they don't have any issues over like You know child support or whatever because all their kids are grown. They have four kids over 18 and she is asking for spousal support. But I remember watching their reality show that they had about their family. And I loved their family dynamic. I'm, I really be wanting to hear from people You know who do things like that.


'cause You know I I, me and my wife, we've been together 26 years. We married for 10 this year. But I just always wonder when You know you've been with somebody for so long and you're so up in age, what makes you at that point decide? Yeah, enough is enough. I just, I just wanna know. I just wanna know the, the, the, the mentality. That's all. That's what I was thinking when I was reading the story. Like man, like they're, I thought they were, This could have been ruined for a long time. They could have been seeing You know, not eye to eye people evolve and maybe they were waiting for one of their, their kids to get a little older to do this. You just don't know what somebody's mentality is when in a relationship. But like Charlamagne said, I've been with my wife 30 married 22. Yeah, 23 actually. And we were talking about this in the room. Well I was saying yesterday that like when you've been with someone for as long as they've been together, I'm not, I'm not going there with you, But you what you were saying, Lord, the like Judge Mathis, if he does date someone else, they're never going to get the Judge Mathis that Linda, his now estranged wife had because like they went so much together.


But that could Be good or bad though. True. But it's just like, hey, I'm 64 now things, I'm 64. Everything hit different at 64 or might have to even pop a little blue pill Or so something I say or don't hit because don't Hit Nah, but You know, like You know people evolve. I mean, me and Charlemagne are not the same person we were when we first started dating our wives. We evolved, we grew as people Should. But ain't y'all glad that y'all are with people that got to see y'all through all of those phases Sometimes. Like don't you sit back like, man, like I'm glad I'm there. It's a difference between evolution and being 60 plus years old though. That's what I'm, that's all I'm saying. Yeah. You 60 plus years old. What I'm supposed to do after 39 years of marriage, I'm this wolf ain't got no teeth no more, man. Nah, but men can get, men can get back out there. Wait, hold on. Not having teeth and you gotta get back out there.


Might not be a bad thing for, because Matt got teeth, man. He all, he got money. No, but he gonna be gonna be vacation and he gonna be spending the rest of his life. No, of Course he got teeth. Y'all know what I meant when I say that. No, what, what I'm saying is going over y'all head. The lady gonna fill me though. There Is gas station pills for that La Vitra. I wasn't even talking about all that. We going Yeah, we, we gonna move on. So speaking of families except Rocky Man, you could tell Lauren got an old, old nasty sugar daddy and Delaware old 71-year-old sugar daddy taking es out, been with No teeth. I just taking Out and go Work. No reason right now. I don't even know what happened. What's wrong with you? I don't know. I'm traumatized. I don't know what happened. Speaking of families, Jesus asap, Rocky Rihanna, one of our favorite families right now ASAP recently sat down with Billboard.


He's on the cover of Billboard because he has a new album as he hasn't dropped the album in like six years. But he has an album coming. It's called Don't Be Dumb. And they asked him about family. Hey, hey Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions.


Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo. He and of course they asked him about Drake and the You know the ongoing shots that him and Drake throw at each other because of Rihanna and asap briefly. I like the way he handled it. He briefly got into it. So we're gonna take a listen to some of the more recent songs that have like been released where they took shots at each other. So let's listen to the ASAP Rocky on Show of Hands first. So that is ASAP responding to Drake. Drake takes shots at him so much that you can't even pinpoint where he's responding to. But he's basically saying like, you came and went and you're upset because I've been here and ain't going nowhere.


And obviously you didn't hit like, not hit like that, but like we know what you mean. Yeah, like it, it didn't and she, she ain't stay there. She's here. But Drake has dis ASAP on Family Matters. He dissed them on a few other songs. But we have Fear of Heights. Let's take a listen to Fear Heights. Auntie is so whack, yo man, he still with this is Garbage. The wait You should have played Family Matters. Family Matters was hard. And I ain't gonna front. He had some, he had some, some Lethal Balls. I thought ASAP on Family Matters. The reason an auntie was garbage. The reason I played that one though is because it's like, I feel like for you to take your time and it to be slowed down and you really wanted it to hit and then it didn't, we talk, people talk about Tyrese and other people like being stuck on Exs.


Drake is really low key stuck on Rihanna. And it's like auntie, Like your daddy Sisters, one of the Stinkiest balls fought on that boy that ball and seen. They probably with Antigua like, what's wrong with like, okay, what's wrong with Antigua? He he be trying to play asap. Like he can't leave her because he ain't got no money and he ain't nobody. That's how he be trying to play with asap. Mm. So yeah, but I, the reason why I I brought this part of it up is because I like the way ASAP handled it and it shows his growth. You know what I mean? Like we know ASAP is from around. He basically was like, those are just shots. I'm not worried about it. Like I don't care. I just do it for fun at this point in response to him. But he, he talked a lot about his family stuff too. And, and they asked him about how Rihanna is as a parent and like them together as a a family. He says that he wants his kids to be able to just walk to the corner store and, and have a regular life like he did in Harlem.


And he talked about how Rihanna plays too much and they made no a mention to say like Rihanna and asaps kids will never be able to just walk to a corner store. Yes they can. That's what He said. They can buy the whole block by the whole block by the corner store. Don't nobody live there but, and a family. Okay. Call it Fenty Town. All right. It's not right. Can walk wherever they want. Walk quarter order, not quarter orders. Walking with your cousins though. They ain't never gonna, That they not gonna get that Harlem feel at that, that ASAP is used to. They're not gonna get that. Why, why would you want that? Parents Be wanting that to keep their kids grounded. Y'all got money. Y'all know I be thinking that but that's just stupid. It's just a stupid mentality. I think what we're trying to say is we want our kids to learn to appreciate things and we want our kids to understand that You know none of this, all of this stuff is a privilege.


It is a privilege to be in the positions that you're in. But you don't have to grow up in the hood. You know to, to ex to, to instill that in your kids. Or have your kids grow up in the hood then instill that in them. No, I don't, I don't think it's the, the growing up in the hood part. I think it's the fact that they have a, a childhood. They were able to go outside and actually play and play with their friends. Now you gotta, you gotta make a, you gotta make a play Dick. Your Kids, your kid's childhood should be better. If. you got finances. What you talking about? It's, That wasn't bad. My kids got more passports. I didn't get on a plane until I was 21. Yeah. All my kids got more stamps on their passport. 21 is Crazy. Traveling is different. Exactly. You're 21 is crazy. I'm Sorry. Why? Kids is different. Yeah, our kids travel. But back like you missed the days of going outside and playing with friends Bro, it's broke. Kids that can't go outside and play with friends right now.


Y'all see all ASAP Can't do that. It's all these PO Shay masks outside them. Regular kids ain't going outside today either. They at home on TikTok Cash all about outside. Why y'all only got one vision of outside? Like why you act like I want the park you playing jump rope in front of your crib like that. We talking about stuff like that. Parties, kids Today do regular Asap. Why can't they do that? No Kids kids do that. Yeah, absolutely much. Why can't, Why can't they kids do That? Who? ASAP Rocking Rihanna's kids. Yeah. Why they kids? 'cause they're gonna be super famous and super fly and suited the booted from head to toe. It's other people that in the community that they'll live around that's You know probably have the same finances that they do. They got kids. Well no, I'm talking about The streets of Harlem. We gotta wrap this up 'cause you, Why do we want them in the streets of Harlem?


He, that's what ASAP is saying. You act like d hugely on Kamala today. I don't know. The misunderstanding Is them kids are not coming outta misunderstanding. They're not coming outta Beverly Hills on their neighborhood. That's a mile down the road and having a block party. It's not the same as growing up in Harlem and and experiencing all the things that all Experience for sure. But it's not, my point is it's not supposed to be. That was ASAP Rocky's experience. He put himself in a position to make, to make better experiences for his kids. That's what it's about. It's about us You know doing better for the next generation. That generation isn't supposed to experience that. They're supposed to have their own experiences. That's all I'm saying. I ain't Even got no kids. Okay, let's go. I mean we can stay here. I would love to stay on this subject.


If you. If you would like If. you alright? This is what you wanna do Lauren, this morning. Can We gimme a donkey too, man? Four after the hour, we need a man named Joshua Kim to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a world with him, please. All Right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. It's time For Donkey of the Day. Donkey of the Day. I'm a Democrat. So being Donkey of the Day is a little bit of a mix place. So like A donkey, donkey of the day. The, Breakfast, Club bitches. Now I've been called a lot in my 23 years. That Donkey of the day is a new one Donkey of today for Friday, August 23rd goes to 36-year-old Joshua Kim, okay.


Joshua Hills from close to my neck of the woods, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, dropping a clues. Bumps from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Haven't been there in a minute, but that's an amazing time there. Amazing times there growing up. Now, something your Uncle Charlotte tells you constantly is that our sole purpose in life is to avoid crazy. Okay? We all wake up every day wanting to protect our minds, wanting to protect our bodies. And one way to do that is to avoid crazy at all costs. Okay? Very hard task to do sometimes, okay? Because you simply don't know who's crazy, okay? It's just very hard to do because you simply don't know who's crazy. That's why minding your business is very important, but sometimes crazy finds you. And that's what happened to the employees of the Sugar Life Ice Cream and Candy Bar store in Myrtle Beach.


See Joshua Kim is a 36-year-old grown ass man who clearly likes sweets, okay? Dropping a clues bombs for all the diabetics out there. Come on. I went on Sugar Life ice cream and candy bar stores website. And they have menu items like giant gummy pickles. Mm. Okay. Envy could swallow that without chewing it. All right? They got scrambled gummy sizzler. Okay? Those candies look like scrambled eggs. They got warheads, blue raspberry soda warheads. I, I didn't even know that warheads had soda, green apple warhead soda. I never seen that. They sell candy in bulk. They got gummy beds and blow pops. They got the Lunchables, but they're candy. They got candy tacos, all types of stuff. And Joshua Kim decided to go in this store and make a purchase.


Well, he must not have liked what he bought because he decided to take it back. But what he didn't account for was the store's no return policy on candy. I mean, it's right there. They tell you during the checkout process. But Joshua Kim wasn't going for it. Let's go to W-N-B-F-T-V for the report. Police Myrtle Beach Police arrested 36-year-old Joshua Kim Thursday, shortly after they say he pulled out a gun on several employees here at the Sugar Life Ice Cream and Candy Bar along South Kings Highway. Officers say the scary encounter happened when Kim got into an argument while trying to return candy. Something the store does not allow. Management here at Sugar Life says the threats also unfolded in front of a crowd of visitors.


Not just putting employees in danger, but young children as well. When officers searched Kim's car, a report shows they found cocaine and weed inside Kim is now being held under a bond of more than $750,000 and is facing a slew of charges like pointing and presenting a gun reporting in Myrtle Beach. Ashley Strom. W nm BF News. I feel like, I feel like this could be an online Snickers commercial like Joshua Kim, right? Hear me out. Joshua Kim. You see him, it pops up. Boom. Joshua Kim. But it's actually Joshua Kim J on Supreme leader in North Korea. And You know it's him walking into a candy store and he got everybody up against the wall at gunpoint threatening to blow chunks of their brain out if they don't do what he wants.


And then he eats the Snickers and turns back into his regular self because we all know you're not yourself and you're hungry, right? This is what I be talking about, man. This is what I be talking about when I say every day of our lives. We have to avoid crazy, okay? All they was doing in this candy store was their job selling shower patch, kids selling gummy popsicles. And here comes this domestic terrorist, Joshua Kim Jong-un pulling out pistols because he wants a refund on some live zoo eyeball gummies. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I personally don't believe that is a reason to pull a pistol on someone just because you want a refund on some damn candy. Okay? I could even understand more if he was poor and was robbing the candy store. That is what I would call a sweet lick. But being upset that they won't refund whatever candy you bought is exactly the reason my phone goes on do not disturb at 9:00 PM every night for the last 15 years of my life.


Because I do not and will not talk to n words of any race after a certain time. Now, when I hear stories like this, I have to have a reason for the crazy, right? Like I don't wanna believe that humans brains simply just work like this. So I liked in the news report when we heard that police searched the truck that belonged to Joshua Kim Jong-Un. By the way, a truck that they said was leaving the scene was seen leaving the scene of another related incident. So what y'all just go around doing, drive-bys on candy stores. Y'all just go around traumatizing these employees that work at the candy stores. I was if, if it made me feel good to know that they found oh 0.41 grams of another kind of candy and that candy was cocaine.


Okay? They also found some weed, so he might've been smoking wools. Wool is when you put the weed in the blunt, sprinkled some cocaine on top of it and enjoy one of the best highs of your life. Okay? I'm 46 years old, your Uncle Sharla has lived, okay? I smoked one of those dirty blunts on accident once when I was a young lad and damn near my whole life I've been waiting to smoke one on accident again. Now Joshua Kim Jong-Un's baby mama had something to say. Let's listen to her. All I could do was thank God, like thank God that my son was not there because I don't know what I would've done. While Sugar Life staff continue to recover from the tent situation. George says she hopes Kim will get the help he needs behind bars, Not okay like that.


So honestly the best place for him is to be in jail. You know maybe he can get his mind right, he can sober up and do something for his life so my son can have a father. Mm Marlon the story is Joshua Kim is nuts outta his damn mind. Y'all heard his baby mama. Listen to this baby mama. His baby mama wants him to get some help. When your baby mama said jail is probably the best thing for you, that means you probably need some intense psychotherapy and some help with your substance abuse issues because now you got drug charges, two counts pointing and presenting firearm at a person and unlawful conduct toward a child. Some donkey of the days justelle themselves. Please give Joshua Kim the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons.


Oh no, you of the day. You're the of the day. Go ahead, go ahead. Oh go ahead. You not bad of a person you gotta be to, to pull out a gun in a candy store. Yeah, them stores smell good. They make you feel good. They make you, that's right. Like them people be so nice. It's like somebody pulling out a gun at Chick-fil-A like it's just, And the poor employees, they ain't even know what's going on. Do we play the employees talking? You ain't play that right, do we? You should have played the employees talking play.


Damn, we don't got that damn. Nevermind what they say. Damn. Don't worry about it. Yeah, I'm surprised Mac ain't walking when you talking about all that food. All right, well thank you for that Donkey of the day. And also too You know Max Said he wanted to, he tired from the DNC. They need to make the DNCA day party. Mm. Mac wasn't at the DNC. No, but we were up cutting stuff, getting things ready. Yeah. Also, I don't like when baby mamas talk like that about their baby daddies. Okay. You know who you let shoot your club up. Oh daddy, that's the same person. That was the same that that man should have been in jail when he shot your club up. I saw the little baby. The little baby ain't nothing but maybe one years old. Yeah, that man was crazy a year ago. And you knew that. Right? But now, now, now all of a sudden You know, you think jail is the best thing for him? Wasn't the best thing for him when y'all was sweating on each other.


You know what You know who you let hit raw. All shots matter. He's right. Like What was that noise he was making? Alright, alright, alright. He's been in this church. Yeah. I don't know if I'm supposed to say that. Nevermind. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for that donkey today. Now Charlemagne was at the D nnc the last couple of days and you gotta chance chop it up with a, a bunch of different people, right? Yeah. I was out there with my good sister Angela Rye and Tiffany Cross and Andrew Gillum You know the host of the Native Land podcast. And we spoke to a lot of people over the last couple of days. They were there all week. I was just there Wednesday and Thursday. But when we come back, we're gonna play our conversation that we had with my man, Ellie Misel. Ellie Misel is amazing. You know, I, I've been quoting this article that he wrote in the Nation about the Supreme Court and how you can't overstate the damage that they have done and will continue to do so.


We're, we are gonna talk to him, but also Governor Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania You know he's been on Breakfast Club before. He was, he was right there to be the, the VP pick. But You know it, it didn't happen. So we gonna talk to Governor Josh Shapiro when we come back. Alright, we'll do that when we come back. Don't move us to The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Laura London filling in for Jess now Lord London. Damn behalf. You told I told you it just be happening. It's because my name is Lauren. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess Ain. He ain't say Lauren Hill. Okay. I I've never been called Laury Hill.


You're right. The Delaware Nu Now mean was at the DNC and you kicked it with so many different people. What we about to get into now, Right now we gonna talk to my man, governor Josh Shapiro. Man, governor Josh Shapiro You know. He, he is a person that was in heavy consideration to be vice president Kamala Harris's running mate as as she runs to try to be president of the next president of the United States of America. But he's the great governor of Pennsylvania. He's been on The, Breakfast Club before. So yeah, we chopped it up with him, man. Governor Josh Shapiro is here. I I loved your theme of freedom last night and You know, one question that I've been asking everyone in light of the Supreme Court's recent ruling is the fact we know so many Republican officials will refuse to certify the results of the election. Do you believe our democracy is healthy enough to have a free and fair election come November?


I do. Because look, last time we had a free and fair, safe and secure election in Pennsylvania and elsewhere and our courts held the judges when it was up to them, did do the right thing. But make no mistake, there are serious threats out there. It's one of the reasons why nine months ago as the governor of Pennsylvania, which I think everybody agrees is kind of the, the ultimate swing state here. Sure. Yeah. We put together an election protection task force led by my Secretary of the Commonwealth who oversees elections. Importantly a Republican 'cause I think the administration of elections is nonpartisan, obviously partisan exercise to decide who you want to be for. But we want everyone in Pennsylvania to know that their ballot can be cast, their ballot will be counted.


And, I don't care what Donald Trump does to try and throw out a vote. We'll be ready to go to court to protect it. We were both surprised that you were not selected as the vp. I was Disappointed. I was gonna say that Next. Okay. And I wanna know what it takes emotionally to get past that when you, when You know you're qualified, when You know your friends are qualified too, when you're standing shoulder, shoulder with them and You know you gotta carry on in the fight. Yeah. How do you move past that? Well, first of all, I said during that process, which I was really humbled and honored to be a part of that, this was at the end of the day, a deeply personal decision for the vice president. I'll tell you what, it was also a deeply personal decision for me. And you gotta make sure that you're in the right situation.


Ultimately, most importantly for her, she's the boss. But also making sure that you're in the best position where you can serve, where you can chart your course, where you can have an impact on people every day. And at the end of the day, I think she made an outstanding pick in Tim Wall. He's gonna serve her well in that role. And I. Look forward to continue to do everything I can as governor of Pennsylvania. A compliment to you though, 'cause people were saying like he's not a number two, he's a number one. So he continue Too. But lemme so speaking of number ones, 'cause that was my follow up a lot. There's been a lot of messy talk about in when Kamala Harris and Tim Walls win in 2024, that what would prevent you from challenging them in 2028, would you say? Like, I would never do that on, On Listen now we're not gonna play that game.


They're gonna win. I'm gonna do everything I can to help. Yeah. And I'm gonna do everything I can to help make sure they win again. So I love that. Yeah. But, but putting the noise direction I think is mission critical. So I appreciate you doing That. Governor, I, I'm curious, what was that to curious? Well, because I was trying to think what was the last time that we had a, a broker convention at the dnc. So I was wondering where, where that speculation would come from. But Governor, I know you enjoy being governor. You've been clear that you enjoy being governor of Pennsylvania. However, there is speculation about what role you might take when Pamela Harris and and Tim Walls win the White House. Should you join her administration? I'm curious what your advice to her would be when it comes to what we're seeing happening in Israel and Gaza.


Let me be clear. I love being governor of Pennsylvania. I'm gonna continue to be governor of Pennsylvania. Period. Hard stop. Full stop. End of sentence. Full stop. If you're asking me about Israel, I'm, I'm happy to give you my thoughts on that. But ultimately that policy is gonna be set by the Harris Walls administration with whoever she has hopefully negotiating a piece in the Middle East. That's Right. I I wanted to ask you about Pennsylvania. Governor You know Donald Trump's support among white working class voters without a college degree has shrunk significantly. Not just in Pennsylvania, miss Michigan and Wisconsin as well. That group typically favors Republicans, but they're now starting to back the vice president. Why do you think that is? You know, I, I'll tell you what, Charlamagne, anecdotally, when I'm out in these rural areas, I go there a lot.


Folks kinda saddle up to me and they go, what do you really think of her? Whoa, whoa, Whoa. What's, what's her deal? What I'm trying to express to you is there's like a curiosity. Well, what's she really like? What's she gonna be like? You know her. I take that as a really positive and hopeful sign that they're kind of open to considering her candidacy. Governor Shapiro, your speech got under Trump's skin. He he called you an overrated Jewish governor? Yeah. Oh. So, so what offended you more? Him calling you overrated or the antisemite? I mean, I think my poll numbers probably 20 points better than his. So get it. Governor should that you should have No, but as literally the definition of say less.


Yes. Say less check And. I. I don't get upset when he criticized me. I don't, honestly, I don't get too high when people say nice things too low and people say bad things. Here's what pisses me off though. When he engages in these anti-Semitic tropes, when he pushes hatred and bigotry into our political discourse, it makes other people around here feel less safe. It's Okay. Yes. Right. It makes them feel like they don't belong. That's right. And it infects us. And listen, I got four kids. I try and raise them to be good people. You try and raise them to be the kind of people that you'd want in the leader of this nation, Kamala Harris is that kind of person. Right. You know, no matter what you look like, where you come from, who you love, who you pray to, you belong here.


She believes that. I believe that Donald Trump doesn't believe that. That's right. And that is what's upsetting to me. Not that he calls me a bad namer engages and attacks on me. It's how it makes other people feel. Right. You would think he would learn his lesson because he's already created an environment of political violence that's clearly hasn't been safe for him. So you'd think he would learn his lesson on Yeah. Nobody See, that's A good point. Nobody, that's a really good What What do you say to people like, because I've been seeing the rights say this a lot. Democrats talk like they don't have the White House now. They talk like they haven't had the White House 12 over the last 16 years. How come Democrats don't speak like they are in the driver's seat? I I'm not sure I'd look at it that way. Yeah. But I, I think what we have now as a result of what occurred over the last 30 ish days or so, we got a change agent in Kamala Harris.


Yeah. We got someone who now gets to lay out a different vision, a different path forward. And so of course she's gonna take up the mantle of change. We already know what the hell Donald Trump's gonna do. He did it for four years and You know what he did. More chaos, less jobs and a whole lot less freedom when he was in charge. He wants to do the same thing. Yeah. So like he's not the change agent Kamala Harris is. And so maybe that's sort of what folks are reacting to. Okay. Yeah. We are so, so grateful for joining us tonight. Absolutely. Big night. Celebrate. It's your night and then you have to fight tomorrow. Thanks y'all. Thanks Don. So hard. Thank you. Thank You. All right. That was our conversation with Governor Shapiro.


Charlamagne was at the DNC the last couple of days and when we come back you kicked it with Ellie Ell. Yes. Ellie Massel man. Ellie Ell is somebody who I really enjoy, man. He is a constitutional scholar. You know he's, he's got a great book out from a couple of years ago called Allow Me to Retort A Black Guy's Guide to The Constitution. You probably see him on M-S-N-B-C all the time. And it's a article that I've been referring to a lot that he wrote for the Nation title. It's impossible to overstate the damage done by the Supreme Court in this term. So I've been wanting to sit down and talk to Ellie for a while. 'cause I've been referencing this article a lot. So he, he was, he was there last night so we pulled him up to kick it with him for a second so he can tell you about the damage that the Supreme Court is currently doing and we'll continue to do 'cause they got lifetime appointments, but we'll discuss.


Alright, We'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. We have Ellie, Ellie, miss. So coming up now to join us, our Supreme Court expert is in the building. Angela, I'll tell you, Ellie, I have read the, the column you wrote in the nation that it's impossible to overstate the damage done by the Supreme Court in this term. I've read that to so many people, giving it to so many people. I think that is one of the most important things that people should be reading right now. Thank you so much. It is the issue to me, it's the issue of the moment. People forget the Supreme Court is a third branch of government. It has just as much power as the other two. And If, you ask the Supreme Court it has more power That's right. Than the other two because it thinks that has, how about that? It has a veto power over the branches of government that we elect.


So as much as I love being at the Democratic National Convention, as much as I love voting rights according to Supreme Court, my vote's just for show. That's right. Yeah. Because they are the ones who think that they have the real power to shape the laws and rights and responsibilities in this country. So Why are more elected officials just coming out and saying the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution? Yeah. Why? Indeed At Some level I'm happy they don't 'cause I get a job. Oh, get out. Oh my Goodness. Why don't they, why don't they say that? I think that there are a lot of reasons. One of the reasons is that we have elevated the courts, the status of clergy Right. To the status of or pope of religion.


Right. And so we have such a genuine LEC and a respect for the Supreme Court that calling them to the carpet for their BS is not something that comes naturally for the other branches of government. Certainly doesn't come naturally for older established politicians. I think that's one problem. The second problem is that You know, especially on my side of the aisle, on the black left, on the progressive left, we have institutional memory of when the court was good. Right. Of when the court was a leader for civil rights. Yeah. A leader for voting rights. Right. And so we look back on those days and we think, well we shouldn't be too harsh on the court now just because they don't agree with us. People forget the Warren Court, that era that I'm talking about. That was about like 15 years for the other 220 years.


Yeah. Yeah. The war has been one of the most reactionary branches of government in in, in the country. It has routinely kept its foot on the neck of black and brown folks in this country. And you can go all the way back to 1857, the Dr. Scott decision where the court, not the constitution, not even the slaves who wrote the constitution put this in their document. But the Supreme Court said a black man has no rights that the white man is bound to respect. That was a court decision, not a constitutional amendment. Yeah. Right. That's 1857 that start the Civil War. You can go all the way up to, to to 1908 plus Eeb Ferguson. Yeah. That's the Supreme Court that said separate but equal is just fine. That's right. And it does not violate the 14th amendment that people just fought and died and fought a whole war over.


Right. That's a Supreme Court decision. So If, you look If, you take a longer view. Yeah. Court's always on its bs. Yeah, It is. And Ellie, no, as you, as you leave us, we, oh, can I, can I say one more part, Ellie, before we get to that. Okay. So it's just a narrative that I'm seeing like the more people call out the Supreme Court, they say that people are on,


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Tara Raji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the seating. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent, All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


We calling out the Supreme Court now because it has a conservative majority. Right. So could you tell us why it doesn't matter what the party majority is, is what they're actually doing? Yeah, So that's right. There are two answers to that question. One, yeah. I hate their decisions and I'm willing to do anything I can to stop them 'cause their decisions are taken away rights. I I don't, I don't run away from saying like I'm mad at the current Supreme Court. But what the, the higher, the higher ideal here right? Is that the Supreme Court as a whole has too much power. And I'd be saying that if it was a Democrat or Supreme Court or the Republican Supreme Court, because the people in the system that are supposed to have the power are the voters. That's right. And the Supreme Court comes over the top of the voters and tells us what we are allowed to vote for, what we're allowed to believe, what we're allowed to pass legislatively.


And that was never the intention. So my last answer to your question, Federalist 78. So the Federalist Papers are like the, the John j John John Adams and Alexander Hamilton writing about what the Constitution is supposed to be. Right? There is one federalist paper about the Supreme Court. It's called Federal 78. And in the federal 78, Alexander Hamilton says, the Supreme Court should be the least dangerous branch of government because it has neither the power of the purse. That means it can't raise taxes or the power of the sword. That means it doesn't have an army. The next time Alexander Hamilton would be as wrong, he'd be firing his gun up into the air of New Jersey. Dang. Wow. That's how wrong that man was. Right? Wow. And so we need to get back to a, dare I say conservative, dare I say founding principle of the Supreme Court not being up our ass the entire time.


Damn. That's what I'm saying. Ellie, thats real. I gotta go. I am so grateful for you You. know it. We love you, We love your passion. Absolutely. Every time. Thank you Ellie. Alright, well that was your conversation at the DNC. You had an event for week, I should say a Event for 48 hours. There's no way I could have been here the whole week. I'm glad that I came in You know for a couple of days. I will say the DNC was a very, it was a very dope event, man. It's like Coachella for people who are really into politics, people who are really into that political world, because you gotta think it's at the United Center, right? So the United Center is open, like all the concession stands. People in their drinking You know they in they eating, they chicken fingers and their french fries. Like it was a really, really popular event. There was women out there looking for men, men out there looking for women.


Oh, it was going down at the DNC. Wow. Is that the New Essence Festival? No, I'm just joking. All right. Now that's The, that's probably the old Essence Festival. C. The DNC been around for a long time. Damnit. All right. Now when we come back past the a's Nala will be joining us. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And it's time for Pastor ALKs. Dj. dj Come spin. Come spin.


What's up Nyla? Hello guys. Good morning. Good Morning. Big Nyla. Okay, a few things before I start. I wanna give a shout out to American Eagle. They did this collaboration with Coco, the tennis player won at the Olympics. So shout out to Coco, shout out to American Eagle. 'cause I DJ'ed the party and it was really lit. Rooftop fine. Dope, dope, dope. Open bar. I got lit. So yeah. But all right, I wanna kick it off with Doci. Actually, she dropped Nissan Altima a few weeks ago and then she just dropped a new record called Boom Back. But I really wanted to shout out Nissan Altima 'cause I really liked that record. That's Dope. Yes. That's what ate that. Hey, that's not the one where she was, the tears is in the video, right? I Didn't see the video. Okay. Because her visual would be crazy. I just saw something the other day.


I had the pleasure of, I had the pleasure of listening to DCI's whole album. The, or the mix tape. Alligator Bites Never Heal. She, she, she Fire man. She like that She's fire. Fire. She switched personalities and all of them is fire yo. Literally of, I don't care who, how she come. Nah, that's tough. Doce one in them ones TDE. Y'all got another one. Doce one of them once. No, that's tough. I know. Yeah, they really do. I love that. Love Doce. Next I'm gonna take it to Detroit. All right. Babyface Ray. Dropping a project next week and one of the records that they just released, or I guess singles is Count Money featuring Boss Manilo. I like Babyface Ray, I like, I like anything man, boss man. This, I don't even know what he's saying all the time, but I like all his stuff.


He's, he's witty. He's really, really witty. Yeah. I just don't want him to drive one way. He said on the song that he going down a one way street. It's just turn around. I, I think he means to get the money, just Turn around And. I Don't care. Just turn around. All right. It's stupid. And the last one is an RB record by an artist named Elena Lm E-L-M-I-E-N-E. I'm sorry, I'm dyslexic and something pronunciation kicks my ass. But he's a UK based singer and the record's called Light Work. Ooh, I like that. Nyla, we need you in here this morning. Like we should have started the day with you to kind of like pump us up. I feel awake now. Oh good. I love that. Yeah, but that RB joint El Eliminate.


I'm sorry Elma. I don't know how to say your name. Please don't kill me, but I know he has a show in New York City next month. So If, you guys are interested. Make sure you guys tap in and follow him and If. you guys like what you heard. Make sure you guys follow my playlist. Well first follow me on the gram at Nyla simonon. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Click the link in bio. There's playlist there. There's curated events with, it's a certified vibe. There's my podcast. We need to talk. I drop two episodes a week so it makes you guys tap in tune in. Yeah. Big content creator, NLA Simone, don't you ever play with her and your mother Epping Life. Okay. And and Certified Vibe Live is coming back when? nla. Yeah, September 27th. It's our one year anniversary and we have two really dope headlines.


And I Can't wait to Announce Go One year. Yeah. Yeah. I know you spit all over that mic earlier though. You saw him. Yeah. Big, big. I love it. I'm here for it. Hype me Up. Big single big single Lauren LaRosa. Okay. My god. Big single. Okay, Today you set this up. Up today. Alright, when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. We throw it back on a Friday. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Yeah. Now you in the DNC all week, right? I was here at the DNC Wednesday and Thursday broadcasting with the Native Land Podcast. Make sure you subscribe to the Native Land Podcast, If. you haven't already. The host are my good sister Angela Rye, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross.


Man. Very informative podcast. People love the Native Land podcast. So they love to see them broadcasting live from the D-M-C-D-N-C. So I joined them Wednesday and Thursday. Is There DNC after party? Like y'all gone out Tonight? No, there was a DNC after party last night. You went there? Yeah, of course not. Oh, You know me. I went there. They had one at, they had one at Soldier Field. They had a bunch of different after parties last night. Listen, the DNC is literally like Coachella for like people who are in the political space. Politic, right? Yeah. INE majors. Yep. Like they out here drinking. They out here probably doing edibles, smoking weed. I ain't seen no cocaine, but I'm sure they had it. Oh, it's a lot of Coke. You know they was ha listen, they was out here having a ball.


It's like a, what, what, I don't wanna say a party, but I guess a, a a celebration. And, and, and with that said, I do want to say the honeymoon is over. I I felt that last night in the room. Like it's just time to get to work. Yesterday was a coronation of sorts because You know the vice president Kamala Harris did become the democratic nominee for president, but she's not president. Like there's a whole election to win. And. I don't want nobody to lose sight of that. Like she, she still has to win over electoral voters. She still has to win over a lot of black people, especially black men. She needs to win over those swing voters and those undecided. So it's really time to get to work. Nothing is guaranteed. Trump is still a a, a formidable opponent. His base is still energized and the DNC convention may energize them.


No, not me. It will energize them even more. That's right. You know to go out and do the work. So in the words of the infamous Kobe Bryant jobs not finished and everybody needs to go listen to Michelle Obama's speech from the DNC 'cause to me she laid the blueprint of of of what everybody needs to be doing over the next 70 plus days. If, you are a supporter of the vice president because You know you gotta you gotta get back to work. Celebration is over. The honeymoon is over. It's time to get to work. Alright, well when we come back we got the positive note. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for just it's time to get up outta here. Matter of fact, before we do, let's get a winner.


Hello, who's this? It's Calvin. How you doing? Calvin? From where? What's up Calvin? I'm from Freeport, Illinois. Man, what's going on? Hey, everything is pretty good. How far are you from Chicago? About an hour and a half. Oh, they was all over Illinois this weekend and Huh? This week I should say. Huh? Oh Yeah, man. Going into city was nuts. Okay. All right, well you hit us up and you said you want some of this daily bread now If, you win this money, what you gonna do with the money? Oh man, I'm, I got a concession trailer. I've been looking to get a new portable fryer. And how much is that fryer, bro? The fryer probably about two 2K Damnit man. Well we ain't got you with the 2K but congratulations. You just want $1,000 brother? Oh yes. Yeah, boy. Yeah Boy.


Yeah boy. Well congratulations on that stack. Appreciate it man. Alright. And, and this week's Daily Bread is sponsored by Self. Self has the credit builder account that helps you build credit and savings at the same time. This can help you clear a path to a credit card and level up that credit score self hooked you up with a thousand dollars and If you want more information? Head over to The Breakfast Club just breakfast club.iheart.com/self daily bread to let us know why you need the cash and you could win like my guy Calvin. Congratulations Calvin, appreciate it. Alright, well congratulations to him. Solomon, you got a positive Note? I do. And it's really, really simple. We are blessed to be a blessing to others. It's really just that simple. You are not just blessed for yourself.


You were blessed to be a blessing to others. So go out there and be a blessing to others this weekend. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the Funk Canal.